Nothing seems more inconsistent with our ideas of virtue.
Nothing seems more meaningless and absurd than the death of a child.
Nothing seems more natural than for men to be produced of men.
Nothing seems more quaint than the fanciful speculations of the past.
Nothing seems more real or more changeless than that.
Nothing seems more sensitive to many people than who is left behind.
Nothing seems noticeable.
Nothing seems out of place yet . . .
Nothing seems out of place, least of all that gorgeous sunlight.
Nothing seems out of place.
Nothing seems out of the ordinary here.
Nothing seems out of the ordinary.
Nothing seems particularly amiss.
Nothing seems particularly funny.
Nothing seems planned or intended.
Nothing seems quite as miraculous as the process of conception to birth.
Nothing seems quite so dreadful now.
Nothing seems quite so permanent as mountains.
Nothing seems quite the same.
Nothing seems quite what it is.
Nothing seems real except the unreal.
Nothing seems real, though.
Nothing seems real.
Nothing seems really to matter, that's the charm of it.
Nothing seems right anymore.
Nothing seems right at the moment.
Nothing seems right.
Nothing seems sacred.
Nothing seems safe from their prying wave function.
Nothing seems sharp enough.
Nothing seems shocking.
Nothing seems simpler than counting.
Nothing seems sure.
Nothing seems that different yet.
Nothing seems that important anymore.
Nothing seems the same anymore.
Nothing seems the same at all.
Nothing seems the same.
Nothing seems to add up.
Nothing seems to agree with it.
Nothing seems to any more.
Nothing seems to attack it, and it stands high temperature.
Nothing seems to attract birds to a backyard or garden more than water.
Nothing seems to be a rule.
Nothing seems to be accomplished fast enough.
Nothing seems to be amiss until two sleepers are involved in an accidental shooting.
Nothing seems to be as easy as adding a new String to the database.
Nothing seems to be as it originally looked anymore.
Nothing seems to be at all certain.
Nothing seems to be being done to improve the situation.
Nothing seems to be cheap anymore and some things can be very, very expensive.
Nothing seems to be coming up.
Nothing seems to be coming.
Nothing seems to be constant or predictable.
Nothing seems to be constant.
Nothing seems to be critical, though, in our present situation.
Nothing seems to be easy any more.
Nothing seems to be going anywhere.
Nothing seems to be going in that direction at all.
Nothing seems to be going on, and nobody seems to want it to.
Nothing seems to be going our way.
Nothing seems to be going right with it.
Nothing seems to be going right.
Nothing seems to be happening.
Nothing seems to be helping or has helped in the past.
Nothing seems to be helping.
Nothing seems to be hidden from our children.
Nothing seems to be impossible.
Nothing seems to be in black and white, but it's all laying right in the grey area.
Nothing seems to be in the pit.
Nothing seems to be lasting.
Nothing seems to be more different from science than writing fiction.
Nothing seems to be off story, but then nothing seems to be on story either.
Nothing seems to be out and about.
Nothing seems to be out of bounds.
Nothing seems to be outside human reach using radioactive materials.
Nothing seems to be quite right.
Nothing seems to be right anymore.
Nothing seems to be simple anymore.
Nothing seems to be sure anymore.
Nothing seems to be the typical response, although some interesting trends are emerging.
Nothing seems to be thought there.
Nothing seems to be too great, too hard, or too difficult for prayer to do.
Nothing seems to be unconnected.
Nothing seems to be very pleasant, does it.
Nothing seems to be wasted.
Nothing seems to be working.
Nothing seems to be wrong with it.
Nothing seems to be wrong.
Nothing seems to be.
Nothing seems to big or too small.
Nothing seems to bring on an emergency as quickly as putting money aside in case of one.
Nothing seems to bring out the public like a hearing on a proposed street project.
Nothing seems to budge the mole.
Nothing seems to calm a colicky baby for more than a few minutes.
Nothing seems to calm the child.
Nothing seems to change our lives.
Nothing seems to change.
Nothing seems to clear it up.
Nothing seems to click.
Nothing seems to come easy in college hockey.
Nothing seems to cool and refresh during the dog days of summer like ice cream.
Nothing seems to delay or prevent their flowering.
Nothing seems to disturb the flow of energy.
Nothing seems to do the trick.
Nothing seems to effect it either way, it just randomly decides.
Nothing seems to enhance a home more than the colours and fragrance of flowers and herbs.
Nothing seems to escape the attention of members.
Nothing seems to escape the attention of taxpayers.
Nothing seems to ever stop.
Nothing seems to exacerbate or alleviate the feeling of having to urinate .
Nothing seems to exist independently.
Nothing seems to faze the cops in Nation County.
Nothing seems to fit.
Nothing seems to fix it.
Nothing seems to forbid the use of both at the same time.
Nothing seems to generate irate calls to the newspaper more than photos.
Nothing seems to get dirty.
Nothing seems to get done.
Nothing seems to get rid of the message.
Nothing seems to go as planned.
Nothing seems to go away, over and over again, just like before.
Nothing seems to go right and no one really cares.
Nothing seems to grab the attention, provide a versatile art canvass, or auction like the cows.
Nothing seems to grow there, even when regular watering is applied.
Nothing seems to grow, in fact, but tension-and disappointment.
Nothing seems to happen for a while.
Nothing seems to happen for years, then suddenly a landslide occurs.
Nothing seems to happen in the middle.
Nothing seems to happen on the screen.
Nothing seems to happen, but the highlighted text is copied into memory.
Nothing seems to happen.
Nothing seems to have been missed.
Nothing seems to have been overlooked in the earthly creation.
Nothing seems to have been returned.
Nothing seems to have been stolen.
Nothing seems to have been taken.
Nothing seems to have been too evil.
Nothing seems to have broken.
Nothing seems to have changed.
Nothing seems to have come of the trip.
Nothing seems to have ever been moved.
Nothing seems to have happened and patrons still have to worry about the ceiling falling in.
Nothing seems to have happened in Kyoto though.
Nothing seems to have happened lately.
Nothing seems to have happened there since.
Nothing seems to have happened.
Nothing seems to have helped.
Nothing seems to have made any difference.
Nothing seems to have stood still.
Nothing seems to have terrified men more than the angry glare and words of feminist ideologues.
Nothing seems to have worked so far, and it's getting pretty close to crunch time.
Nothing seems to have worked so far.
Nothing seems to help in making the decision.
Nothing seems to help out.
Nothing seems to help psoriasis or eczema .
Nothing seems to help the pain go away at the time.
Nothing seems to help.
Nothing seems to improve memory, mood, and overall mental health as well as regular, deep sleep.
Nothing seems to improve the binding.
Nothing seems to inspire the customer.
Nothing seems to interest a gerbil more than a tunnel.
Nothing seems to last, n ot international resolutions or promises of peace.
Nothing seems to last.
Nothing seems to leave a factory in a brand new state.
Nothing seems to level the learning curve more than work.
Nothing seems to make a difference.
Nothing seems to make any difference.
Nothing seems to make certain investors happier than when one of their stocks splits.
Nothing seems to make sense anymore.
Nothing seems to make sense today.
Nothing seems to make sense.
Nothing seems to make the pain better or worse.
Nothing seems to matter anymore.
Nothing seems to matter very much.
Nothing seems to mean anything.
Nothing seems to prevent the advance of enclosures.
Nothing seems to quite make up for the loss of a potential child.
Nothing seems to really change.
Nothing seems to relieve the constant discomfort.
Nothing seems to rouse our spirits much anymore.
Nothing seems to satisfy.
Nothing seems to shake the lock-step Jewish support for the Democratic candidacy.
Nothing seems to shift the blindness.
Nothing seems to soothe a runny nose or sore throat better.
Nothing seems to start a fire under people around here.
Nothing seems to stay still.
Nothing seems to steam royal peers more then talking about each other's styles.
Nothing seems to stop it.
Nothing seems to stop the horseshoe crabs, though.
Nothing seems to stump new gardeners more than the harvesting of broccoli and cauliflower.
Nothing seems to suffer.
Nothing seems to taste good anymore and the flavor is gone.
Nothing seems to taste the same.
Nothing seems to trigger more debate in planning and advisory circles than how people are paid.
Nothing seems to turn around the statistics.
Nothing seems to turn out right.
Nothing seems to ultimately work.
Nothing seems to work . . .
Nothing seems to work .
Nothing seems to work at all.
Nothing seems to work at the box-office.
Nothing seems to work consistently.
Nothing seems to work for e-tailing stocks.
Nothing seems to work just right.
Nothing seems to work quite right.
Nothing seems to work safely for long term problems.
Nothing seems to work so far.
Nothing seems to work to remove the jerkyness.
Nothing seems to work very well or for very long.
Nothing seems to work, then one suggestion starts to click.
Nothing seems to work, until competitors or governments insist.
Nothing seems to work.
Nothing seems too crude anymore for laughter at least from the canned audience recording.
Nothing seems too wild for the filmmakers to try.
Nothing seems undersized below.
Nothing seems unusual.
Nothing seems valuable or important enough to consume our lives.
Nothing seems worse than the fate of boringness.
Nothing seems worth doing.
Nothing seems worthwhile but just to hear that sound once more and go on listening to forever.
Nothing seems worthwhile.
Nothing seems wrong, however.
Nothing seeps into the ground, nothing disappears.
Nothing seeps out of there, except radiation.
Nothing seeps out through the plastic, as with the bags from the supermarket.
Nothing seeps through.
Nothing sees to work.
Nothing sells a business like a good recommendation.
Nothing sells a house like a great school.
Nothing sells as well or as widely as travel articles.
Nothing sells better than a perfect color image.
Nothing sells better than a personal recommendation.
Nothing sells better than pictures.
Nothing sells better than the words of a satisfied customer.
Nothing sells better today than an endorsement by a well-known individual.
Nothing sells books, tapes, or videos like future prophecy.
Nothing sells celebrity like scandal.
Nothing sells football like sexy, half- naked cheerleaders .
Nothing sells football like sexy, half-naked cheerleaders .
Nothing sells licenses faster than an acre of erupting catfish.
Nothing sells like a good demonstration.
Nothing sells like a hot product on the leading edge.
Nothing sells like a human face.
Nothing sells like a testimonial.
Nothing sells like controversy, after all.
Nothing sells like controversy.
Nothing sells like customer confidence.
Nothing sells like Hawaii.
Nothing sells like money.
Nothing sells like photography.
Nothing sells like pictures.
Nothing sells like pure venom.
Nothing sells like success, so expect young Olympic hopefuls to want the futuristic swimsuits too.
Nothing sells like success.
Nothing sells more than an artist whose work gets banned.
Nothing sells off.
Nothing sells products and services like good comments from past customers.
Nothing sells the book to reviewers, chains, and wholesalers like the book.
Nothing sends a bigger shock wave through an organization than the unexpected line review.
Nothing sends a message of romance like the colors red and pink.
Nothing sends a worse message than a poorly tailored jacket.
Nothing sends shock waves through a parent's system like a call from theschool nurse.
Nothing sends the message of ease and relaxation throughout the body like a good deep breath.
Nothing sends users away more quickly than an empty chat area.
Nothing sent here is sent to the rest of the list membership.
Nothing separates contenders from pretenders quite like a razor's edge.
Nothing separates more than that.
Nothing separates the generations more than music.
Nothing serves a leaders better than a knack for narrative.
Nothing serves as diligently in the war against disease as the skin that covers our bodies.
Nothing serves the deepest human needs better than the church.
Nothing serves to further.
Nothing Set rs.
Nothing sets a person so much out of the devil's reach as humility.
Nothing sets a romantic mood like soft candlelight.
Nothing sets off a fine painting like a handsome, carefully selected, and well-crafted frame.
Nothing sets off a house and landscaping better than a well-tended lawn.
Nothing sets off a red flag faster than a history of late payments.
Nothing Sets the current site number.
Nothing sets the focus for the picture as clearly as fasting and prayer.
Nothing sets the heart ablaze like fresh vistas of truth.
Nothing sets the hunter's pulse to racing like the sight of game.
Nothing sets the mood quite like a great vampire soundtrack or score.
Nothing sets the tone of a home carpentry job more than measuring correctly.
Nothing sets up a romantic evening like pulling a nearly dead person out of a river.
Nothing sets up good scoring like a well-hit drive.
Nothing settles a boy down like grad school, though.
Nothing shakes people in the same way.
Nothing shakes their conviction that right is right and that left is evil.
Nothing shapes the mind of children like the influence of the parent.
Nothing sharpens decision-making skills like experience.
Nothing sharpens the awareness of a situation like the sight of the gallows.
Nothing shatters a good first impression faster than work that appears carelessly done.
Nothing shatters the illusion of our own decency quite like the intimacy of marriage.
Nothing shortcircuits an assignment quicker than a dead battery.
Nothing shouts amateur as loudly.
Nothing shouts here but everything is singing in harmony.
Nothing shouts image like a balloon.
Nothing shouts image like an airship or balloon.
Nothing shown here is for sale.
Nothing shows a lack of faith, trust, and integrity than drug testing.
Nothing shows an utter disregard for human life more than taking a life while driving drunk.
Nothing shows and it is a very painless surgery which is done as an outpatient.
Nothing shows more powerfully the duty of every man to look after the needs of others.
Nothing shows off a super model like tight fittings, a smooth finish and minimum cosmetics.
Nothing shows on the console though.
Nothing shows on the outside.
Nothing shows otherwise.
Nothing shows player interest to a retailer like customers buying the product.
Nothing shows progress as much as brick and mortar.
Nothing shows that jury waiver was discussed at any time.
Nothing shows that more than their homepages.
Nothing shows that the scene has changed, it's only that the skiers are out of the shot.
Nothing shows the benefits of American civil justice better.
Nothing shows the character of a country like pictures.
Nothing shows the difference between a dominant team and a good team like margin of victory.
Nothing shows the fullness and freedom of the human soul more than love.
Nothing shows the hurt, Nothing shows the misery.
Nothing shows the loss of stability and power caused by pronation more dramatically than skating.
Nothing shows their craftsmanship and versatility more than the art of their jewellery.
Nothing shows up as transparent.
Nothing shows up in our error logs here.
Nothing shows up in the server error log, however.
Nothing shows up on tests.
Nothing shows up on the scans but the feeling of nausea and vertigo are intense.
Nothing shows up the limitations of the keyboard better.
Nothing shows up.
Nothing shuts a kid up faster than criticizing their beliefs and opinions too quickly or harshly.
Nothing shuts down an unsuitable proposal faster than asking for it in writing.
Nothing shuts down dialogue and the freedom of debate more quickly than labelling.
Nothing signals a dead church quicker than an outdated calendar.
Nothing signals the advent of autumn better than the ever-present chrysanthemum.
Nothing signals the beginning of spring as vibrantly as the golden blooms of daffodils.
Nothing signals the start of summer like a bountiful harvest of fresh, homegrown courgettes.
Nothing signifies the rise and fall of a team more than their national TV appearances.
Nothing silences guns like the prospect of no victory.
Nothing simply falls straight down to the ground.
Nothing simply happens by a stroke of luck or chance.
Nothing sinks a business faster than excess spending.
Nothing sinks Into their ears.
Nothing sinks people faster in their careers than arrogance.
Nothing sits idle here.
Nothing sits still in our industry.
Nothing slapdash there.
Nothing slides through complexity so easily as a narrow mind.
Nothing slips off the bottom or top as the pages are scrolled.
Nothing slips through the cracks.
Nothing slows a project down like having to run to the hardware store in the middle.
Nothing slows down the class more than an unprepared student.
Nothing slows down traffic like a highly visible police presence.
Nothing slows prep work like a dull knife.
Nothing slows the recuperation process like rushing it.
Nothing smells bad and the shower is free of the gook of which showers are so infrequently devoid.
Nothing smells better or tastes better than a loaf of bread right out of the oven.
Nothing smells better than bread baking in the oven.
Nothing smells better than cooking over a mesquite fire.
Nothing smells better than fresh air.
Nothing smells better than fresh baked goods during The Holiday Season.
Nothing smells better than homemade bread.
Nothing smells better than that.
Nothing smells of anything.
Nothing smells of smoke.
Nothing smells quite as sublime as a fresh quince.
Nothing smells quite as wonderful as bread baking in the oven.
Nothing smells quite like a burned book.
Nothing snuffs out conversation faster than disregard, rudeness, or indifference.
Nothing so befits America as beginning again.
Nothing so changes one's glory into shame as sin.
Nothing so connects one with nature like digging bare hands in warm dirt.
Nothing so darkens the mental eyes as anger and rage.
Nothing so dates a man as decrying the younger generation.
Nothing so dates a man as to decry the younger generation.
Nothing so demonstrates the spiritual person as their treatment of someone else s sin.
Nothing so divides a society as efforts to prescribe moral or religious norms.
Nothing so energizes a cause more than fresh minds that have been set on fire.
Nothing so fixes it in the memory or gives such a grasp of it to the understanding.
Nothing so hardens the heart of man as a barren familiarity with sacred things.
Nothing so hardens the heart of man as a sterile familiarity with sacred things.
Nothing so heals the broken spirit of man than that of simply loving and being loved.
Nothing so holds the world together as oil.
Nothing so intrigues young people as prohibition and censorship.
Nothing so limits liberty as a total absence of money.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits .
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
Nothing so protects error as an absence of readers or understanding.
Nothing so sets off an aged face like the crown of silver.
Nothing so tests the heart as conscious patience.
Nothing so undermines the marital sexual bond as does pornography.
Nothing sobers up a drinker except time.
Nothing softens female delicacy so much as knowledge.
Nothing softens the blows of defeat more than praising the competition.
Nothing solves a field mouse problem like a hungry cat.
Nothing solves everything.
Nothing solves problems like persistence.
Nothing solves problems like winning.
Nothing soothes the body more after a tough day on the slopes.
Nothing soothes the cries.
Nothing soothes the mind at home or work better than Spanish music.
Nothing soothes the spirit like the soft, contented quack of a happy cat.
Nothing sorts out memories from ordinary moments.
Nothing sound everyone enter no sixteen also instrument awaked among an broncos helmets.
Nothing sounds as lifelike as a good horn system.
Nothing sounds better than one's own name.
Nothing sounds especially bad, but once again, no boundaries are broken either.
Nothing sounds familiar at all.
Nothing sounds full.
Nothing sounds good.
Nothing sounds like a jail door closing.
Nothing sounds like a wood bat solidly hitting a baseball.
Nothing sounds like metal on record or cassette.
Nothing sounds like that now.
Nothing sounds or plays better than a fine wood clarinet.
Nothing sounds out of place or silly - just the sounds of basketball.
Nothing sounds particularly blurry or bland sonically.
Nothing sounds particularly evil in that definition.
Nothing sounds retro in any way.
Nothing sounds right.
Nothing sounds simpler or proves more difficult than paying attention to the life of a congregation.
Nothing sounds so good to the girl back home as a real lively college song.
Nothing sounds worse than some blowhard that has all the answers, regardless of the question.
Nothing sours a professional relationship faster than an unpaid bill.
Nothing sparkles like a freshly rechromed bumper.
Nothing sparks a soul in a parakeet or a dog.
Nothing sparks controversy in the gaming world the way revisions to a classic series do.
Nothing speaks Africa like a lion on the savanna and an acacia tree.
Nothing speaks better about art than the paintings themselves.
Nothing speaks better for a business than their customers.
Nothing speaks better for a community than the connectedness of neighbors helping neighbors.
Nothing speaks better of a restoration shop's quality than samples of finished work.
Nothing speaks better of our custom work than hearing straight from the horse's mouth.
Nothing speaks like money.
Nothing speaks louder than a good work product.
Nothing speaks louder than a history of drunk driving offenses.
Nothing speaks louder than a reference from a satisfied customer.
Nothing speaks louder than actions and results.
Nothing speaks louder than examples.
Nothing speaks louder than integrity.
Nothing speaks louder than personal experience.
Nothing speaks louder than shaking hands, sharing a joke and a plate of chicken fingers.
Nothing speaks louder than success.
Nothing speaks louder than the sound of a wallet snapping shut.
Nothing speaks louder to a land manager than a huge, organized group of rabid voters.
Nothing speaks louder to a potential buyer than a bold display.
Nothing speaks louder to producers and distributors.
Nothing speaks louder to prospective students than the strong endorsement of our graduates.
Nothing speaks more clearly of the island's maritime history than the two standing lighthouses.
Nothing speaks more directly of a people than the food they eat.
Nothing speaks more truth.
Nothing speaks of the allure and romance of Hawaii more than the hula-hula girl.
Nothing speaks quite so eloquently, and yet, so plainly as good music.
Nothing speaks romance more intensely than poetry.
Nothing speaks to dessert lovers like a little bit of chocolate.
Nothing speaks to our children more powerfully than our example.
Nothing speaks to the heart like a lovely ballad.
Nothing specifically indicates ferrets by common name or taxonomic classification.
Nothing speeds an entrepreneur's pulse faster than the prospect of new money.
Nothing speeds it up.
Nothing speeds technology faster than a good 'corporate war' with lots of 'money bombs'.
Nothing speeds up the liver.
Nothing spell yellow jackets apparel on a mass until they notice our tear without put.
Nothing spend everyone is a depth since rock struck near whatever betting on basketball.
Nothing spices a sport like a fierce, unrelenting rivalry.
Nothing spices up a wild-game entr e like the appropriate side dish.
Nothing spikes sales like death.
Nothing spoils a carefully prepared breakfast like the cracking of a changeling egg.
Nothing spoils a good class quicker that waiting until the last minute to register.
Nothing spoils a good cynical argument faster than changing the subject.
Nothing spoils a good party like a genius.
Nothing spoils a photo more than faint unrecognizable smears on it.
Nothing spoils a romance so much as a sense of humour in the woman.
Nothing spoils even the best villains like overuse.
Nothing spoils fun like finding out it builds character.
Nothing spoils romance more than tasteless cuisine.
Nothing spoils romance so much as a sense of humor in the woman.
Nothing spoils surf faster.
Nothing spoils the enjoyment of a good car like interior damage.
Nothing spoils the joy of riding faster than being over-mounted.
Nothing spoils the outdoors like a poor night's rest.
Nothing spoils the romantic mood like occult objects in a woman's room.
Nothing spoils the sense of immersion more than a bug.
Nothing spoils the taste of peanut butter like unrequited love.
Nothing spreads as evenly.
Nothing spreads faster than a yawn.
Nothing spreads news faster than the baseball grapevine.
Nothing spreads other people's problems like water.
Nothing springs from character and everything from situation.
Nothing springs spontaneously from the computer itself.
Nothing springs to mind right now.
Nothing springs to mind to compare it to.
Nothing springs to mind.
Nothing sprouts, it just becomes a liquid goo.
Nothing spurs demand more effectively than the threat of cutting off supply.
Nothing squelches sexual ardor like repetitive moans and outcries.
Nothing squelches someone's passion like criticism and negativity.
Nothing stale about it.
Nothing standing against the heavens is an island.
Nothing stands alone.
Nothing stands as a law by itself.
Nothing stands between any two points.
Nothing stands between their customers and their product.
Nothing stands forever.
Nothing stands in our way.
Nothing stands in the way but cultural inertia.
Nothing stands in the way of a new departure.
Nothing stands in the way of completing the task.
Nothing stands in the way of getting there.
Nothing stands in the way of the mighty Dragons.
Nothing stands in the way.
Nothing stands more squarely in the path of democratic progress.
Nothing stands out about the sounds of the game, which is actually a good thing.
Nothing stands out and it's pretty hard without any names.
Nothing stands out as a great idea.
Nothing stands out as a main course.
Nothing stands out as a main idea.
Nothing stands out as bad or good.
Nothing stands out as the culprit.
Nothing stands out from Bruno s directing.
Nothing stands out or looks out of place in the skin, which is good.
Nothing stands out particularly in our behavior.
Nothing stands out quite as much in Kansas history as the small town newspaper.
Nothing stands out right now.
Nothing stands out today.
Nothing stands out.
Nothing stands still and times change.
Nothing stands still anymore.
Nothing stands still, especially in cities.
Nothing stands still, it's a constant act of realignment.
Nothing stands still, least of all technology.
Nothing stands still.
Nothing stands to be gained by being rude and inconsiderate.
Nothing stands up better to heavy weight and corrosive soil conditions.
Nothing stands up to weather and wear better than acrylic fabric.
Nothing stands up.
Nothing starts a fight faster than when religious people get together.
Nothing Starts a FIND operation.
Nothing starts green wood.
Nothing Starts motion in the specified direction at the current rate.
Nothing starts off a calf at weaning better than when it knows how to eat out of a bunk.
Nothing starts the conversation flaring or the neurons firing like a good IQ or personality test.
Nothing starts the day off better than arriving on time.
Nothing starts without a vision.
Nothing stays a baby forever.
Nothing stays but earth chill.
Nothing stays constant.
Nothing stays down.
Nothing stays exactly the same, of course.
Nothing stays for very long, however, except movement.
Nothing stays forever save time eternal.
Nothing stays forever.
Nothing stays hidden.
Nothing stays in one form or place, and nothing behaves in an ordered manner.
Nothing stays in place on the Web.
Nothing stays in short-term memory for very long.
Nothing stays in the same place for very long.
Nothing stays in the uterus.
Nothing stays lost like a hose nozzle.
Nothing stays on the street for more than a week.
Nothing stays popular for a year.
Nothing stays private in prison.
Nothing stays static after all.
Nothing stays static at the assembly plant anymore.
Nothing stays static.
Nothing stays still that can be placed in motion, to twirl, to soar, to explode.
Nothing stays still.
Nothing stays the same - and everything can change.
Nothing stays the same .
Nothing stays the same and economic reform has been the driving force.
Nothing stays the same except the presence of cycle upon cycle of change.
Nothing stays the same for long.
Nothing stays the same for to long.
Nothing stays the same for very long.
Nothing stays the same forever.
Nothing stays the same from one day to the next, or from hour to hour.
Nothing stays the same here except for the watchingness.
Nothing stays the same in health care.
Nothing stays the same in nature.
Nothing stays the same in perpetuity.
Nothing stays the same, and that includes the housing market.
Nothing stays the same, especially in business.
Nothing stays the same, especially the dynamics of people.
Nothing stays the same, everything changes.
Nothing stays the same, nothing lasts forever.
Nothing stays the same.
Nothing Stays the Same.
Nothing stays with a person longer than an experience or sample.
Nothing stickes faster ty vs, as appeares.
Nothing sticks on in a child s memory more than an outing with the family.
Nothing sticks out as especially creative, unfortunately.
Nothing sticks out.
Nothing stifles a deal faster than failure to relieve a buyer's fears promptly.
Nothing stifles implementation like unrealistic goals.
Nothing stigmatizes sin and normalizes love like the Good Book.
Nothing stimulates creativity and innovation like knowledge.
Nothing stimulates economic circulation quite like the little guy having more disposable income.
Nothing stimulates the imagination like a perceived slight.
Nothing stings more sharply than the loss of money.
Nothing stinks like a pile of unpublished writing.
Nothing stinks on their latest album.
Nothing stinks up a movie screen quite like adapting a video game.
Nothing stinks up a room better than a premium see-gar.
Nothing stirs a person like fresh baked bread.
Nothing stirs emotions like a mile of deep sand.
Nothing stirs except dust and packs of wild dogs.
Nothing stirs the appetite more.
Nothing stirs the heart of a sea angler more than the sound of a bait run by a shark.
Nothing stirs the imagination like finding part of a shipwreck.
Nothing stirs the imagination like the Mediterranean.
Nothing stirs the lush native growth.
Nothing stirs the media's senses more than a good religious scandal.
Nothing stirs the smoldering embers of lust better than sudden singlehood.
Nothing stirs the soul like money.
Nothing stirs up bile in a system zealot than to be shown the truth.
Nothing stirs up emotion more than a good election.
Nothing stokes the editorial engine like feedback.
Nothing stoops to the extreme, and all remain within the boundaries of good taste.
Nothing stop teenager problems unto whatever passage next it educate nothing mistake about argue.
Nothing stops a bridge player.
Nothing stops a project quicker than running out of supplies.
Nothing stops all at once.
Nothing stops anyone from describing themselves as a paramedic to the public.
Nothing stops beetles.
Nothing stops changing in the Linux world, it seems.
Nothing stops 'em.
Nothing stops fading.
Nothing stops individuals from being themselves.
Nothing stops it being introduced when there is hard evidence.
Nothing stops it except certain military and overseas situations.
Nothing stops it.
Nothing Stops it.
Nothing stops itself for very long.
Nothing stops love.
Nothing stops the click of the typewriter.
Nothing stops the diahrea.
Nothing stops the flow of capital to profit.
Nothing stops the force of roots.
Nothing stops the government from reaching out and engaging the political class in dialogue.
Nothing stops the night bombs.
Nothing stops the progress for long, however.
Nothing stops the training, which seems to continue through a hurricane.
Nothing straightens out a nasty slice quicker than a sharp dogleg to the right.
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
Nothing strengthens the immune system like minerals.
Nothing strengthens the judgement and quickens the conscience like individual responsibility.
Nothing strengthens the judgment and quickens the conscience like individual responsibility.
Nothing stretches an artist more than designing for someone else's needs.
Nothing strikes at the well-being of the family more than adultery or incest.
Nothing strikes deeper into the heart of a well-functioning democracy than voter disenfranchisement.
Nothing strikes fear into the novice more than the word intonation .
Nothing strikes more fear into the heart of a pilot than the dreaded checkride.
Nothing stymies research more than a lack of money.
Nothing submitted in electronic format needs to be in duplicate.
Nothing substitutes for a critical consciousness.
Nothing substitutes for a long obedience in the same direction, provided the Bible informs the way.
Nothing substitutes for a nice analog desk.
Nothing substitutes for a thorough knowledge of the underlying laws and regulations.
Nothing substitutes for a visit.
Nothing substitutes for books.
Nothing substitutes for experience.
Nothing substitutes for faithfulness.
Nothing substitutes for formal instruction, routine practice, and plenty of experience.
Nothing substitutes for good communication skills.
Nothing substitutes for good old fashioned human interaction.
Nothing substitutes for individual effort and determination.
Nothing substitutes for that.
Nothing substitutes for thc sacraments.
Nothing substitutes for the integrity that a handshake brings to the job.
Nothing substitutes for the parent's talking, singing and playing with the baby directly.
Nothing substitutes hard work and studying to get promoted.
Nothing subtle about it usually.
Nothing subtle about it.
Nothing subtle about that.
Nothing subtle there.
Nothing subverts more than a good and wholesome thing perverted to serve our twisted desires.
Nothing Succeeds . . .
Nothing succeeds and motivates like success.
Nothing succeeds better in the attempt to add life to a genre than to just let life happen.
Nothing succeeds for very long in breaking their concentration.
Nothing succeeds if prankishness has no part in it.
Nothing succeeds in American politics like no politics.
Nothing succeeds in motivating people more than being successful.
Nothing succeeds life true spirituality.
Nothing succeeds like a parrot.
Nothing succeeds like example.
Nothing succeeds like excess.
Nothing succeeds like getting to connect with a journalist in the flesh.
Nothing succeeds like persistance.
Nothing succeeds like persistence.
Nothing succeeds like predicting failure.
Nothing succeeds like success as they say.
Nothing succeeds like success so they say.
Nothing succeeds like success, and the same is true with bar code systems.
Nothing succeeds like success'.
Nothing succeeds like success.
Nothing succeeds like sucking seeds.
Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.
Nothing succeeds more than clarity of message delivered with total confidence.
Nothing succeeds quite like sloth.
Nothing succeeds well the first time.
Nothing succeeds without hard work.
Nothing succeeds, they say, like success.
Nothing suceeds like excess.
Nothing sucks more than a slump.
Nothing sucks more than being a professional activist.
Nothing sucks more than that.
Nothing sucks really badly.
Nothing sucks the life out of a good dragon drama better than a lame dragon.
Nothing sucks up disk space faster than video and audio files.
Nothing sucks worse than a good monkey gone bad.
Nothing sucks worse than being sniped two seconds before a close.
Nothing suffers from free discussion but ignorance and error .
Nothing suggest major leaugue baseball hat amid an nose either it fly that rank except grind.
Nothing suggestive what so ever, secret cams, bathroom or hidden cams.
Nothing suggests a pattern of increase.
Nothing suggests itself.
Nothing suggests that green tea cures prostate cancer.
Nothing suggests that it was artificially colored.
Nothing suggests that leadership gifts are restricted to men.
Nothing suggests that the process of removing sub-trees creates a valid document.
Nothing suggests that.
Nothing suggests the child acted at defendant's request.
Nothing suggests the legislature had that odd purpose in mind.
Nothing suits a game better than music that sets a pace, appropriate to the game's theme and design.
Nothing supersedes their passion for par.
Nothing supplies false prophets with followers so much as spiritual sloth under a clock of humility.
Nothing surpasses a tweed for a general wear or traveling gown, or regular tailor-made suit.
Nothing surpasses the absolute beauty and magnificence of the Great Barrier Reef .
Nothing surpasses the greatness or dignity of a human person.
Nothing surpasses the Internet for diseminating information.
Nothing surpasses the spacious beauty of the magnificent Monument Valley.
Nothing surpasses the thrill of skiing in powder.
Nothing surprises so much as the inevitable.
Nothing survives being though of.
Nothing survives being thought.
Nothing survives except name and concept.
Nothing survives except stone and charcoal and maybe some other features.
Nothing survives forever.
Nothing survives in a health science center that doesn t generate income.
Nothing survives of a chapel which apparently stood alongside but the castle doocot survives.
Nothing sustains motivation better than results.
Nothing sweeps as clean as a new broom, and no broom is as good as a natural broom corn straw broom.
Nothing sweeps better.
Nothing sweetens the package of friendship like a bunch of crisp, non-sequential dollar bills.
Nothing symbolises the constant struggle through the millenniums against tyranny than Chechnya.
Nothing symbolizes the American dream more than owning a home.
Nothing symbolizes the hearth as the heart of the home as much as a traditional wood stove.
Nothing symbolizes the rapacious broker like churning.
Nothing takes an inordinate amount of time or requires any special talent.
Nothing takes hold of a child like living people.
Nothing takes longer than trying to remove saw marks.
Nothing takes longer to deliver than a ticking package.
Nothing takes more human life than abortion.
Nothing takes more human life.
Nothing takes more time than repeatedly writing out addresses on postcards.
Nothing takes off the mask more effectively than being vulnerable.
Nothing takes one so much unawares as other people's anger.
Nothing takes place without a reason.
Nothing takes precedence over that talk.
Nothing takes precedence over that.
Nothing takes precedence.
Nothing takes precedent over our country's security.
Nothing takes second place to the Torah .
Nothing takes that away.
Nothing takes the edge off a sweltering summer day like a scoop of delicious ice cream.
Nothing takes the fun out of a day quite as well as a drenching rain, so bring a good rainsuit.
Nothing takes the joy out of a morning run quicker than a discovery like that.
Nothing takes the place of a consultation with a physician, a health history, and a physical exam.
Nothing takes the place of a good quality balanced dog food, or puppy food for young dogs.
Nothing takes the place of a live demonstration.
Nothing takes the place of being there.
Nothing takes the place of cleanliness.
Nothing takes the place of consistent hard work throughout the semester.
Nothing takes the place of curling up in bed with a book.
Nothing takes the place of direct personal contact.
Nothing takes the place of experience when it comes to providing solutions.
Nothing takes the place of good ol' rock and roll and the fun that naturally goes with it.
Nothing takes the place of good, high quality, responsive circulation.
Nothing takes the place of ongoing education, both technical and management.
Nothing takes the place of parent participation in schools.
Nothing takes the place of parental or home involvement in the life of a teenager.
Nothing takes the place of persistence.
Nothing takes the place of that.
Nothing takes the place of the excitement and immediacy of live performance.
Nothing takes the place of youth.
Nothing takes the stress of the office away like driving recklessly in a very expensive car.
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
Nothing takes the wind out of organized religion's sails so fast as compulsory attendance.
Nothing tastes as good as a cup of our fine coffee, tea or cocoa.
Nothing tastes as good as a meal cooked over an open fire.
Nothing tastes as good as being thin feels.
Nothing tastes as good as grubs. . . .
Nothing tastes as good as thin feels.
Nothing tastes as good as warm bowl of potatoes.
Nothing tastes as good.
Nothing tastes better in Spring than fresh asparagus.
Nothing tastes better in the winter than a dish of hot, canned green beans.
Nothing tastes better on a crisp winter day than a glass of fresh apple cider.
Nothing tastes better on a hot summer day than a glass of something tall, cool and refreshing.
Nothing tastes better than a cup of hot cocoa or hot cider after a cool fall day.
Nothing tastes better than a freshly baked pie.
Nothing tastes better than a freshly picked raspberry.
Nothing tastes better than a picnic on a pretty day.
Nothing tastes better than a warm muffin spread with apple, peach, pumpkin or pear butter.
Nothing tastes better than an icy cold beer.
Nothing tastes better than authentic sourdough bread.
Nothing tastes better than fresh Northern Minnesota walleye.
Nothing tastes better than freshly caught fish thrown right on the grill.
Nothing tastes better than fruits and vegetables freshly picked from the garden.
Nothing tastes better than home cooking to people and our pets.
Nothing tastes better than home-grown produce.
Nothing tastes better than homemade soups.
Nothing tastes better than tempting fruits and vegetables gathered by hand.
Nothing tastes better than the flavors of freshly grilled meat or fish.
Nothing tastes better with fruit in it.
Nothing tastes good without salt.
Nothing tastes heavy.
Nothing tastes like a ripe strawberry just picked from the plant.
Nothing tastes like fresh ground pepper.
Nothing tastes like it used to taste.
Nothing tastes like it.
Nothing tastes more refreshing on a hot summer day than a chilled slice of watermelon or cantaloupe.
Nothing tastes quite as good as a thick slice of still-warm homemade bread.
Nothing tastes quite as perfect as a juicy red tomato.
Nothing tastes quite like a long simmered pot of cannellini beans infused with rosemary.
Nothing tastes quite like unrefined sugar.
Nothing tastes so good as a cigarette.
Nothing tastes that good.
Nothing teaches a person more effectively than seeing someone else do something.
Nothing teaches as well as an aural rendition.
Nothing teaches automotive engineering like a go-cart.
Nothing teaches better than experience.
Nothing teaches better that hands- on experience.
Nothing teaches like doing.
Nothing teaches like example.
Nothing teaches like experience.
Nothing teaches like teaching.
Nothing teaches like the act of doing.
Nothing teaches more powerfully than a lawyer's life well lived.
Nothing teaches order and discipline better.
Nothing teaches our kids like honesty in our own life about our struggles.
Nothing teaches students about the realities of everyday life better than helping one's community.
Nothing teaches teenagers the value of a buck like a part-time job.
Nothing teaches the American working class except hard times and repression.
Nothing teaches the inferiority of the provinces more than the sight of Istanbul.
Nothing tears apart a family or a church like out of control language.
Nothing telegraphs the impending death-spiral of a business like a layoff.
Nothing tells a story better than pictures.
Nothing tells a story better than statistical facts.
Nothing tells or sells, informs or persuades better than photography.
Nothing tells the story more dramatically than our sons' and daughters' suicide rates.
Nothing tends more to promote health of body and soul than a spirit of gratitude and praise.
Nothing tends so much to the advancement of knowledge as the application of a new instrument.
Nothing tests a man's heart like that.
Nothing tests that faith like the political situation in Tibet.
Nothing tests the Christian worker more than a lack of response.
Nothing tests the mettle of organizers and leaders like a high-profile, hotly contested campaign.
Nothing then can remain in being when the divine activity ceases.
Nothing then can stand in the way of a successful stay in Germany. .
Nothing then happens, it is blank.
Nothing then is unchangeable but the inherent and unalienable rights of man.
Nothing there is even remotely similar to California.
Nothing there is motionless - Nothing save the airs that brood Over the magic solitude.
Nothing there is okay.
Nothing there produces garbage or is garbage.
Nothing there seems likely to change.
Nothing think nobody matter a five unless map anger of few chicken rice soups.
Nothing think nobody matter a five unless map anger of few cranberry christmas salsa.
Nothing think nobody matter a five unless map anger of few garlic bread.
Nothing think nobody matter a five unless map anger of few organic lemons.
Nothing think nobody matter a five unless map anger of few pork tenderloin recipe.
Nothing though comes close to beaing as beautiful as the people it represents.
Nothing threatens a society more than barbaric criminals running amok.
Nothing threatens that objective more than visible signs of conflict and uncertainty.
Nothing threatens the future of the world more than the uncontrolled growth of our species.
Nothing threatens the journey in the maze, but a whispering rose spitting the scent of fear.
Nothing thrills the veggie lover more than a salad with ingredients picked right from the garden.
Nothing throttles independence like a corporate job and the feeling of being a rat in a maze.
Nothing throws off prospects like a logo that's hard to figure out.
Nothing throws teams for a loop more than injuries to All-Stars.
Nothing tickles a journalist more than being first to report disaster.
Nothing tickles a young child more than an interesting bank.
Nothing tickles the curiosity more than religion.
Nothing ticks off a reporter more than a PR pro who hasn t done the homework.
Nothing ties it together.
Nothing ties together a rhythm section like a great piano player.
Nothing tires the men so much as hanging around a camp, waiting for the word to start.
Nothing too mean about that.
Nothing tops a stiff wall of cabbage and the deeper the better.
Nothing tops graduating from college.
Nothing tops the instantaneous excitement of the home run.
Nothing touches and sparks emotions like the issue of diversity.
Nothing touches Be.
Nothing touches Halo graphically.
Nothing touches it.
Nothing touches more disciplines and levels in an organization.
Nothing touches one's soul more than their songs in the dark.
Nothing touches that.
Nothing touches the car at the finish line.
Nothing touches the derailleur tube.
Nothing touches the pain nor the fatigue.
Nothing touches the skin.
Nothing touches the tissue but a beam of light.
Nothing transforms a perfectly mature adult into a babbling, cooing fool faster than a baby.
Nothing transforms a room to a quick, fresh look like paint.
Nothing transforms the environment more quickly, or more magically, than snow.
Nothing travels above it, only the woods.
Nothing travels faster than a bouncing check.
Nothing travels faster than an idea whose time has come.
Nothing travels faster than it and the motion of objects is calculated relative to it.
Nothing travels faster than light energy.
Nothing travels faster, establishing light as the ultimate speed limit.
Nothing travels faster.
Nothing trickles down to the working class.
Nothing trolls like a four-stroke.
Nothing truly beats learning the feel of the song, like playing along with it.
Nothing truly comes off the shelf in packaged applications for the enterprise.
Nothing truly dies.
Nothing truly is better than love, nothing sweeter than holy charity.
Nothing truly matches the power, flexibility, and raw speed of a dedicated server solution.
Nothing Turn it on and turn it off a few times.
Nothing turns a guy on more than two hardup babes going at it.
Nothing turns a legislator off faster than a purely emotional argument.
Nothing turns a potato on more than dirt.
Nothing turns a reader off of a story faster than running across an illegible section of text.
Nothing turns a Web visitor off faster than waiting for large files to download.
Nothing turns a woman on like a guy with a cool job.
Nothing turns an audience off like the thought that the writers are struggling.
Nothing turns an employer's head more than active leadership training.
Nothing turns away customers like an improperly wiped ass.
Nothing turns browsers off of a site like a description of an event that took place long, long ago.
Nothing turns inside.
Nothing turns off a customer like an empty building with no work going on.
Nothing turns off a job-seeker more than an interminable interview cycle.
Nothing turns off a reader faster than long dull columns of gray type.
Nothing turns off a Virgo faster than dirt or mess.
Nothing turns off a visitor more than stale, outdated information.
Nothing turns off a web surfer as fast as images that are slow to load.
Nothing turns off an interviewer quicker than a five-minute monologue.
Nothing turns off hiring managers more than a candidate with a negative attitude.
Nothing turns off new visitors more then a page with forty slow loading banners and no real content.
Nothing turns off sexual pleasure faster than nervous chatter.
Nothing turns off the viewer more than stale or outdated information.
Nothing turns off users quite like sending e-mails into a black hole.
Nothing turns one's face green quicker than the fear of the unknown.
Nothing turns out as planned, of course.
Nothing turns out as planned.
Nothing turns out the way it was planned.
Nothing turns people off faster than blatant self serving commercials.
Nothing turns people off faster than having their time wasted.
Nothing turns people off faster than the deafening tones of hypocrisy.
Nothing turns recruiters off faster.
Nothing turns users away from a web site like inaccurate information and broken links.
Nothing typifies the monumental changes in Israel more than kibbutz life today.
Nothing undermines a good manuscript more than production errors.
Nothing undermines a legitimate negotiation more quickly than cheating or lying.
Nothing undermines a prescribed course of action more profoundly than a flawed diagnosis.
Nothing undermines a relationship faster than a lack of communication, suspicion, and distrust.
Nothing undermines Christian missions more than skepticism about Scripture.
Nothing undermines morale like rewarding the wrong behavior.
Nothing undermines public confidence in sentencing more than inconsistency or disparity.
Nothing undermines the credibility of a site quite like such an abrupt dead end.
Nothing undermines the credibility of the sweet science more.
Nothing underscores that more than the Spurs' arena predicament.
Nothing undoes a confession like self righteous indignation.
Nothing unifies a nation faster than a common enemy.
Nothing unifies the songs.
Nothing unifies the spirit in people like music and fun events.
Nothing unites a couple better than to have a common enemy.
Nothing unites people as effectively as opposition to other people.
Nothing unites people better than fear.
Nothing unites the common energy of high potential talent as a shared Vision.
Nothing unites the English like war.
Nothing untoward happens to the family but they are very shaken by the experience.
Nothing uploads to that site via ftp.
Nothing upsets a banker more than surprises.
Nothing upsets a client more than an analysis of a problem with no answers.
Nothing upsets a job candidate like a presumptuous interviewer, and rightly so.
Nothing upsets the teachers' unions like being held accountable for results.
Nothing uses up a staff officer's time more quickly than writing memoranda.
Nothing vanishes .
Nothing vanishes forever.
Nothing Vanishes Without a Trace .
Nothing Vanishes Without a Trace.
Nothing varies more between parcels than the ability to support septic systems.
Nothing vibrates in space.
Nothing wake bridal hair styles under the brush also they love someone progress out knew.
Nothing wakes up an editor like a lot of negative letters.
Nothing wants to die.
Nothing warms better on a blustery winter day or refreshes more in the heat of a summer evening.
Nothing warms our hearts more than hearing stories about feng shui really helping our readers.
Nothing warms the heart like a good switch.
Nothing warms the heart like a rich movie star making fun of the poor.
Nothing warms the heart like the glow of a candle.
Nothing warms the heart more than images of adorable little babies.
Nothing warms the heart of a cold-blooded killer like hot lead.
Nothing warms the heart of an adult more than seeing a child curled up with a good book.
Nothing warms the heart so than aromatic blossoms filling the aire.
Nothing warms the heart, criminal or otherwise, like forgiveness.
Nothing warms the hearts of Hollywood executives more than the ringing of box office cash registers.
Nothing warms up a room, or gives it more character than a quilt.
Nothing wastes a person's time and saps their energy more than a long, unfocused meeting.
Nothing wastes a producer's money faster than inefficient or haphazard planning.
Nothing wastes more energy than worrying - The longer a problem is carried, the heavier it gets.
Nothing wastes more energy than worrying.
Nothing wastes more energy, than worrying.
Nothing wastes time more than playing catch-up.
Nothing waxes or wanes.
Nothing weakens the truth more than stretching it.
Nothing weakens the truth more than twisting it.
Nothing weakens writing, especially Christian writing, more than the failure to name names.
Nothing wears on the human soul like waiting.
Nothing weighs more heavily on a parent's mind than the well-being of a child in the care of others.
Nothing whatsoever can justify the death of such a great number of people.
Nothing whatsoever comes to be whether from itself or from another.
Nothing whatsoever happens.
Nothing whatsoever is believable from choppy violent beginning to explosive violent end.
Nothing whatsoever is known about the cumulative or long-term effects of using iron weapons.
Nothing whatsoever is said about two resurrections.
Nothing whatsoever is to be removed.
Nothing whatsoever remains fixed even for two consecutive moments, least of all the human psyche.
Nothing widens the eyes of fans or the smiles of marketers like good racing.
Nothing wins in the end except death.
Nothing wins over customers more than tasting a great new flavor or variety.
Nothing wins the attention of high school students like humor.
Nothing wishes to grow.
Nothing works - absolutely nothing works.
Nothing works all of the time.
Nothing works all the time, everything works some of the time.
Nothing works all the time.
Nothing works alone.
Nothing works anymore it seems.
Nothing works anymore, from the regulatory to the legislative process.
Nothing works anymore.
Nothing works anyway.
Nothing works as well as a springform pan, when it comes to baking cheesecakes.
Nothing works as well as cards.
Nothing works better and there are NO side effects.
Nothing works better as telecommunication than images of products.
Nothing works better for insect, flea or mosquito bites, and the bites of certain reptiles.
Nothing works better for memorable fiction than strong characters with flaws.
Nothing works better for mixing a multitude of different preparations or for making sauces or gravy.
Nothing works better for quick height changes at concerts, shooting children, etc.
Nothing works better for school crossings.
Nothing works better for wax removal and finish quality.
Nothing works better or faster to get new ideas across, or entertains more, than storytelling.
Nothing works better or faster.
Nothing works better than a cane pole with a very small bobber.
Nothing works better than a chapter visit.
Nothing works better than a forefinger for getting just the right coverage.
Nothing works better than anything else all the time.
Nothing works better than digging with the excavator and hauling dirt away with the loader.
Nothing works better than hearing their voices.
Nothing works better than hearing what a good time a friend had.
Nothing works better than live shad for big redfish.
Nothing works better than masking tape to connect all the cups to the Ghetto Hub.
Nothing works better than pictures.
Nothing works better than the dingas hat and the banjo minnow.
Nothing works better than the personal phone call.
Nothing works better then a personal recommendation from a trusted individual.
Nothing works better to prevent flat tires.
Nothing works better to reduce anxiety and nervous tension than a good physical workout.
Nothing works better to remove liver toxins and restore optimum liver function.
Nothing works better.
Nothing works consistently.
Nothing works every time and the same can be said about divergence.
Nothing works every time.
Nothing works everywhere.
Nothing works except time.
Nothing works except turning the computer off and restarting.
Nothing works faster for control for lawn grubs.
Nothing works faster, safer or better.
Nothing works for every case.
Nothing works for every single person.
Nothing works for everyone and creatine is apparently no exception.
Nothing works for everyone.
Nothing works for long, though, and inevitably there is a blowup of some sort.
Nothing works for long.
Nothing works for more than a day or two.
Nothing works for squirrel removal like live trapping.
Nothing works for very long around here.
Nothing works for very long.
Nothing works forever.
Nothing works harder against bacteria.
Nothing works here until everything works.
Nothing works if the foundation is dishonest or corrupt.
Nothing works in business without being in integrity to our customers and sales force.
Nothing works it just shows the error message.
Nothing works like a direct marketing campaign.
Nothing works like it used to.
Nothing works like it.
Nothing works like natural remedies for treating any condition, especially hair problems.
Nothing works like success to increase our confidence.
Nothing works like success.
Nothing works like targeted advertising.
Nothing works like video to show how to do it.
Nothing works like video.
Nothing works likes controversy.
Nothing works long-term in politics but love.
Nothing works more magically than a good laugh to relieve tension.
Nothing works out.
Nothing works particularly, but everyone carries on bravely.
Nothing works perfectly together.
Nothing works perfectly.
Nothing works quicker or more effectively.
Nothing works quite as well as a handwritten note or personal card.
Nothing works quite like that.
Nothing works quite right here.
Nothing works quite so well to screw with society than to be courteous.
Nothing works quite the same in microgravity as it does on Earth.
Nothing works right and everyone is cranky.
Nothing works terribly well.
Nothing works that way.
Nothing works the same for everybody.
Nothing works today like it worked yesterday.
Nothing works unless such glue is present.
Nothing works until everything works.
Nothing works up an appetite like a hot day on the beach.
Nothing works well in the Branches.
Nothing works with respect to treating or preventing violent behavior.
Nothing works with the regime here except pressure, economic or military.
Nothing works without dedicated, qualified and caring people.
Nothing works without everybody.
Nothing works without it.
Nothing works without love, especially service to others.
Nothing works without nameserver entries.
Nothing works without their efforts.
Nothing works, everything is shabby and inefficient.
Nothing works, no advertisers and people abuse the webmaster.
Nothing works, nothing flows.
Nothing works, so keep exploring and find the stairs on the south side of the room.
Nothing works, the only way to get that pesky fan to stop is to shut the power off.
Nothing worry everything sawed all shoulder therefore sky are beneath a golf tip.
Nothing wounds the human heart more deeply than the loss of a loved one.
Nothing wrecks our buzz faster than reality from a hardware store.
Nothing written here is an attempt to aid or hinder the passage of any legislation.
Nothing written here is true.
Nothing written herein is an attempt to aid or hinder the passage of any legislation.
Nothing written is required to be submitted.
Nothing written is required.
Nothing written on the pages of men can compare.
Nothing written on tppf.org is an attempt to aid or hinder the passage of any legislation.
Nothing written since is as moving and alive with the terrors and triumphs of that time past.
Nothing yet beats cork.
Nothing yet is certain.
Nothing yet is known about the mysterious black, circular discs.
Nothing yields higher profits.
Nothing's a gift, it's all on loan.
Nothing's a greater social equalizer than pick-up basketball.
Nothing's a problem for our Kaunas manager who is an ace at driving cars too.
Nothing's a problem.
Nothing's a surprise anymore.
Nothing's a tune up.
Nothing's alive anymore.
Nothing's as attractive as a vibrant flush of creativity.
Nothing's as good as a well-cleaned tripe served with parsley.
Nothing's as it seems.
Nothing's as nasty as tepid risotto.
Nothing's as painful as the cost.
Nothing's as pretty as snow at all.
Nothing's at stake.
Nothing's bad here, just boring, which is almost worse.
Nothing's bad, it's all good.
Nothing's beautiful from every point of view.
Nothing's better than a finely-crafted novel.
Nothing's better than a friend.
Nothing's better than actually managing to cause someone to crack a smile or to burst out laughing.
Nothing's better than curling up with some hot cider next to a warm fire.
Nothing's better than free back-up on the web.
Nothing's better than going back and forth between the two extremes.
Nothing's better than homemade.
Nothing's better than kickball, except for dancing.
Nothing's better than knowing someone has enough interest to question the movement.
Nothing's better than more.
Nothing's better than reading about that couple's wackiness.
Nothing's better than water on the dunes.
Nothings brings people together better than a common enemy.
Nothing's certain about the future of the Nevada ranches.
Nothing's certain except death and taxes.
Nothing's easier or cleaner.
Nothing's easier than shock humor.
Nothing's easier to use.
Nothing's either good or bad but plain yogurt.
Nothing's ever as bad as it seems.
Nothing's ever as easy as it seems at first blush.
Nothing's ever at a regular price.
Nothing's ever clear.
Nothing's ever crystal clear.
Nothing's ever different.
Nothing's ever easy for anybody to say.
Nothing's ever easy.
Nothing's ever enough.
Nothing's ever good enough for that woman.
Nothing's ever good enough.
Nothing's ever over in Mississippi.
Nothing's ever perfect.
Nothing's ever simple in the Far East.
Nothing's ever simple, afterall.
Nothing's ever simple, simply true.
Nothing's ever simple.
Nothing's ever that pressing.
Nothing's ever the same.
Nothing's ever wrong.
Nothing's every easy around here.
Nothing's fair but everything counts.
Nothing's familiar on the streets of the old town and chaos is the currency.
Nothing's farther from the truth.
Nothing's for nothing.
Nothing's for sure and anything can still happen in the series.
Nothing's free anymore.
Nothing's free but guaranteed for a lifetime's use.
Nothing's free in Hawaii except shuffling around like a homeless person.
Nothing's free, and that's the price of control.
Nothing's free, baby.
Nothing's free, but intranet comes close.
Nothing's funny about someone who's successful.
Nothing's going on here, just have a good time.
Nothing's good enough.
Nothing's guaranteed, nothing's in stone.
Nothing's illegal down here.
Nothing's impossible in life.
Nothing's in the books.
Nothing's in writing yet from the state.
Nothing's ingested, there's no manipulation . . .
Nothing's left to give, so spouses end up snapping at each other.
Nothing's like that.
Nothing's more annoying.
Nothing's more entertaining.
Nothing's more fascinating than watching a child take that first step.
Nothing's more inspiring than some tips from the pros.
Nothing's more rewarding.
Nothing's more satisfying than finding exactly the right solution to a problem.
Nothing's more worrisome, though, than high school players skipping college completely.
Nothing's new about that in the computer industry.
Nothing's new for today.
Nothing's new here.
Nothing's normal any more.
Nothing's off limits to compound, and unlike things can live together and so on.
Nothing's off limits.
Nothing's off the table, but nothing's on it, either.
Nothing's off the table.
Nothing's off-limits, really.
Nothing's on TV, and the Phoenix is dull, dull, dull.
Nothing's on TV, and the um, holidays are coming.
Nothing's out of the ordinary.
Nothing's purtier than a lensflare in winter Over hill, over dale . . .
Nothing's quite as alluring, they say, as the sound of distant drumming.
Nothing's quite as sure as change.
Nothing's real down there.
Nothing's really comparable.
Nothing's really free, after all.
Nothing's really free, but lots of support is included.
Nothing's really there, but stay tuned.
Nothing's required at the moment except vigilance is necessary.
Nothing's right till it's all wrong.
Nothing's sadder than the corporate ladder.
Nothing's scarier to HR pros than the thought of making the wrong hiring decision.
Nothing's shocking .
Nothing's so dainty sweet as lovely melancholy.
Nothings succeeds like success .
Nothing's surprising but some things are surprisingly good.
Nothing's that bad.
Nothing's that easy Although the syntax rules are simple, they are rules.
Nothing's that fricking important.
Nothing's that important.
Nothing's the matter, dear.
Nothing's the matter.
Nothing's the same any more.
Nothing's the same anymore.
Nothing's the same.
Nothing's the way it's supposed to be.
Nothing's the way that it was.
Nothing's to fear.
Nothing's too good for our democracy.
Nothing's too good for our eggs.
Nothing's too good for the children.
Nothing's too good for the proletariat.
Nothing's too gross.
Nothing's too much trouble.
Nothing's too sleazy to omit.
Nothing's true .
Nothing's what it appears to be.
Nothing's worse than a botched job due to miscommunication or technical problems.
Nothing's worse than a bunch of bears running amok.
Nothing's worse than a clear bottom highlighting old fish food and waste.
Nothing's worse than a dad or mom in the stands screaming and swearing.
Nothing's worse than a monkey punch.
Nothing's worse than a r sum prepared with eight-point script type.
Nothing's worse than being grabbed.
Nothing's worse than being late for a meeting and getting hopelessly lost.
Nothing's worse than finding out a myth is just a myth.
Nothing's worse than getting stuck in a rut.
Nothing's worse than receiving a submission with bad grammar and misspellings.
Nothing's worse than ruining a dress even before the night has begun.
Nothing's worse than seeing a casino executive cry.
Nothing's worse than slow play.
Nothing's worse than standing there letting a hot hand go by.
Nothing's worse than the confusion of feeling lost.
Nothing's worse Than the habits picked up in college.
Nothing's worse than trying to put together something with a little Ikea-esque tool.
Nothing's wrong with a student leaving school early to earn a buck.
Nothing's wrong with big swimming pools and lifeguards who listen to descending scales.
Nothing's wrong with giving an opinion.
Nothing's wrong with it, but nothing goes particularly well, either.
Nothing's wrong with it.
Nothing's wrong with journalism that indulges memories the public already holds.
Nothing's wrong with needing a 'point and click' experience.
Nothing's wrong with pleasure.
Nothing's wrong with that, surely.
Nothing's wrong with that.
Nothing's wrong with the car.
Nothing's wrong with what homosexuals feel and express.
Nothing always comes before something.
Nothing always goes according to even the best-laid plans.
Nothing always works.
Nothingness is always there, and from it everything appears.
Nothingness is talk
Nothingness isa state.
Nothofagus species are monoecious and highly outbreeding.
Nothofagus species are the dominant large trees.
Noticable changes are on the horizon for all clients from both locations.
Noticable substructure is visible.
A notice board is a board
Notice boards positioned at an angle are often easier to read.
Many notice boards reflect discussion groups used for classes.
Notice of hearing is provided by mail to the petitioners and any attorney on record.
Notice of hearing is provided by mail to the petitioners.
Notice of hearing is published once a week for three consecutive weeks.
Notice periods vary according to the type or duration of appointment.
Notice alone is insufficient.
Notice appears in newspapers.
Notice changes each fragrant material makes when combined with other materials.
Notice check spelling before send at the bottom of the screen, click in box to turn it on.
Notice chicks on mother 's back , and small gift brought by the male .
Notice chicks on mother's back, and small gift brought by the male.
Notice combine in middle of picture .
Notice is an announcement
Notice is announcements.
Notice is attention.
Notice is reviews.
Notice is telling.
Notice isa attention.
Notice italics on the homepage name.
Notice provides clarification.
Notice pump outlets.
Notice verses one and two.
Notice warns of methyl bromide use in a local vineyard.
Notice wear marks from belt rubbing.
Notices affecting legal rights include health-care denial notices.
Notices also are more effective if they use friendly, helpful language.
Notices appear in professional journals and newsletters.
Notices appear online and remain there until the date of the event.
Notices appear online as they are entered by staff in our office.
Notices are a courtesy.
Notices are available from the campus human resources department.
Notices are different from errors.
Notices are effective when filed.
Notices are forthcoming.
Notices are in addition to other responses, ie.
Notices are out today.
Notices are sent home prior to group participation and parental permission is required.
Notices are the method of officially notifying parties.
Notices are to arrive no later than five days before monthly meeting.
Notices are to be mailed to the borrower via U.S. mail.
Notices are to be no longer than of one typewritten page.
Notices are to be placed on approved bulletin boards only.
Notices are to be sent to all members prior to the meeting.
Notices come home on a regular basis written completely in Hebrew.
Notices concerning lectio divina groups and events in Ireland are on the home page.
Notices contain preliminary airplay data and are subject to change.
Notices contain the public hearing date and preliminary assessment.
Notices continue to be sent until an item is returned or paid for.
Notices cows that are in heat.
Notices Find out who is meeting, when and where, what they are talking about and how to attend.
Notices Find the information on upcoming public meetings and forums.
Notices Following are important notices for members to view.
Notices go out in the mail approximately two to three weeks after claim is received.
Notices mean the material is already overdue.
Notices now contain additional descriptive information on records in each schedule.
Notices outlining the classmark scheme are available in each branch.
Notices posted by online form are visible to member actors immediately.
Notices provide basic support for shared access of data by various objects.
Notices provide businesses and other organizations with the opportunity to comment.
Notices provide information of interest to the public.
Notices regarding fellowships, scholarships, and other opportunities are also welcome.
Notices regarding wrong informations are always welcome.
Notices Returning books when they are due is a personal responsibility of the user.
Notices run as space permits.
Notices show up in new mailboxes daily.
Notices sur la bibliographie musicale polonaise.
Notices use terms that nobody understands.
All notices are currently open for public comment.
All notices are manual.
All notices are open for public comment.
All notices are subject to editing by the webmaster.
All notices are subject to review.
All notices are to be removed the next day following an event by the sponsoring organization.
All notices contain updated penalty and interest charges.
All notices go both to the attorney and the client.
All notices remain posted for three months.
All notices run for two issues unless advertiser contacts the editor to cancel or review.
All notices run for two issues, unless advertiser contacts the editor to cancel or review.
Any notice sent to the last reported address of the user is deemed to have been duly sent.
Every notice is reproduced separately for ease of use and convenient filing.
Many notice benefits a few months after using the product.
Many notices also mention persons living outside New York and vicinity.
Many notices report on the musical activities of the principal Spanish cities.
More notice is appreciated.
More notice means better facilities.
Most notice appears in newspapers.
Most notice provides clarification.
Most notices are for the presentation of bills.
Some notice appears on copies.
Some notice includes descriptive information.
Some notice includes follow information.
Some notice includes information.
Some notice is required.
Some notices are mandatory, such as service announcements.
Some notices are merely advisory in nature about reports that have been processed.
Some notices even indicate the veteran never had to have a policy.
Some notices list only name, age and date of death.
Noticeable attitude changes since incarceration.
Noticeable errors occur at low signal levels because of the forward bias drop of the diodes.
Most noticeable features is an internal image viewer and basic text-primitives.
Noticeable flower tops the light green foliage.
Noticeable improvement takes from two to six months.
Noticeable improvements are the spell checker and message editing functions.
Noticeable results can take several months or longer for some women.
Noticeable scars are inherent to the direct approach simply because of the incision location.
Noticeable soil remains on the trilobal fiber after vacuuming.
Noticeable vocalizations are rare.
Noticed motions require two business days notice.
Noticing juxtapositions can open additional dimensions of the plays.
Noticing signs is half the battle, keeping a record helps the veterinarian make a diagnosis.
Notifiable diseases require doctors to report cases of infection on the state and local level.
Notifiable Diseases See Infectious Diseases .
Notification services are available in English and Spanish.
Notification allows people to protect themselves from harmful chemicals.
Notification allows the department to monitor the usage and the user to be aware of the limits.
Notification also indicates the amount of the payment to be made.
Notification begins approximately one month prior to the start of their semester.
Notification can be by phone or written note.
Notification can be by phone, e-mail, fax, or even regular mail.
Notification can be by phone, fax, mail, in person or by hand delivery.
Notification can be either by e-mail or by indicator in the portal screen while they are logged in.
Notification can be either via e-mail or fax.
Notification can come at any time.
Notification Can Come in The Form of Email or Phone Call.
Notification can occur as late as one week prior to the first game.
Notification can occur once only, or repeat, for example every week.
Notification can take from one to four days to occur.
Notification Check the roofing file to find out which roofer installed the roof.
Notification comes in the form of a fax.
Notification comes only minutes before the lights go out.
Notification comes piggy-backed on other query results.
Notification comes prior to the Senior year.
Notification concerning the hearing is received well in advance.
Notification consists of the items listed below.
Notification continues and the methods are varied.
Notification continues on a rolling basis.
Notification distributes notification of 'subscribe' requests back to the moderator.
Notification enables public health authorities to trace, examine and follow up contacts.
Notification falls under crime prevention.
Notification follows immediately.
Notification generally takes place within six to eight weeks.
Notification goes to non-Fuqua students about class enrollment.
Notification has to be made in a specific document already prepared for that purpose.
Notification includes paging, e-mail, message to monitor, etc.
Notification includes stating the effective date of tenure.
Notification includes the exact date of delivery and estimated time of arrival.
Notification includes the message type, time, date, and size in seconds or pages.
Notification includes the termination of physicians and other provider types.
Notification involves passing synchronization information among cooperating threads.
Notification is a due process
Notification is a key step to prevent re-infection and further spread of STDs.
Notification is a legal requirement.
Notification is a two step process.
Notification is accomplished via E-mail.
Notification is also useful if multiple application instances are running.
Notification is appropriate when a sex offender is determined to pose a high risk to the community.
Notification is available through email and nearly all numeric and alpha-numeric paging systems.
Notification is based on a publisher-subscriber metaphor.
Notification is by e-mail when possible, otherwise by campus mail.
Notification is by e-mail, alerts on the website, or both.
Notification is by email.
Notification is by fax or email.
Notification is by fax or e-mail.
Notification is by first class mail.
Notification is by telephone unless email is specified as the preference.
Notification is complete upon mailing to the student at the student's last known address.
Notification is currently send only if sending has been failed.
Notification is delivered via e-mail with links to resumes within our system.
Notification is displayed to the screen from standard error, stderr.
Notification is done by e-mail and can be customi zed to report specific details.
Notification is done by email to all who have subscribed to a particular discussion.
Notification is done by U.S. mail.
Notification is done using an external program such as xmessage to display the headline.
Notification is done with an initial letter that is sent to victims.
Notification is done within the last three months of the year mentioned.
Notification is essential to reduce the likelihood of fratricide.
Notification is fine, automatically correcting problems is even better.
Notification is free except for long distance pagers.
Notification is given as required by law.
Notification is given as soon as the item is available.
Notification is given by mail only.
Notification is immediate.
Notification is in the newspaper.
Notification is made at recognition ceremonies for senior students.
Notification is made by phone or mail when items arrive. .
Notification is made by phone or mail when items arrive.
Notification is made by tapping the students in class and mailing letters.
Notification is made by telephone or mail when the item is available.
Notification is made either by telephone or e-mail.
Notification is made in the admission letter.
Notification is made in the spring semester for the following year.
Notification is made in writing directly to the parents or to the local business contact.
Notification is made in writing.
Notification is made on a 'rolling' basis.
Notification is made through local radio and TV stations.
Notification is made through the schools, local papers and at the library.
Notification is mailed to everyone on the original notification list.
Notification is more convenient.
Notification is necessary prior to flight.
Notification Is often a legal requirement.
Notification is often long before the high water alarm is tripped.
Notification is on a rolling basis.
Notification is only mandatory for high-risk violators.
Notification is optional.
Notification is pending on several consortium grant applications.
Notification is posted on the student bulletin boards .
Notification is primarily via phone calls or pages.
Notification is provided as required by law.
Notification is requests.
Notification is required by both signs and flyers.
Notification is required by law.
Notification is required by the mailing of the yearly informational packet.
Notification is required by the spring sales closing date designated in the special provisions.
Notification is required for all Critical and Major outages.
Notification is required for demolitions.
Notification is required for exercises comprising two or more divisions in specified locations.
Notification is required for storage of oil, waste oil, and solvents.
Notification is required in all cases of personnel contamination or suspected ingestion.
Notification is required prior to visitation.
Notification is required.
Notification is sent by a certified letter.
Notification is sent by fax and teletype.
Notification is sent immediately to the winners and announced on our website.
Notification is sent of attachments or large files.
Notification is sent out in late fall and scholarships are awarded in early spring.
Notification is sent to any appropriate agency when a student withdraws from the college.
Notification is sent to store administrator and a confirmation emailed to the customer.
Notification is sent to the complainant regarding action taken.
Notification is sent to the complainant.
Notification is sent to the department administrator that the account is closed.
Notification is sent to the family of the deceased or to the honoree acknowledging the donation.
Notification is sent to the honoree or to the family, in the case of a memorial gift.
Notification is sent to the project director.
Notification is sent to the receiver by a corresponding shipping agency.
Notification is sent to the the designated overseer in advance of the exchange date.
Notification is sent when a message is replied.
Notification is sufficient.
Notification is the process by which a data controller's details are added to the register.
Notification is the responsibility of the applicant .
Notification is the responsibility of the student.
Notification is then automatic.
Notification is through a load management signal box that the utility provides to the customer.
Notification is to be by telephone.
Notification is to be made to the police.
Notification is to be prior to the beginning of the registration period for the next fall semester.
Notification is to occur at least one week prior to the termination or transfer date.
Notification is usually by voice mail.
Notification is very important to the welfare and safety of the campus community.
Notification is via a monthly email.
Notification is vital in creating a strong and open communication channel with customers.
Notification is vital in efforts to prevent or control the spread of infection.
Notification Join the e-mail list and be automatically notified of new listings.
Notification Make a sound or display a message when turning a feature on or off.
Notification makes it possible to always be current yet conserve bandwidth and server cycles.
Notification needs to be made as early as possible to allow sufficient time for planning.
Notification needs to be made as soon as possible after the selection.
Notification needs to be made to creditor and paying agencies.
Notification occurs after the third or fourth absence.
Notification occurs approximately six weeks after the application period closes.
Notification occurs approximately six weeks to eight weeks after the application period closes.
Notification occurs on creation and deletion of overlapping route objects.
Notification occurs once per day and after all document load events have been completed.
Notification occurs six to eight weeks after receipt of completed applications.
Notification only supports one outgoing page at a time.
Notification provides the state with more control over granting practice privileges.
Notification regarding admission status is given shortly after receipt of the completed application.
Notification regarding disbursement of loan proceeds is made in several ways.
Notification regarding outstanding balances is sent on a monthly basis.
Notification takes place via pop-up alerts, email, or alphanumeric pager.
Notifications are easy to generate and receive.
Notifications are extensible.
Notifications are still necessary in various cases merely for statistical purposes.
Notifications are to be made at least two days prior to the changes occurring.
Notifications arrive via E-mail.
Notifications can come as a message or as a sound file.
Notifications can fire immediately or be batched within a particular interval.
Notifications can include court appearances, judge changes, the filing of notes, etc.
Notifications deal with both syntatic and semantic events.
Notifications go out in late spring.
Notifications go out within two days of receipt and no amount is mentioned.
Notifications involve alerts received by the help desk or support center analyst.
Notifications Lists the users and groups to notify when the current request completes.
Notifications normally take place in early spring after mid-term grades are available.
Notifications occur as service requests progress through the resolution cycle.
Notifications skip top navigation .
Notifications vary from year to year.
Notification usually occurs three weeks prior to the required reporting date.
Notification usually occurs through first-class mail.
Notification usually occurs within two weeks after the receipt of all application materials.
Notification usually takes a minimum of six weeks from receipt of an application.
Notification usually takes only a couple of weeks.
All notification is done by email.
All notifications are complete.
All notifications are final.
All notifications are in writing.
Notified bodies serve as independent test labs and perform the steps called out by directives.
Notified readers get up, get out bed.
Notifying road works a day in advance through mass media and on our homepage.
A notion is an idea
Notion isa idea.
Notion isa thought.
Notions are articles.
Notions are concepts.
Notions are fixtures.
Notions are ideas.
Notions are notions.
Notions guide careers.
Notions require expansion to equivalent formulas.
Some notions apply to energy.
Some notions are what philosophers call factive notions.
Some notions correspond to characters.
Some notions correspond to vacuums.
Some notions have applications.
Some notions have benefits.
Notional amounts are helpful in measuring the level of derivatives activity.
A notochord is a spine
Notochord isa backbone.
Notochord isa spine.
Notochords are present in the embryo of all vertebrates.
Notochords exist in both vertebrate and invertebrates.
Notochords have (part) bone cells.
Notochords have (part) corpi.
Notochords have (part) ground substances.
Notochords have (part) marrow.
Notochords have (part) mast cells.
Notochords have (part) tail bones.
Notochordal cells are devoid of both nerve supply and blood vessels.
Notoplate cells intercalate causing convergent extension.
Some notorious cheeses are included here.
Notorious explosives exhibit positive as well as negative heats of formation.
Nottingham graduates are in high demand by employers in a range of settings.
Nottingham students are active in the life of the City.
A nought is a figure
Nought can deform the human race Like to the armour's iron brace.
Nought heeding, nothing know.
Nought is nulled.
Nought isa digit.
Noun chains take some effort to untangle.
Some noun endings show archaic instrumental case in dative constructions.
Noun inflection is called declension, and the inflection of verbs is called conjugation.
Every noun node contains the number of times the word appears in the text.
A noun is a word
Noun isa word.
Nouns also change form to indicate possession or ownership.
Nouns also tend to have more syllables than do verbs.
Nouns are a major part of our labeling lives, and proper nouns are powerful magic.
Nouns are also more distiguishable than action verbs.
Nouns are also more distinguishable than action verbs.
Nouns are better than verbs .
Nouns are candidates for classes, while verbs are candidates for methods.
Nouns are common objects, body parts, etc.
Nouns are dashes of light and dark making forms emerge.
Nouns are easier for children to define and understand at a younger age.
Nouns are either masculine or feminine and are almost always derived from their cognate verbs.
Nouns are either masculine or feminine.
Nouns are either masculine, feminine, or neuter.
Nouns are faster than verbs.
Nouns are full of deceit.
Nouns are invariable for number.
Nouns are more distinguishable to a computer than action verbs.
Nouns are nominally important.
Nouns are nouns and verbs are still verbs.
Nouns are one of the eight parts of speech used in simple sentences.
Nouns are ordered into 'common nouns', and 'proper nouns'.
Nouns are part of language.
Nouns are part of nouns.
Nouns are part of sentences.
Nouns are parts of speech.
Nouns are people, places or things.
Nouns are people, places, things and ideas.
Nouns are people, places, things, and ideas.
Nouns are persons, places, or things.
Nouns are subject to the spaces within which they exist.
Nouns are subjects of sentences.
Nouns are the bits.
Nouns are the names of persons, animals, places or things.
Nouns are the names of persons, places or things.
Nouns are 'thing' words like 'table and 'chair'.
Nouns are things .
Nouns are things.
Nouns are usually longer and require supporting words for meaning.
Nouns are usually the first words which small children learn.
Nouns are words that name a person, a place, a thing, an idea, a feeling or an action.
Nouns are words that name a person, place or a thing.
Nouns are words that name a person, place, thing, or idea.
Nouns are words that name a place, a person, a thing, or an idea.
Nouns are words that name persons, places, things, or abstractions.
Nouns are words that name persons, places, things, qualities or actions.
Nouns are words that name.
Nouns become entities.
Nouns become verbs, verbs become nouns, nouns become adjectives, etc.
Nouns can also be abstract things, such as 'suffering' or 'happiness'.
Nouns can also take a possessive form to show ownership.
Nouns can be concrete or abstract.
Nouns can be objects like pens or pencils or even concepts like happiness or balance.
Nouns can be proper or common.
Nouns can be singular or plural.
Nouns can contain verbs and verbs can contain nouns.
Nouns can function as subjects, objects, and complements.
Nouns carry the bulk of the meaning in any sentence.
Nouns change their endings depending on how they are used in a sentence.
Nouns Choose the correct answer to each item.
Nouns clauses with verbs of double construction.
Nouns deal with essences and complete substances.
Nouns denoting living beings are epicene, ie.
Nouns do verb things.
Nouns end in ' - o ' .
Nouns end in -a .
Nouns end in '-o'.
Nouns ending in a vowel usually add ghyn.
Nouns ending in 'agh' usually form the plural by changing 'agh' into 'ee'.
Nouns ending in cia and gia often becomes ce and ge to keep the c and g soft sounding.
Nouns ending in -e in the singular are in each case either masculine or feminine.
Nouns ending in -ism are also usually uncountable, for example, feminism , optimism , patriotism .
Nouns expressing possession always end in -S and always contain an apostrophe in their spelling.
Nouns Find all the words that are nouns in the book.
Nouns following the numbers one and two are singular.
Nouns function as subjects, objects, objects of prepositions, objects of verbals, and as adjectives.
Nouns have (part) syllables.
Nouns have adjectives and verbs have adverbs.
Nouns imply solely a person, place, or thing.
Nouns Just Sit There.
Nouns located in prepositional phrases receive little emphasis.
Nouns name a person, place, or thing.
Nouns name a person, place, thing, idea, animal, quality, or action.
Nouns name people, places, and things.
Nouns name things and objects model things.
Nouns name things or categories and serve as subject of the verb or as the object of prepositions.
Nouns occur in two forms, primary and secondary.
Nouns refer in a collective way.
Nouns relating to behaviour, such as heroics and hysterics , are usually plural.
Nouns Remember that nouns are either feminine or masculine.
Nouns show overt gender, number, and three or four cases.
Nouns often come after a determiner.
Nouns often follow words like a, an, and the.
Nouns usually work out better as keywords.
All nouns appear in dictionaries and vocabularies in the nominative.
All nouns are either common or proper, concrete or abstract.
All nouns are just nouns.
All nouns end in o .
All nouns ending on the suffix - are feminine.
All nouns have a gender.
Every noun fits three categories.
Every noun has a gender in Spanish.
Every noun has either a masculine or feminine connotation.
Every noun is capitalized.
Every noun is either masculine, feminine or neuter.
Every noun is either masculine, feminine or neutral.
Every noun is modified at least once, so is the verb.
Many nouns can be both count and noncount nouns.
Many nouns have a special plural form if there is more than one.
Many nouns have both singular and plural forms.
Many nouns have variant forms as subject and as object.
Many nouns take the same form as the verb with which they are connected.
Many nouns undergo a vowel modification.
Most nouns are dimorphemic, while verbs, adjectives and particles tend to be monomorphemic.
Most nouns are part of the extended vocabulary.
Most nouns ending in the letter o are masculine, and most nouns ending in the letter a are feminine.
Most nouns form the plural by adding s or es.
Most nouns form their pi.
Most nouns form their plurals by adding -s.
Most nouns have one form for the singular and another for the plural .
Some nouns are already plural, such as series and data .
Some nouns are countable in other languages but uncountable in English.
Some nouns are irregular.
Some nouns can be countable or uncountable, depending on their meanings.
Some nouns can name a group acting as one unit or refer to individuals within that group.
Some nouns change spelling for the plural form.
Some nouns ending in o proceded by a consonant become plural by adding es .
Some nouns ending in -th have an irregular pronunciation of the plural form.
Some nouns have a plural form and take a plural verb.
Some nouns have a plural form but take a singular verb.
Some nouns have different forms for male and female.
Some nouns have irregular plurals.
Some nouns have no singular form.
Some nouns have plural forms only.
Some nouns have plurals that don t end in s , e.g., children .
Some nouns have the same form in singular and plural.
Some nouns have two forms in their plurals form and each form conveys a different meaning.
Some nouns however have a special form for the genitive.
Some nouns look like plurals, but they are really singular.
Some nouns possess distinct forms for the vocative and nominative cases.
Some nouns present a kind of fossilised neuter suffix, coming from the ancient Latin neuter gender.
Some nouns refer to one particular person or place.
Nourished bacteria don t grow bigger but multiply instead.
Nourishing food is important, just as sleep, relaxation, cleanliness, and exercise are important.
Nourishing life is called blessing.
Nourishing life is the Chinese term for seeking good health and long life.
Nourishment belongs to an elemental form and the nourishment of knowledges and gnoses of spirits.
Nourishment can come with plastic.
Nourishment can now reach the rest of the body.
Nourishment comes from mothers.
Nourishment comes from the aqueous, and from a ring of blood vessels around the corneal rim.
Nourishment comes in so many ways beyond just food.
Nourishment comes in two specific ways.
Nourishment depends on quality.
Nourishment is a factor here.
Nourishment is a good thing.
Nourishment is care.
Nourishment is delivered to the body in a hierarchical fashion beginning with the primary needs.
Nourishment is especially important in infants and old age.
Nourishment is food
Nourishment is food.
Nourishment is given intravenously or via a tube inserted through the nose and into the stomach.
Nourishment is ingested by smearing a soupy mixture of biologicals on the epidermis.
Nourishment is nowhere to be found.
Nourishment is one method of restoring a beach.
Nourishment is provided by the yolk sac for several weeks.
Nourishment is provided for mind, body, and soul in an atmosphere of serenity and simple beauty.
Nourishment is the process of replenishing a beach.
Nourishment isa food.
Nourishment isa nutrient.
Nourishment needs for survival.
Nourishment passes into tissue.
Nourishment provides nutrition.
Nourishment provides our body what it needs to operate.
Nourishment replaces the fuel and the materials for repairing the machinery.
Nourishment seeps through the rock.
Most nourishment comes from mothers.
Most nourishment depends on quality.
Most nourishment passes into tissue.
Most nourishment provides nutrition.
Some nourishment comes from yolks.
Nous prions bien pour vous.
Nous tenons remercier l'avance tous ceux qui poseront leur candidature.
Nouveau cuisine is especially risky in terms of foodborne illnesses.
Many nouvelle couples have tag-team jobs so that one parent is at home while the other works.
A nova is a star
Nova blames lower styrene prices and higher crude-oil feedstock costs for the declines in income.
Nova concentrates on the science of the prisoners' escape methods.
Nova isa star.
Nova lifts a trick from thermonuclear weaponry to touch off fusion.
Nova offers live audio coverage from the summit via the Net.
Nova online describe the last hours of an ice mummy.
Nova opens with portrayal of Einstein.
Nova protests the agency's evaluation of technical proposals.
Nova reserves the right to change course priorities and the entire training plan schedule.
Nova runs barefoot.
Nova strives for excellence in everything.
Nova wins instead.
Novas are located in space.
Novas are smoked salmon.
Novas are software.
Novas are stars.
Novas have (part) sections.
Novarel solution is now ready for injection.
Novartis collaboration goes beyond the supply of high quality drugs alone.
Novartis professionals are experts in many disciplines.
Novasonic company profile all products product est.
A novation is a replacement
Novation can do some amazing things.
Novation is the largest supply cost management company in health care.
Novations are human activities.
Novations are replacements.
Novawood products are durable, non-toxic and attractive.
Novel antidepressant abates depression while increasing sociability.
Novel approaches examine effects.
Novel approaches examine relative treatment effects.
Novel approaches examine treatment effects.
Novel approaches using transgenic and gene knockout animals are especially encouraged.
Most novel approaches examine relative treatment effects.
Some novel approaches receive attention.
Some novel approaches use analyses.
Some novel approaches use isotope analyses.
Some novel approaches use stable isotope analyses.
Novel arrangements allow lower re-circulation rates and better cooling tower performance.
Most novel characters do things for a reason.
Some novel components are envisaged.
Novel conceptions are merely unusual combinations.
All novel conceptions are merely unusual combinations.
Novel excerpts are acceptable as long as they stand on their own.
Novel excerpts are acceptable if self-contained.
Novel excerpts are acceptable, as long as they can stand alone as a story.
Novel excerpts are acceptable, as long as they stand on their own as fiction.
Novel excerpts are also acceptable if they are self-contained.
Novel excitement comes unexpectedly.
Novel exons reveal the origin of two visual isoforms of Drosophila .
Novel experiences spur formations of connections and slow their later die-off.
Novel experiments provide insight.
Most novel experiments provide insight.
Novel features looks at inclusion of new technologies and e-mail availability.
Novel features looks at such things as inclusion of new technology and e-mail availability.
Many novel games are possible.
Novel gene is linked to obesity, diabetes.
Novel growth processes as well as conventional epitaxial approaches are pursued.
Novel information comes in from connections with people outside one's clique.
Novel interpretations challenge tradition.
Novel length is ultimately a subjective measure.
Novel materials minimize structure warpage concerns.
Novel methods yield accurate results.
Novel methods yield results.
Most novel methods yield accurate results.
Most novel methods yield results.
Some novel methods improve predictions.
Novel mirror designs for efficient management of solar energy.
Novel objects are particularly suitable for the more intelligent species of monkey.
Novel organisms bring novel risks, as well as the possible benefits.
Novel organisms bring novel risks, however, as well as the desired benefits.
Novel peptide conjugates for tumor-specific chemotherapy.
Novel problem solving is less important than experience.
Novel project uses dredge material to restore wetland.
Novel research can take quite a long time.
Novel seeds insure novel datasets.
Novel separation processes.
Novel statistical approaches examine effects.
Novel statistical approaches examine relative treatment effects.
Novel statistical approaches examine treatment effects.
Some novel strategies help farmers.
Some novel strategies yield stories.
Novel studies are also in constant demand.
Novel synapses compensate for a neurone ablated in embryos.
Novel technologies carry disproportionate risk.
Novel technologies create unforeseen and often unique risks.
Novel therapies are very expensive to develop.
Some novel therapy affects biology.
Novel transformations become possible.
Novel treatment offers women an alternative to hysterectomy .
Novel vaccine approaches such as oral, transcutaneous, and combination vaccines.
Novel vaccines maintain immunity.
Most novel vaccines maintain immunity.
Novel viruses are marked by green asterisks.
Novel webpages are very important in attracting new or repeat visitors.
Novel writing is all decisions.
Novel writing is such a lonely pursuit.
Novel yacht is pressed to ground by air foil plank.
A novel is fiction
Novel glycolipids from renewable resources for self-assembly and nanostructures.
Novel isa fiction.
Novel leads for the development of new generations of pharmaceuticals and agrochemicals.
Novels are a collision between the reader's world and the fictional world created by the author.
Novels are able to tell vast stories.
Novels are about a time period.
Novels are about human choices and the pattern of human lives through time.
Novels are books.
Novels are conveniently downloadable as compressed files or can be viewed directly from the web.
Novels are created by authors.
Novels are created by writers.
Novels are fairly safe.
Novels are fiction.
Novels are fictional work.
Novels are fluid and open.
Novels are located in bookstores.
Novels are long.
Novels are longer than life.
Novels are often confessional in form, and they often purvey gossip.
Novels are often up to the business of creating histories.
Novels are on reserve in the Tampa campus library and available at most public libraries.
Novels are reads.
Novels are stories.
Novels are the main source but poetry and non-literary texts are acceptable as well.
Novels are there to reflect the truth in what they see, as well as to entertain.
Novels are very different.
Novels are words.
Novels avail The Desert Realm.
Novels become novels within novels.
Novels begin with an idea and are then polished by the writer's point of view.
Novels can do anything in the dark horrors of consciousness.
Novels deal with life as it is.
Novels draw on some element of imagination.
Novels featuring older women as protagonists are rare things, generally to be treasured.
Novels flow from one page to the next without any regard to where the page breaks fall.
Novels generally take a year to write.
Novels have a longer leash that allows for change.
Novels have the luxury of leaving questions unanswered.
Novels last two to three years, depending on the author.
Novels leap backward and forward in time as they so choose.
Novels Let's move on to the novels.
Novels moreover exhibit the ubiquity of moral quality inherent in consciousness.
Novels offer more freedom.
Novels offer tidibts of wisdom through dialogue of characters, descriptions, events in the story.
Novels progress by means of character and plot development, as do many video games.
Novels provide readers with something to read.
Novels Read some of the greatest stories in Italian literature.
Novels relate the changes cities go through, revive what can no longer be lived.
Novels require a lot more research.
Novels require more time than short stories.
Novels sell best.
Novels starwars book summaries and reviews.
Novels succeed or fail, experiments confirm or refute the hypothesis being tested.
Novels take a long time to finish.
Novels take months, sometimes a year or more.
Novels tend to be longer, perhaps.
Novels tend to be morc explicitly ideological than most literary species.
Novels thrive on tension and conflict.
Novels use wordy descriptions to entice the reader.
Novels usually convey more about the political world of certain countries than newspaper reporting.
Novels usually fall into categories or genres.
All novels are art.
All novels are available as online ebooks.
All novels are to be reported on orally in class.
All novels have either a plot or a story line.
Every novel features links to book excerpts, literary reviews, author bios and discussion questions.
Every novel focusing on armies or mercenaries leaves the reader with some disturbing questions.
Every novel has some culture represented.
Every novel is an ideal plane inserted into the realm of reality.
Every novel leading up to the Big Nowhere , seems experimental in contrast.
Every novel unfolds in a textual world.
Many novels are on line and many more are likely to be put on line.
Many novels romanticize head injury and portray amnesia patients in a completely unrealistic manner.
Many novels teach a great deal about a time period as their exciting stories unfold.
Most novels abound with episodes of characters conversing.
Most novels adhere to a principle of certainty.
Most novels follow the main character in the present.
Most novels partake a little of both, and do so through the imagination of place.
Most novels take nearly a year to complete.
Most novels use highly Visual forms of storytelling.
Some novels appear to be based on memories of past lives.
Some novels are also available for downloading as zip files.
Some novels are creative masterpieces.
Some novels are just about voices or a landscape.
Some novels give pretty informative accounts of the war.
Some novels have more than one excerpt.
Some novels have similarity.
Some novels make good films.
Some novels preach too much.
Some novels show successful coming to terms with death, others show less successful adaptation.
Some novels take on a life of their own and generate their own historical artifacts as time goes on.
Some novels transcend that beginning and show other homeless characters much more deeply.
A novelist is an author
Novelist analyzes the importance of humor in literature and young people's lives.
Novelist Find new books to read based on author, title, or subject along with book-related news.
Novelist helps readers of all ages find new authors and titles to read.
Novelist is a guide to fiction books.
Novelist is a readers advisory program for fiction titles.
Novelist is a source for favorite fiction authors.
Novelist is only available on campus .
Novelist is the place for recreational fiction readers to get recommendations for good books.
Novelists are artists.
Novelists are authors.
Novelists are hip.
Novelists are liars.
Novelists are manipulators, troublemakers.
Novelists are much like size queens.
Novelists are mythmakers interested in both.
Novelists are particularists.
Novelists are the most pragmatic of people.
Novelists are writers.
Novelists are, indeed, voyeurs.
Novelists call it writer's block.
Novelists can use collages as a means to visually create characters for their books.
Novelists cannibalise their offspring for plots and dialogue.
Novelists do it - good novelists.
Novelists do it all the time.
Novelists mostly sit alone in their studies.
Novelists probe motivation and intent with their insight.
Novelists reviewing novelists have obvious reasons for erring on the side of charity.
Novelists use a similar method in their stage of brainstorming.
Novelists use the technique more often, but poets use it too.
Novelists work to make an emotional impression on readers just as poets do.
Novelists write about the nostalgia of Midwest hometowns with flowing words and touching memories.
Novelists often spend many weeks researching a subject before starting to write.
All novelists traffic in the uncertainty principle, but some are more uncertain than others.
Every novelist considering an opening for a story faces the same issues.
Every novelist has, as they say in journalism, total access.
Many novelists are well-known and widely revered.
Many novelists like to downplay the autobiographical element of their work.
Most novelists still know how to tell a story.
Some novelist can write with brilliance and a fresh point of view about such familiar matters.
A novelization is a writing
Novelizations always have to be done fast.
Novell account can simply log-on with the assigned ID and password.
Novell chief is cybercrime victim.
Novell clients can send a query requesting a particular file, printer, or gateway service.
Novell consultants have the highest standards of technical knowledge, experience, and insight.
Novell customers are pleased with how they see ZENworks evolving.
Novell customers say they are ready to adapt to the changes.
Novell experts are probably aplenty, and they are called root.
Novell networks are consistent.
Novell networks are flexible, less costly, reliable, and secure.
Novell options are also available.
Novell products are good, but too buggy.
Novell products bring structure to the Internet to make it a serious business tool.
Novell products integrate well into the mixed network environments and into our security systems.
Novell representatives say the remark about the credit card theft was taken somewhat out of context.
Novell servers require supplemental software that costs hundreds of dollars.
Novell technology continues to play an important role in today's business functions.
Novell technology is Internet-aware, integrates with all our systems and supports open standards.
Novelty detection is implemented by directly ranking the likelihood.
Novelty factor is high.
Novelty items cover the walls.
Most novelty records have little redeeming value.
Novelty songs go way back.
Novelties are a dime a dozen.
Novelties can be new sports, painting, sculpturing, music, chess and being seriously in love.
Novelties vary on shipping costs.
Novelty -Dahlias with characteristics differing from any other form presentation.
Novelty is originality
Novelty is originality.
All novelties are dangerous as well in a politic as in a natural body.
Any novelty gets old fast with overexposure.
Many novelties are here as well as small items.
November has (part) calendar weeks.
November isa month.
Novgorod painting is distinguished by bright colours.
A novice is a religious person
Novice begins and continues a potentially compulsive activity because of pleasurable sensations.
Novice doubles net.
Novice hounds that require a few minutes to get under control are acceptable.
Novice is a person who's new to a job, or a position.
Novice is easy to understand, while expert is straight-forward.
Novice is for beginning debaters without previous debate experience.
Novice is for first-year rowers, and varsity is for everyone else.
Novice is for new dogs with experienced handlers.
Novice is for wusses.
Novice is more recreational and emphasizes fundamental training.
Novice points with very limited showing.
Novice views on randomness.
Novice wins at summer regattas.
Novices accurately tune their guitars without assistance.
Novices already tend to defer to computers, blaming themselves when a computer is hard to use.
Novices also can rely on books or videos.
Novices also have trouble understanding the concept of flinching.
Novices also tend to be reluctant to document problems.
Novices are advised to chew before swallowing to avoid the threat of being choked.
Novices are also welcome with the club's intention to get the new breeder off on a good start.
Novices are always welcome.
Novices are as welcome as the experienced.
Novices are attentive to low-level details.
Novices are especially welcome.
Novices are free to use any type of equipment provided they operate within their licence conditions.
Novices are least likely to be able to get the software.
Novices are more likely to experience anxiety during unfamiliar situations.
Novices are more likely to focus on surface features than on other characteristics.
Novices are more vulnerable to weather hazards than experienced and properly equipped trail users.
Novices are novices for their first year.
Novices are now able to enjoy some of the finest sea caves of the world.
Novices are often mislead into using the weak proprietary search engines supplied by ISPs.
Novices are often surprised to learn there are a number of other purple mushrooms.
Novices are people.
Novices are persons in their first year of rowing.
Novices are very welcome.
Novices are welcome as long as they enter their probation willingly.
Novices are welcome as well as experienced growers.
Novices are welcome to ask for extensive help in order to make sure that they get the details right.
Novices are welcome to attend and receive free instruction.
Novices are welcome to join in.
Novices are welcome, and so are computer geeks.
Novices are welcome.
Novices ask the question whenever the wind begins to blow and the boat is moving nicely.
Novices become old hands very quickly.
Novices benefit when long-time teachers share their rich personal experiences.
Novices can also test their skills.
Novices can apply.
Novices can be tactful in seeking assistance.
Novices can become confident gallopers by week's end.
Novices can design and create dynamic titles and courses with Quest.
Novices can do a lot to help their instructors.
Novices can easily handle the moderate sail plan.
Novices can even sign up for an interactive wine course.
Novices can explore the basics of engines, electrical systems, gears and other car parts.
Novices can find basic tutorials, and repeat visitors can click the New Postings icon to save time.
Novices can get help from experienced autocrossers in order to learn the basics.
Novices can get up to speed via a handy and comprehensive tutorial.
Novices can learn a lot from just watching a tournament.
Novices can learn about brewing and how to taste beer.
Novices can make basic apps with the wizards.
Novices can make compelling graphics with a minimum of fuss.
Novices can paddle around Long Harbour.
Novices can receive a thoughtful and thorough overview key programmatic components and issues.
Novices can ride any of the trails.
Novices can train for combat in an non-intimidating introduction to online gaming.
Novices devote two years to the study of Benedictine vows.
Novices don t ask for help for fear of seeming incompetent.
Novices enjoy a relaxing afternoon getting to know each other shortly after entrance day.
Novices get games working quicker.
Novices get online quickly.
Novices get the hang of the postures quickly and progress with regular attendance and practice.
Novices have calm waters and coral reefs to explore.
Novices have less problems after a bad shutdown or error.
Novices have the highest rate of wrist, ankle, and knee injuries.
Novices have to learn the disciplinary differences.
Novices have trouble remembering where each class begins and ends.
Novices just get so many things wrong.
Novices learn from experts and experience.
Novices learn the rules of the game, while experts are free to play and compete.
Novices move up into the courtyard on their buttocks.
Novices pick it up in under sixty seconds, although experts take a little longer.
Novices quickly graduate from training barges to racing shells.
Novices quickly learn the ropes.
Novices receive valuable advice from industry pros.
Novices require a teleology related to history.
Novices rub elbows here with world-famous experts.
Novices run in the sixth or last run group for championship events.
Novices take longer to recover than do veterans.
Novices take the parts of the chief's younger wives and dogs.
Novices take to the air in Sweden and a ham brings digital audio to the Internet.
Novices take too much, and keep bobbing to the surface like corks.
Novices tend to make statements and are then surprised when the other party disagrees and argues.
Novices tend to order mixtures of liquor and cordials.
Novices tend to rely on the hands.
Novices trust physical objects.
Novices wanting to learn are welcome.
Novices wear a white belt until they earn promotion to first dan black belt.
Novices worry about the toxic qualities of wild mushrooms.
Novices frequently undermine their credibility by trying to protect it.
Novices often comment on how easy it is to navigate the site.
Novices often find it difficult to formulate their queries in the first place.
Novices often finish low in their first several events.
Novices often make the following error.
Novices often ordain at a young age, but generally no younger than eight.
Novices often start with too much.
Novices usually begin with one disc.
All novices are welcome to attend practice and learn how to row.
Every novice knows what a simple hyperlink looks like.
Every novice needs time to develop driving skills in low-risk settings.
Many novices begin writing in their spare time.
Many novices have an aversion to rewriting, which is the first biggest mistake to make.
Many novices receive unsound advice.
Many novices worry about learning all the lines or being frightened onstage.
Many novices worry about rhythm.
Most novice hikers either forget to bring a first-aid kit, or pack an entire pharmacy.
Most novices ask lots of predictable questions which can be easily and quickly answered.
Most novices find CD-ROM easy and fun to use.
Most novices picture themselves as masters - and are content with the picture.
Most novices play the favorites, and bet OVER the total.
Most novices prepare too much material.
Most novices return either as perfect priests, or as vegetables.
Most novices use the name, most programmers use hex, and most graphic designers use rgb code.
Some novice trails collide with intermediate.
Some novices are interested only in obtaining a dog for show purposes and have no desire to breed.
Novina soils are inextensive.
Novina soils are on bottom land and low stream terraces of major stream valleys.
A novitiate is a period
Novitiate closes with the taking of vows.
Novitiate concludes with profession of temporary vows.
Novitiate follows postulancy.
Novitiate lasts for nearly two years.
Novitiates are religionists.
Novitiates are time periods.
A novocaine is a drug
Novocaine is non-toxic, and breaks down into two B vitamins in the body.
Novotex fabrics are strong, durable, light- and colour fast, attractive and cheap.
A now is a present
Nows are the subjective parts of nature.
Nowata soils have a loamy-skeletal control section.
All Nowcast pages update themselves, even movie pages.
Nowhere care be fun.
Nowhere life is sown.
Nowise reflexion magistrate farcical command vitiate archaeologist .
Some noxious chemicals are produced by development.
Some noxious compounds are produced by plants.
Noxious fumes indicate putrefying matter is homesteading in the bowels.
Some noxious fungi have pressure.
Some noxious fungi have selection pressure.
Noxious gases can seep from volatile materials.
Noxious gases pop into the atmosphere with each lethargic wave.
Noxious gasses are harmful humours that cause an imbalance in the body.
Noxious gasses emanate from the butt.
Noxious insects appear spontaneously in that impurity.
Noxious plants invade farms.
Most noxious plants invade farms.
Noxious species resemble each other.
Some noxious substances deter predators.
Noxious vapor creates health problems.
Noxious vapor creates problems.
Most noxious vapor creates health problems.
Most noxious vapor creates problems.
Noxious weeds affect everybody.
Noxious weeds affect people in many different ways .
Noxious weeds are a major concern on both public and private lands.
Noxious weeds are a nuisance in urban areas too, and in and around recreation sites.
Noxious weeds are a problem of the past, present, and future.
Noxious weeds are a serious problem on both public and private lands across the nation.
Noxious weeds are also responsible for depredating Idaho s wildlands.
Noxious weeds are an economic and environmental problem requiring intensive long-term management.
Noxious weeds are an introduced blight on our lands.
Noxious weeds are by definition difficult to control.
Noxious weeds are difficult to control and cause extraordinary negative and ecological impacts.
Noxious weeds are difficult to control, and most are very adaptable.
Noxious weeds are especially problematic weeds.
Noxious weeds are here and spreading.
Noxious weeds are highly aggressive, particularly in disturbed areas.
Noxious weeds are non-native plants introduced to North America from Europe and Asia.
Noxious weeds are non-native plants that have been introduced to Washington through human actions.
Noxious weeds are plants that pose a serious threat to agriculture and wildlife.
Noxious weeds are present in almost all reaches of the streams.
Noxious weeds can alter the hydrologic cycles along riparian areas.
Noxious weeds can be very disruptive, and have potential to take over complete plant communities.
Noxious weeds can easily establish themselves in wildland fire affected areas.
Noxious weeds can have a direct impact on land value.
Noxious weeds cause severe economic and environmental losses to occur when they become established.
Noxious weeds come from other places such as different countries or areas.
Noxious weeds continue to threaten agricultural lands and natural vegetation.
Noxious weeds diminish the habitat values for native plants and animals.
Noxious weeds establish themselves in soil disturbed by construction, travel, recreation, etc.
Noxious weeds impact our fisheries.
Noxious weeds produce seeds.
Noxious weeds provide a bounty of problems for allergy sufferers.
Noxious weeds targeted include witchweed, hydrilla, salsola, hemp, broomrape, and common crupina.
Noxious weeds threaten wildlife by displacing native forage and nesting habitat.
Noxious weeds undermine the integrity of the ecosystem.
Many noxious weeds designated for their impacts to agriculture also threaten natural areas.
Most noxious weeds produce seeds.
Some noxious weeds are poisonous to large mammals.
Some noxious weeds are poisonous, producing irritating rashes after human contact.
Some noxious weeds can be poisonous or injurious to humans, livestock, and wildlife.
Some noxious weeds have ranges.
Most noxious words hang around much longer.
Noxubee county has many small beef and dairy cattle operations, also.
A nozzle is a spout
Nozzle comes with rubber bumper.
Nozzle is adjustable to any angle.
Nozzle is plugged.
Nozzle is then firmly secured.
Nozzle isa artifact.
Nozzle moves back and forth during spray action.
Nozzle moves back and forth while emitting a refreshing spray.
Nozzles appear similar to blades, but their profiles converge near the exit.
Nozzles are available in all sizes and configurations to handle a broad range of components.
Nozzles are especially successful on vessels that are required to pull and maneuver heavy weights.
Nozzles are important for turbine engines as fuel injectors in the combustors.
Nozzles are instantly interchangeable and very little solvent is needed for clean-up.
Nozzles are part of bunsens.
Nozzles are part of gas burners.
Nozzles are part of sprinkler systems.
Nozzles are spouts.
Nozzles are the highest wear item of the systems.
Nozzles can become partially or totally clogged.
Nozzles can play an important role in drift management.
Nozzles direct the spray droplets into the air jets.
Nozzles emit mist.
Nozzles generally have either a straight bore or restricted, venturi bore.
Nozzles have (part) sections.
Nozzles have flush capability without shutting down.
Nozzles spray during use.
All nozzles give off water with emulsified air streams.
Most nozzles are part of bunsens.
Most nozzles emit mist.
Some nozzles protect workers.
Some nozzles require overlapping adjacent spray patterns.
NPK fertilizers are three-component fertilizers providing nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium.
NPL managers are like divorce attorneys.
NPL ratio pertains to the ratio of non-performing loans to total loans.
NPL sites are Superfund sites that are determined to be a priority for cleanup and remediation.
NPPR conferences occur twice yearly.
NRF funding is available.
NRF rating is, in effect, recognition from the South African and international scientific community.
NRHA information consists of lifetime earnings only.
NRL exposure is given.
NRL gloves offer excellent barrier protection against bloodborne pathogens.
NRTL recognition is valid for five years.
NSBE goal is to recruit, retain, and graduate successful engineers.
NSBE membership is open to students from all engineering disciplines.
NSBE programs emphasize the values of academic excellence, leadership and community outreach.
NSBE publications are more than just recruitment advertising tools.
NSHG members are welcome to attend.
Nslookup tools are also available on the internet, with web-based interfaces.
NSMC members can list thei qualifications or open positions at no charge.
NSMC members can receive up to five categories at no charge.
NSSC training can help.
NSTA conventions are open to all science educators, as presenters or attendees.
NSTA membership reflects the great diversity in the industry today.
NSTA presentation is given on line here .
NSValue objects are always immutable.
NTCR thermistors are used as temperature sensors and as temperature compensation resistors.
NTEU members can access the service from anywhere in Australia for the cost of a local call.
Every nth line is retrieved, then another nth line is retrieved, etc. until fully loaded.
NThis art is in the public domain.
NTK units start and stop instantly in any position and are explosion proof and wash-down safe.
More nTLD coordination is needed.
NTList performance is well proven.
Ntp protocol is a standard protocol used in the Internet for time synchronization.
NTSA firms are justly proud of their many technical people.
NTT houses is one of the first and certainly one of the most famous websites in Japan.
NU football is once again respectable, and something fans can feel good about.
Nu house is a relatively new building and is well maintained.
Nu men wear linen gowns and shorts, and carry axes and bows and arrows.
A nu is a letter
Nu am nimic de declarat.
Nu die chat nog.
Nu ezitati sa ma contactati prin posta, telefon, fax sau e-mail.
Nu ezitati sa ne contactati.
Nu fall under the specific by-laws of the respective houses with regard to house dues obligations.
Nu is absolutely beautiful, to say the least.
Nu is as strong as ever.
Nu is available.
Nu is hard to define.
Nu is indeed tough stuff.
Nu means always having a close group to help ease the hectic, sometimes confusing college life.
Nu nezinau kaip kitiems nu, bet man labai patiko.
Nu shto vamsdelali plohogo evrei.
Nu skal historien skrives . .
Nu visas inf randedatum p alla annonser.
Nus are letters.
A nuance is a meaning
Nuance accepts credit card payments only for eCampus classes.
Nuance builds voice-enabling solutions software.
Nuance collects information from our users at several different points on our websites.
Nuance depends on the voice in which the phrase is used.
Nuance follows a six-step grammar testing process to ensure the quality of the resulting product.
Nuance gives way to the dictates of the ten-second sound bite.
Nuance has more deployed systems with barge-in than any other speech vendor.
Nuance is a concept which too many organ builders gorget, especially in America.
Nuance is a leader in speech interface technology.
Nuance is an international refereed journal.
Nuance is committed to helping our partners be successful.
Nuance is in the second building on the right.
Nuance is observed to such an extent that the work's theatrical impact is sacrificed.
Nuance is one such company which still commands a fair amount of respect.
Nuance is the second building on the right.
Nuance is the third building on the left.
Nuance offers many pre-developed grammars to build a specific grammar for a customer's application.
Nuance offers several APIs for programmers to choose from.
Nuance relies on partners to assist fast growing companies who want to voice enable their business.
Nuance sells exclusively through system integrators and software developers.
Nuance tests each new grammar before certifying it for use in a deployed system.
Nuances abound and are taken seriously.
Nuances are important.
Nuances are meaning.
Nuances count for everything.
Every nuance is duplicated perfectly including the exact routes and the poured binding.
Every nuance is edited and placed exactly.
Every nuance is on the beat.
Every nuance is readily apparent, and the backing musicians sound just knockout.
A nubbin is a stub
Nubbins putters feature neoprene and suede head covers and crossline-style putter grips.
Nubian crafts are relatively few and rather primitive.
Nubian culture is a combination of Egyptian and African cultures.
Nubian goats are a domestic breed originating in Egypt and now farmed throughout the world.
Nubian goats are well known for their milk.
Most Nubian groups speak their own dialect of the Nubian language.
Nubian ibexes find shelter during winters.
Nubian jewelry is rich and various according to form, function and materials.
Nubian kings extend control over Egypt.
Nubian people threaten mass suicide if dam is built.
Nubian voting is a reflection of Black minds and their responses globally.
Nucellar cells expand to fill the space normally occupied by the embryo sac.
Nucellus consists of living parenchymatous cells.
Nuchal thickness is an ultrasound measurement of the skin on the back of the neck.
Nuchal translucency is a new, less invasive way to detect possible birth defects in early pregnancy.
Nuclear abolition provides great hope for global peace and prosperity.
Nuclear abolitionists are in a race against time.
Nuclear accidents are a standard exclusion.
Nuclear accidents can have a very long lived legacy.
Nuclear agriculture is an important branch.
Nuclear alarm is activated when radioactive contamination in one or more sectors is imminent.
Nuclear ambiguity is nothing but self-delusion, and has long ago ceased to be effective.
Nuclear annihilation is no longer a half-hour away.
Nuclear annihilation remains a possibility.
Nuclear armaments are the cause of deepest concern.
Nuclear arsenals are necessary indefinitely.
Nuclear blasts work properly on all scales.
Nuclear boats are relatively capacious, their air is clean and fresh, and they run almost silently.
Nuclear bombs are bombs.
Nuclear bombs are even worse.
Nuclear bombs are much more powerful than other kinds of bombs .
Nuclear bombs are much more powerful than other kinds of bombs.
Nuclear bombs are no solutions to the threats to the country.
Nuclear bombs are now small enough to be smuggled into the United States.
Nuclear bombs are nuclear weapons.
Nuclear bombs are poor at improving air quality.
Nuclear bombs convert energy.
Nuclear bombs convert nuclear energy.
Nuclear bombs suck a lot of dust and rocky debris into the atmosphere.
Most nuclear bombs convert nuclear energy.
Nuclear bonds store a tremendous amount of energy.
A nuclear cataract is a cataract
Nuclear cataract is the most common type of cataract, and is related to the aging process.
Nuclear cataracts reduce survival of hatchery reared lake trout.
Nuclear changes are different than chemical changes.
Nuclear chemists discover ways.
Most nuclear chemists discover ways.
Nuclear chemistry is a field that deals with changes that occur inside the atomic nucleus.
Nuclear chemistry is a unique part of chemistry where the chemical changes involve nuclei.
Nuclear chemistry is chemistry
Nuclear chemistry is the study of how subatomic particles come together and make nuclei.
Nuclear chiefs favour underground storage.
Nuclear chromatin tends to be more open, often with single, prominent nucleoli.
Nuclear clearance is mandatory.
Nuclear components exhibit better anti galling and corrosion resistance problems.
Nuclear contamination can last for longer than lifetimes.
Nuclear contamination is a global issue.
Nuclear contour varies from oval to irregular to occasionally cleaved.
Nuclear criticalities are among the most serious accidents in the nuclear industry.
Nuclear decay produces heat to drive turbines in nuclear power stations and ships.
Nuclear destruction is instant, total and irreversible.
Nuclear destruction remains the greatest threat in terms of potential harm.
Nuclear destruction remains the most significant, alarming issue of our time.
Nuclear detail is preserved regardless of the speed of decalcification.
Nuclear deterrence is a doctrine
Nuclear deterrence is deeply flawed.
Nuclear deterrence is deterrence
Nuclear deterrence is deterrence.
Nuclear deterrence is doctrines.
Nuclear deterrence is far too dangerous, and has to be abandoned.
Nuclear deterrence is indispensable for the defence and security of our country.
Nuclear deterrence is most important.
Nuclear deterrence is the bedrock of our security.
Nuclear deterrence is unaffordable.
Nuclear deterrence keeps the peace.
Nuclear deterrence prevents genuine disarmament.
Nuclear deterrence remains an essential element of our defense policy.
Nuclear deterrence remains the paramount objective of U.S. national security strategy.
Nuclear deterrence requires a conditional intention to commit a monstrously evil act.
Nuclear detonations are the most devastating of the weapons of mass destruction.
Nuclear development is hard.
Nuclear development is one such example.
Nuclear diameter is approximately twice that of background lymphocytes.
Nuclear differentiation occurs normally and homokaryons are produced.
Nuclear dimorphism has types.
Nuclear dimorphism is found in paramecium.
Most nuclear dimorphism has types.
Nuclear disarmament is a joint venture affair.
Nuclear disarmament is ahead of schedule, according to the United States.
Nuclear disarmament is an extremely important step on the road to abolish nuclear weapons forever.
Nuclear disarmament is as distant as ever.
Nuclear disarmament is difficult, slow and expensive.
Nuclear disarmament is required under international law.
Nuclear disarmament is the highest priority for disarmament negotiations.
Nuclear disarmament is the other half of the nuclear bargain.
Nuclear disarmament is the ultimate human rights issue.
Nuclear disarmament means progress towards a world in which there are no nuclear weapons.
Nuclear disarmament requires a profound change in political, military, and moral culture worldwide.
Nuclear division occurs later on to maintain normal number of nuclei.
Nuclear divisions are synchronous and the nuclei decrease in size with further divisions.
Some nuclear division takes places.
Nuclear electricity is also competitive on an international scale.
Nuclear electricity is only one case in point, though a profoundly important and dangerous one.
Nuclear energies are much higher.
Nuclear energy becomes energy.
Nuclear energy can be quite useful or violently destructive.
Nuclear energy can cause environmental problems.
Nuclear energy can make an important contribution.
Nuclear energy can play a vitally needed role in meeting future electricity needs.
Nuclear energy can provide an essentially unlimited supply of economic energy.
Nuclear energy comes from mass.
Nuclear energy comes from the strong force.
Nuclear energy comes from the tiniest building blocks of matter, the nuclei of the atoms.
Nuclear energy comes in two forms, fission and fusion.
Nuclear energy constitutes the major alternative to coal in the future for the utility industry.
Nuclear energy creates enormous risks.
Nuclear energy fails on both counts.
Nuclear energy has a very high cost and can be very economical to look for other alternatives.
Nuclear energy has also gain momentum.
Nuclear energy has effects.
Nuclear energy has harmful effects.
Nuclear energy has tremendous potential in the new market.
Nuclear energy helps keep our economy strong and our air clean.
Nuclear energy is a form of energy derived from the radioactive decay of uranium.
Nuclear energy is a great energy source for all of mankind.
Nuclear energy is a latent form of proliferation.
Nuclear energy is a popular way of generating electricity around the world.
Nuclear energy is a relatively new but very important energy source.
Nuclear energy is a way to generate power by harnessing the energy stored in the atom.
Nuclear energy is also one of the cleanest ways to produce electricity.
Nuclear energy is also one of the safest sources of energy too.
Nuclear energy is an acceptable solution for the people only if it is safe against catastrophes.
Nuclear energy is an important source of electricity in the United States-it's second only to coal.
Nuclear energy is an unforgiving technology in the middle of a densely populated area.
Nuclear energy is beneficial for the environment.
Nuclear energy is both expensive and politically unacceptable.
Nuclear energy is clean because of the large amount of energy released per fission.
Nuclear energy is clean energy.
Nuclear energy is clean, safe and cheaper than any other option.
Nuclear energy is contained within the center of the atom in a place known as the nucleus .
Nuclear energy is created by tinkering with the atom, a fundamental building block of matter.
Nuclear energy is created when atoms of uranium are split by fast-moving neutrons.
Nuclear energy is depicted as an energy source until other sources can be developed.
Nuclear energy is energy
Nuclear energy is essentially emission free.
Nuclear energy is far too expensive.
Nuclear energy is fueled by uranium, also a non-renewable resource.
Nuclear energy is humanity's best hope for the long term.
Nuclear energy is important on Earth too.
Nuclear energy is just one subset.
Nuclear energy is listed as the worst source.
Nuclear energy is literally a renewable energy source.
Nuclear energy is much cleaner than other forms of large-scale energy generation.
Nuclear energy is neither good nor bad.
Nuclear energy is no acceptable alternative.
Nuclear energy is no where near the limited resource that fossil fuels are.
Nuclear energy is one alternative to fossil fuels.
Nuclear energy is one example.
Nuclear energy is one of the cleanest sources of energy known nowadays.
Nuclear energy is one of the energy-efficient technologies proposed in the report.
Nuclear energy is one of the momentous discoveries of our times.
Nuclear energy is only one of many energy alternatives but probably the most controversial.
Nuclear energy is probably the most efficient way of creating thermo-electricity.
Nuclear energy is released by splitting the nucleus of the atom into pieces.
Nuclear energy is released by the splitting of the nucleus of an atom.
Nuclear energy is safe and necessary .
Nuclear energy is safe.
Nuclear energy is still expensive.
Nuclear energy is the cleanest type of energy that has no health consequences.
Nuclear energy is the energy in the nucleus , or core, of an atom.
Nuclear energy is the energy present in interactions among particles in an atom's nucleus.
Nuclear energy is the energy produced in the nucleus of an atom.
Nuclear energy is the energy released when nuclear reactions take place.
Nuclear energy is the most heavily subsidized form of energy of any energy source.
Nuclear energy is the only source of power in the future.
Nuclear energy is the stored potential of the nucleus of an atom .
Nuclear energy is the stored potential of the nucleus, or center, of an individual atom.
Nuclear energy is too unpopular.
Nuclear energy is uneconomical compared to other sources.
Nuclear energy is unleashed.
Nuclear energy is unthinkable to many.
Nuclear energy is used by many countries in the world.
Nuclear energy is used in what mathematicians call an existence proof.
Nuclear energy is very important for someone s safety.
Nuclear energy needs to be part of the global, clean energy mix.
Nuclear energy offers the world a clean, stable source of energy for heat, light and power.
Nuclear energy plays an important role in avoiding greenhouse gases.
Nuclear energy poses the unique threats of radioactive waste and radiation.
Nuclear energy produces electricity when tiny particles of matter are split apart.
Nuclear energy produces fewer pollutants than any other energy form.
Nuclear energy produces heat.
Nuclear energy produces twenty percent of our electricity in the United States.
Nuclear energy produces very small amounts of waste by volume.
Nuclear energy provides about one third of the country's electricity.
Nuclear energy provides for power to run cities and medical treatment to heal diseases.
Nuclear energy remains a safe, reliable, and economical source of electricity.
Nuclear energy requires a police state.
Nuclear energy threatens to maim or annihilate future generations.
Nuclear energy uses special radioactive materials to make electricity.
Most nuclear energy becomes energy.
Most nuclear energy has effects.
Most nuclear energy has harmful effects.
Most nuclear energy is made from the atoms of uranium.
Most nuclear energy produces heat.
Some nuclear energy comes from forces.
Some nuclear energy comes from strong forces.
Some nuclear energy plays roles.
Some nuclear energy produces materials.
Some nuclear energy produces radioactive materials.
Nuclear engines operate without air and consume much less fuel than do other engines.
Nuclear engineers are engineers.
Nuclear engineers are professionals.
Nuclear engineers conduct research on nuclear energy and radiation.
Nuclear engineers design and build nuclear plants.
Nuclear engineers harness the power of the atom to benefit humankind.
Nuclear engineers incorporate knowledge.
Nuclear engineers like to split atoms.
Nuclear engineers plan, design, develop, and monitor nuclear power plants.
Nuclear engineers study the hazards created by nuclear systems.
Most nuclear engineers incorporate knowledge.
Some nuclear engineers involve in designs.
Some nuclear engineers work in offices.
Nuclear engineering are engineering.
Nuclear engineering includes a lot of different sub-areas of study.
Nuclear engineering is concerned with the engineering aspects of the uses of nuclear processes.
Nuclear engineering is related to the power and the controls emphasis areas.
Nuclear envelope breaks down.
Nuclear envelope disappears.
Nuclear envelope has a double membrane.
Nuclear envelopes arise, and the chromosomes become less tightly coiled.
Nuclear envelopes form around the two new nuclei.
Some nuclear envelopes have movement.
Some nuclear envelopes have structures.
Some nuclear envelopes surround nuclei.
Some nuclear envelopes surround zygote nuclei.
Nuclear exam rivals venography for clots.
All nuclear examinations require an advance appointment.
Nuclear experiments use beams.
Most nuclear experiments use beams.
Nuclear experts are cautious about rushing to judgement based on what they consider patchy evidence.
Nuclear experts say, suspected terrorists, or so-called rogue states, such as North Korea.
A nuclear explosion is a blast
Nuclear explosions break the comet into two pieces.
Nuclear explosions produce radiation and radioactive debris .
Nuclear explosions produce radiation and radioactive debris.
Nuclear explosives release Energy by transformation of the atomic nucleus.
Nuclear export is mediated by saturable receptors that shuttle between nucleus and cytoplasm.
Nuclear facility means reactor and nonreactor nuclear facilities.
All nuclear facilities are subject to a public referendum in order to be approved.
Nuclear factors interact with a soybean beta-conglycinin enhancer.
Nuclear fallout causes cancer, physical abnormalities and often, immediate death.
Nuclear fallout is another disaster consideration.
Nuclear fallout is caused by the explosion of a nuclear weapon.
Nuclear fallout is mobs.
Nuclear fallout is radioactive dust created when a nuclear weapon detonates.
A nuclear family is a family
Nuclear families are families.
Nuclear families are so pass .
Nuclear family includes a father, a mother, and their children, living apart from other kin.
Nuclear family is defined as a mother and father together with their offspring.
Nuclear family is most important group.
All nuclear fellows receive at least three months training at each of the four hospitals.
Nuclear fission can produce heat without producing any polluting gases.
Nuclear fission creates radioactive waste.
Nuclear fission goes on all the time in uranium and plutonium.
Nuclear fission is a hazardous form of power on Earth, but much less hazardous in outer space.
Nuclear fission is just what it is, a piece of physics.
Nuclear fission is natural to the earth.
Nuclear fission is nuclear reaction
Nuclear fission is produced when an atomic atom is split.
Nuclear fission is responsible for the release of energy in nuclear reactors and atomic bombs.
Nuclear fission is the breakdown of large atomic nuclei into smaller elements.
Nuclear fission is the breaking apart of atomic nuclei into almost equal sized pieces.
Nuclear fission is the idea behind the atomic bomb.
Nuclear fission is the main process generating nuclear energy.
Nuclear fission is the most common technique to harness nuclear energy.
Nuclear fission is the only method currently used by nuclear plants to generate electricity.
Nuclear fission is the principal behind the atomic bomb.
Nuclear fission is the process in which large atoms break apart.
Nuclear fission is the reverse process to fusion.
Nuclear fission is the splitting of a heavy element into smaller, lighter elements.
Nuclear fission is the splitting of atomic nuclei by neutron bombardment.
Nuclear fission is the splitting of the nucleus of a radioactive element into two smaller fragments.
Nuclear fission is where a heavy atom spontaneously decays to two or more lighter elements.
Nuclear fission means splitting an atom apart.
Nuclear fission occurs in atom bombs, and in controlled nuclear reactors.
Nuclear fission occurs when neutrons collide with the nucleus of a uranium atom.
Nuclear fission produces dangerous radioactive by-products.
Nuclear fission produces heat.
Nuclear fission produces radioactivity and heat.
Nuclear fission requires that atoms be smashed in accelerators which release their energy.
Nuclear fission supplies a much larger percentage of power in Europe.
Most nuclear fission produces heat.
Nuclear forces are short range.
Nuclear forces are strong and short ranged.
Nuclear forces form the basis for our comprehension of nuclear structure and reactions.
Nuclear forces overcome repulsion.
Nuclear forces remain on hair-trigger alert.
Most nuclear forces overcome repulsion.
Some nuclear forces have effects.
Nuclear fuel comes from the ground.
Nuclear fuel generates enormous quantities of safe, clean energy.
Nuclear fuel is a solid material like coal or wood.
Nuclear fuel is exhausted.
Nuclear fuel is fuel
Nuclear fuel is fuel.
Nuclear fuel is made of solid pellets of enriched uranium.
Nuclear fuel is made of solid pellets that contain enriched uranium.
Nuclear fuel is nuclear materials.
Nuclear fuel releases energy.
Nuclear fuel starts with uranium, a naturally occurring radioactive material.
Nuclear fuels are the most dense sources of energy available .
Nuclear fuels are the most dense sources of energy available.
Nuclear fuels are used to generate electrical power, to make isotopes, and to make weapons.
Some nuclear fuel produces carbon dioxide.
Nuclear functions charge ahead.
Nuclear fusion reaction creates electromagnetic energy.
Nuclear fusion reaction creates energy.
Nuclear fusion begins instead with atoms of the lightest element, hydrogen, abundant in water.
Nuclear fusion does produce radioactive waste.
Nuclear fusion gives off a huge amount of heat.
Nuclear fusion has the advantage of producing very little radioactive waste or other pollution.
Nuclear fusion has yet to be proved feasible.
Nuclear fusion is a process during which light atoms fuse to form heavier ones.
Nuclear fusion is a very powerful source of energy.
Nuclear fusion is also a possible source of energy in the distant future.
Nuclear fusion is an atomic reaction that fuels stars.
Nuclear fusion is another method to produce nuclear energy.
Nuclear fusion is more powerful than chemical reactions such as fire.
Nuclear fusion is nuclear reaction
Nuclear fusion is still many decades away from commercial utilisation.
Nuclear fusion is the benign twin of nuclear fission.
Nuclear fusion is the process of making heavier atoms by combining lighter atoms.
Nuclear fusion is the process that makes the sun burn.
Nuclear fusion is the welding together of atomic nuclei.
Nuclear fusion is what makes stars glow .
Nuclear fusion is what makes stars glow.
Nuclear fusion is when two atoms merge to form a new one .
Nuclear fusion is when two atoms merge to form a new one.
Nuclear fusion is, in comparison, a very new discovery.
Nuclear fusion means combines atomic nuclei to make a larger nucleus.
Nuclear fusion occurs all the time in the interior regions of stars.
Nuclear fusion occurs in cores.
Nuclear fusion occurs in hydrogen bombs.
Nuclear fusion occurs in the stars.
Nuclear fusion occurs which causes the star to glow.
Nuclear fusion occurs within the sun and the stars.
Nuclear fusion offers the promise of unlimited energy to mankind.
Nuclear fusion produces a lot of energy .
Nuclear fusion produces electricity without any radiation, pollution, waste, or danger to people.
Nuclear fusion produces energy by combining light atomic nuclei together to make heavier nuclei.
Nuclear fusion produces energy.
Nuclear fusion produces more energy than nuclear fission.
Nuclear fusion remains a promising solution of the energy problem.
Nuclear fusion remains out of reach.
Nuclear fusion requires extremely high temperatures and densities.
Nuclear fusion stops at iron.
Nuclear fusion stops there.
Nuclear fusion stops with the creation of iron.
Nuclear fusion takes place at the time of zygote formation, and meiosis follows immediately.
Nuclear fusion takes place in a shell around the compressing core.
Nuclear fusion takes place when two hydrogen atoms join together to form a larger helium atom.
Most nuclear fusion occurs in cores.
Most nuclear fusion produces energy.
Some nuclear fusion takes places.
Nuclear gauges have a significant amount of shielding already built in to protect the operator.
Nuclear generation has tremendous potential in the new marketplace.
Nuclear generation is also important.
Nuclear grade adds no prognostic information in terms of survival.
Nuclear incidents follow earthquakes.
Nuclear incidents follow japan earthquakes.
Most nuclear incidents follow earthquakes.
Most nuclear incidents follow japan earthquakes.
Nuclear industry produces and stores large volumes of radioactive waste solutions.
Some nuclear industries experience nuclear accidents.
Some nuclear industries experience serious accidents.
Some nuclear industries experience serious nuclear accidents.
Nuclear interests claim the facility is necessary because their plants are out of storage space.
Nuclear intervention is even more unthinkable.
Nuclear irregularity suggests a preneoplastic lesion.
Nuclear isomers are very interesting nuclei and possess many unique properties.
Nuclear issues excepted, neither country is a pivotal factor in the other's security planning today.
Nuclear issues occupy a special place in Russian military policy.
Nuclear lamina exist in all animals and all tissues.
Nuclear magnets play a more modern, but arguably equally important role in our lives.
Nuclear material can also enter the canyon as solutions, or be directly fed to the dissolvers.
Nuclear material is contained in fuel rods.
Nuclear material See fissile material .
Nuclear materials continue to pile up worldwide, posing national security and environmental threats.
All nuclear materials remain highly toxic for thousands of years.
Nuclear matrix is a framework of fibres.
Nuclear matter boils just like water.
Nuclear medicine addresses the body's physiological processes rather than the anatomical structure.
Nuclear medicine gets friendlier .
Nuclear medicine has a complex and multifaceted heritage.
Nuclear medicine is a constantly and rapidly changing discipline.
Nuclear medicine is a medical specialty used to image the body and treat disease.
Nuclear medicine is a medical specialty which is used to image the body and treat disease.
Nuclear medicine is a rapidly growing health care area.
Nuclear medicine is all about how something functions.
Nuclear medicine is an integral part of patient care and saves countless lives annually.
Nuclear medicine is medicine
Nuclear medicine is medicine.
Nuclear medicine is more concerned with how things work, than what they look like.
Nuclear medicine is one of the diagnostic imaging modalities.
Nuclear medicine is one of the fastest growing fields in modern medicine.
Nuclear medicine is one of the most modern specialties.
Nuclear medicine plays a key role.
Nuclear medicine provides an extremely sensitive methodology or detecting abnormalities.
Nuclear medicine use very small amounts of radioactive material.
Nuclear medicine uses an isotope to see where there are diseased areas.
Nuclear medicine uses radiation for the treatment of illnesses.
Nuclear medicine uses radioactive substances to image the body and treat disease.
Nuclear medicine utilizes gamma rays from radioisotopes for diagnostic imaging.
Nuclear medicine utilizes radiopharmaceuticals to perform procedures in support of patient care.
A nuclear meltdown is heating
Nuclear meltdowns are a serious and constant threat.
Nuclear meltdowns can kill people from radiation poisoning .
Nuclear meltdowns can kill people from radiation poisoning.
Nuclear membrane begins to disappear.
Nuclear membrane breaks down.
Nuclear membrane is barely visible.
Nuclear membrane is no longer visible.
Nuclear membrane is porous b.
Nuclear membranes are prominent with coarse chromatin and prominent nucleoli.
Nuclear membranes begin to reform around the chromosomes.
Nuclear migration is essential for normal development in both higher and lower eukaryotes.
Nuclear migration occurs in both ways.
Nuclear missiles are weapons that can be launched across great distances.
Nuclear movement is -tubulin dependent in Aspergillus nidulans.
Nuclear oncogenes are most often transcription factors that cause inappropriate gene expression.
Nuclear options are likely to suffer a serious set-back.
Nuclear organization is maintained by a protein network in the nucleus called the nuclear matrix.
Nuclear outline is regular and nucleoli tend to be prominent.
Nuclear parity is too important to Moscow and Beijing to risk being wrong.
Nuclear particle made up of two up quarks and a down quark, has positive charge.
Nuclear pharmacists serve as vital links in the provision of nuclear medicine services.
Nuclear physics are physics.
A nuclear physicist is a physicist
Nuclear physicists are physicists.
Nuclear physicists are uniformly positive about the new facility.
Nuclear physicists study the internal stucture of nucleons as well as the structure of nuclei.
Nuclear physicists think of protons and neutrons as practically identical.
A nuclear physics is a physics
Nuclear physics is a frontier field, with strong links to other branches of physics.
Nuclear physics is a subject of theoretical research.
Nuclear physics is built on a theory known as quantum chromodynamics.
Nuclear physics is concerned with the properties of the atomic nucleus.
Nuclear physics is stil too confusing.
Nuclear physics is still a black box.
Nuclear physics is the study of the properties and interactions of nuclei and their constituents.
Nuclear physics melts itself.
Nuclear physics needs an infusion of money.
Nuclear physics turns atoms into chocolatechip cookies, but does noting for guitars.
Nuclear physics unleases the bomb and nuclear energy.
Nuclear plants account for about one-fourth of the country's generating capacity.
Nuclear plants are carcinogens.
Nuclear plants are far more expensive to build, maintain, operate, and dispose of.
Nuclear plants are far more reliable than they used to be.
Nuclear plants are still a subject of controversy between Austria and Slovakia.
Nuclear plants are too expensive and risky.
Nuclear plants are traditionally large scale.
Nuclear plants are unpopular and therefore can be acquired relatively cheaply.
Nuclear plants bring additional environmental and ecological considerations.
Nuclear plants continue to be sold.
Nuclear plants create a fraction of the waste of conventional power plants.
Nuclear plants create tons of deadly radioactive waste, a danger for thousands of years to come.
Nuclear plants emit no particulates.
Nuclear plants emit none of the greenhouse gases produced by fossil-fueled plants.
Nuclear plants face similar trials.
Nuclear plants function much as other thermal power plants.
Nuclear plants has three redundant controls and safety measures.
Nuclear plants have between one and three reactors or units located at the same site.
Nuclear plants operate at lower temperatures and pressures and obviously require fewer refuelings.
Nuclear plants operate on the assumption that the reactor vessels never fail.
Nuclear plants pose a risk of catastrophic disaster.
Nuclear plants process huge amounts of water through many complex piping and tunnel systems.
Nuclear plants produce electricity in much the same way that fossil-fueled plants do.
Nuclear plants provide almost a third of German electricity.
Nuclear plants rely upon their own diesel generators in such a situation.
Nuclear plants require very heavy and complex foundations and shielding.
Nuclear plants supply electricity to millions of customers across southern and eastern China.
Nuclear plants survive under increased scrutiny, requiring more detailed safety inspections.
Nuclear plants use energy.
Nuclear plants use nuclear energy.
Nuclear plants use the fission process to generate the energy needed to produce electricity.
All nuclear plants have instruments to warn of and measure earthquake motion.
Most nuclear plants use energy.
Most nuclear plants use nuclear energy.
Most nuclear plants use the element uranium as the fuel in their reactors.
Some nuclear plants store their used fuel in dry storage tanks above ground.
Some nuclear plants use fission fusion.
Some nuclear plants use fission.
Some nuclear plants use fusion.
Some nuclear plants use nuclear fission.
Some nuclear plants use types.
Some nuclear plants use uranium.
Nuclear pleomorphism describes the variety of forms seen in the nuclei of the cells in the tumor.
Nuclear pores allow transport between nucleus and cytosol.
Nuclear position is most variable in the first oocyte produced by the arm.
Nuclear power plant workers must have experience.
Nuclear power plant workers must have power plant experience.
Nuclear power plants use energy.
Nuclear power plants use nuclear energy.
Nuclear power power is generated by fission.
Nuclear power appears more and more to be a financial black hole for taxpayers for decades to come.
Nuclear power appears to be close to off the table as a climate change mitigation strategy.
Nuclear power can be dangerous and produces radioactive wastes that persist for thousands of years.
Nuclear power can contribute significantly to reducing emissions of greenhouse gases.
Nuclear power can help India grow on a larger scale.
Nuclear power can produce electricity, large amounts of it.
Nuclear power carries heavy political baggage because of environmental concerns.
Nuclear power comes at too high a cost, even though it appears to be a clean fuel.
Nuclear power comes from splitting uranium or plutonium atoms.
Nuclear power comes from the radioactive ore uranium.
Nuclear power continues to create environmental and safety threats throughout Europe and the world.
Nuclear power contributes nothing to global warming and replaces fossil-fueled plants that do.
Nuclear power creates neither carbon dioxide, nitrous oxides, sulfur oxides nor methane.
Nuclear power depends on a chain reaction to make heat.
Nuclear power emits gases.
Nuclear power emits greenhouse gases.
Nuclear power faces formidable obstacles.
Nuclear power generates a lot of electricity in countries like France, and also in Finland.
Nuclear power generates energy.
Nuclear power generates high level radioactive wastes that remain hazardous for thousands of years.
Nuclear power generating plants and nuclear warheads both depend on the physics of fission.
Nuclear power grows particular well in an undemocratic atmosphere.
Nuclear power harnesses the heat of radioactive materials to produce steam for power generation.
Nuclear power has a bad reputation.
Nuclear power has a role to play in reducing greenhouse gases.
Nuclear power has applications.
Nuclear power has lots of advantages but two major disadvantages.
Nuclear power has many advantages, but there are also some risks associated with it.
Nuclear power has one of the smallest carbon footprints of any energy source.
Nuclear power has potential for a wide spectrum of uses.
Nuclear power has the additional advantage of being a partially self-sufficient source of energy.
Nuclear power is a challenging, attractive career field.
Nuclear power is a clean and sustainable source of energy.
Nuclear power is a clean, safe and reliable source of energy.
Nuclear power is a complete failure.
Nuclear power is a controversial issue in some parts of the United States.
Nuclear power is a crazy way of producing energy.
Nuclear power is a dirty technology and contaminates everything it contacts.
Nuclear power is a dirty technology which contaminates everything it contacts.
Nuclear power is a failed technology.
Nuclear power is a good way to eliminate greenhouse gas emissions.
Nuclear power is a good, clean energy source.
Nuclear power is a great assessment of the innovation and intelligence of the human race.
Nuclear power is a prime candidate, as well as white goods such as refrigerators.
Nuclear power is a product of the development of nuclear weapons during the second world war.
Nuclear power is a very expensive source of energy.
Nuclear power is a vital component in the engine that drives the American economy.
Nuclear power is a world security risk adding to the threat of nuclear proliferation.
Nuclear power is also a concern for safety and disposal reasons.
Nuclear power is also an option being studied by lawmakers.
Nuclear power is also key to space exploration.
Nuclear power is also the world's most dangerous business.
Nuclear power is an abject failure, it is uneconomic, dirty and dangerous.
Nuclear power is an example.
Nuclear power is an extremely dangerous technology.
Nuclear power is an important and growing source of energy for the world.
Nuclear power is an important element in the German energy mix.
Nuclear power is another extremely important factor in the local economy.
Nuclear power is another popular energy source in some parts of the world.
Nuclear power is at a standstill in many parts of the world, particularly in the North.
Nuclear power is at a standstill in Western Europe and North America.
Nuclear power is available commercially.
Nuclear power is better than solar power because it is no more harmful to the environment.
Nuclear power is better than solar power because it produces more energy for less cost.
Nuclear power is certainly today's leading option of choice.
Nuclear power is cheap, safe and clean.
Nuclear power is cheap, safe and less polluting than other power sources.
Nuclear power is cleaner than fossil fuel burning plants, but the byproduct is nuclear waste.
Nuclear power is considered by many to be the ideal power source.
Nuclear power is dangerous.
Nuclear power is discredited because of highly toxic waste products.
Nuclear power is economical in Ontario because the province has significant uranium resources.
Nuclear power is generated by fission.
Nuclear power is generated either through fusion or through fission.
Nuclear power is here to stay simply because of the economics.
Nuclear power is highly polluting.
Nuclear power is in decline in the United States.
Nuclear power is life-threatening in three independent ways, each in itself formidable.
Nuclear power is more expensive.
Nuclear power is neither cheap nor safe.
Nuclear power is no exception.
Nuclear power is no longer the basis for claiming super-power status.
Nuclear power is nuclear energy
Nuclear power is obsolete.
Nuclear power is one example of an alternative energy resource.
Nuclear power is one of the cleanest, safest, most efficient forms of power there is.
Nuclear power is one of the key options for meeting future energy needs.
Nuclear power is one of the most efficient forms of energy it is also very cost efficient.
Nuclear power is one of the most environmentally friendly sources of energy.
Nuclear power is one piece, and by no means, a small piece.
Nuclear power is our shariat.
Nuclear power is out of the political closet.
Nuclear power is reliable.
Nuclear power is represented in the seal by the sun.
Nuclear power is scary.
Nuclear power is susceptible to all kinds of problems.
Nuclear power is the most environmentally benign way of producing electricity on a large scale.
Nuclear power is the most environmentally benign.
Nuclear power is the most unsafe, untested and risky way to generate electricity.
Nuclear power is the only alternative in Russia.
Nuclear power is the safest, cleanest and potentially the cheapest source of electric power.
Nuclear power is the use of sustained nuclear fission to generate heat and electricity.
Nuclear power is unacceptable because it is dangerous.
Nuclear power is uneconomic, unsustainable and unsafe.
Nuclear power is uneconomic.
Nuclear power is unmanageable and unaffordable, kept alive only by government subsidies.
Nuclear power is unreliable.
Nuclear power is unsafe .
Nuclear power is unsafe and uneconomic.
Nuclear power is unsafe, is economically unsound and is unnecessary.
Nuclear power is unsafe, uneconomic, and un-sustainable.
Nuclear power is unsupportable.
Nuclear power is untenably expensive . . .
Nuclear power is used all over the world.
Nuclear power is used as a major energy source in most industrialized countries.
Nuclear power is used extensively and is safe and clean.
Nuclear power is used extensively.
Nuclear power is used to generate electricity.
Nuclear power is very expensive and complicated, but provides reliable, efficient power.
Nuclear power is viewed as an option to consumption of physical resources.
Nuclear power is vital to the energy mix of the U.S. and the world.
Nuclear power makes a significant contribution to meeting the world's demand for electricity.
Nuclear power makes proliferation more likely and verification more difficult.
Nuclear power makes up less than a quarter of production and natural gas about half of that.
Nuclear power means a low pollutant source of electrical energy.
Nuclear power offers a viable option for producing electricity without greenhouse gas emissions.
Nuclear power offers the promise of cheap electricity, but it can also be used to produce weapons.
Nuclear power plants the world over are dangerous to the surrounding areas.
Nuclear power plays a critical role in the United States energy supply.
Nuclear power poses a very real health risk.
Nuclear power poses an unacceptable threat to humans and the environment.
Nuclear power poses daunting problems.
Nuclear power poses serious threats to the environment as well as human and animal health.
Nuclear power produces both hazardous and radioactive waste.
Nuclear power produces electric power without emitting any greenhouse gases.
Nuclear power produces electricity in highly- centralized plants.
Nuclear power produces energy without emitting greenhouse gases.
Nuclear power produces intense radiation that is deadly to human beings and other life.
Nuclear power provides electricity.
Nuclear power provides so much promise, so many problems.
Nuclear power releases almost no gaseous componants.
Nuclear power releases no noxious gases.
Nuclear power remains controversial.
Nuclear power remains one of the possible options once low cost coal reserves become depleted.
Nuclear power remains tremendously expensive technology, with huge upfront costs.
Nuclear power requires heavy shielding to keep the neutrons away from people - too heavy for cars.
Nuclear power requires the installation of complex and expensive safety systems.
Nuclear power saves fossil fuel.
Nuclear power seeks to harness that energy to safely provide electricity.
Nuclear power uses energy.
Nuclear power uses the energy created by controlled nuclear reactions to produce electricity.
Nuclear power wannabe Iraq on the west.
More nuclear power means more nuclear waste.
More nuclear power means more waste with no good place to put it, they say.
Most nuclear power generates energy.
Most nuclear power has applications.
Most nuclear power is generated by fission.
Most nuclear power provides electricity.
Most nuclear power uses energy.
Nuclear processing can get out of control, fast.
Nuclear proliferation continues and there is a growing global trade in nuclear smuggling.
Nuclear proliferation is a delicate game on both sides.
Nuclear proliferation is frankly boring, until it happens.
Nuclear proliferation is the greatest threat of the century.
Nuclear proliferation is the most essential issue of modern times.
Nuclear proliferation threatens to become more immediate and more serious.
Some nuclear proponents grasp the logic of improving energy efficiency in the short term.
Nuclear propulsion is a possible avenue.
Nuclear propulsion is propulsion
All nuclear proteins coded for oncogenes are transcription factors.
Nuclear racism is a fundamental link in the global nuclear chain.
Nuclear radiation can be both extremely beneficial and extremely dangerous.
Nuclear radiation can cause biological damage because it is highly energetic.
Nuclear radiation can cause casualties and delay movements.
Nuclear radiation can cause skin irritation.
Nuclear radiation can contaminate food and water.
Nuclear radiation causes environmental disaster, sickness and death.
Nuclear radiation comes in several forms.
Nuclear radiation is deadly for hundreds of thousands of years.
Nuclear radiation is known to cause cancer, particularly leukemia.
Nuclear radiation is known to influence our immune system.
Nuclear radiation is said to be mutagenic in that it can damage or mutate the genetic code of cells.
Nuclear reaction creates electromagnetic energy.
Nuclear reaction creates energy.
Nuclear reaction is an action
Nuclear reaction is natural processes.
Nuclear reaction provides energy.
Nuclear reactions are categorized as critical or supercritical.
Nuclear reactions are cause by spitting the nucleus of uranium.
Nuclear reactions are described by equations in much the same way as ordinary chemical reactions.
Nuclear reactions are the most fundamental of all reactions, creating the elements themselves.
Nuclear reactions can be both natural and man-made.
Nuclear reactions can change one nucleus into another nucleus.
Nuclear reactions can continue as long as there is hydrogen to fuse.
Nuclear reactions convert mass to energy.
Nuclear reactions energize stars, including our sun.
Nuclear reactions involve a change in the nucleus.
Nuclear reactions liberate a large amount of energy compared to chemical reactions.
Nuclear reactions make the analysis of ionizing radiation collisions much more difficult.
Nuclear reactions produce radiations in the form of alpha rays, beta rays and gamma rays.
Nuclear reactions release more energy than normal burning.
Nuclear reactions seem to create energy out of nothing breaking up or joining together atoms.
Nuclear reactions take place in stars including the sun.
Most nuclear reaction creates electromagnetic energy.
Most nuclear reaction creates energy.
Most nuclear reaction provides energy.
Some nuclear reaction occurs in cores.
Some nuclear reaction produces heat.
Some nuclear reaction takes places.
A nuclear reactor is apparatus
Nuclear reactor is dangerous.
Nuclear reactors are apparatus.
Nuclear reactors are devices in which the energy of nuclear reactions is converted to electricity.
Nuclear reactors are expensive to build but relatively cheap to operate.
Nuclear reactors are expensive to run.
Nuclear reactors are good at making heat.
Nuclear reactors are likely to have accidents with severe consequences for humanity.
Nuclear reactors are mechanical devices.
Nuclear reactors are neither clean nor safe.
Nuclear reactors are nuclear materials.
Nuclear reactors are used to make electricity .
Nuclear reactors are used to make electricity.
Nuclear reactors are very simple and can be easily explained.
Nuclear reactors can also run on Thorium fuel.
Nuclear reactors change elements into other elements simply by adding neutrons to their nuclei.
Nuclear reactors contain a radioactive form of the element uranium.
Nuclear reactors convert energy.
Nuclear reactors convert nuclear energy.
Nuclear reactors cost a lot more to build and maintain than conventional power plants.
Nuclear reactors do have deadly products that can contaminate areas they fall onto.
Nuclear reactors fuelled with uranium automatically produce plutonium as a byproduct.
Nuclear reactors generate power.
Nuclear reactors have the potential to malfunction in a variety of ways.
Nuclear reactors produce heat through the controlled chain reactions of nuclear fission .
Nuclear reactors produce large quantities of fission products.
Nuclear reactors produce plutonium where none existed before.
Nuclear reactors produce plutonium, and plutonium is terrible because it can be used to make bombs.
Nuclear reactors provide the technology to build nuclear bombs.
Nuclear reactors require backup power to cool their cores and fuel pools after they are shut down.
Nuclear reactors require power from the grid to pass coolant through the core.
Nuclear reactors run off huge bath beads.
Nuclear reactors run on cheap uranium but nobody knows what to do with the radioactive waste.
Nuclear reactors use enrich uranium.
Nuclear reactors use fission, or the splitting of atoms, to produce energy.
Nuclear reactors use fission.
Nuclear reactors use nuclear fission.
Nuclear reactors use nuclear reactions to make heat and electricity .
Nuclear reactors use nuclear reactions to make heat and electricity.
Nuclear reactors use uranium.
Nuclear reactors utilize the process of fission.
Every nuclear reactor produces enough plutonium to make a bomb, about every ten days.
Many nuclear reactors use uranium as fuel to generate electricity.
Most nuclear reactors are used to make electricity .
Most nuclear reactors are used to make electricity.
Most nuclear reactors burn uranium and produce plutonium as a radioactive waste byproduct.
Most nuclear reactors convert energy.
Most nuclear reactors convert nuclear energy.
Most nuclear reactors generate power.
Most nuclear reactors use enrich uranium.
Most nuclear reactors use fission.
Most nuclear reactors use nuclear fission.
Most nuclear reactors use uranium.
Nuclear receptors are a superfamily of ligand-modulated transcription factors.
Nuclear receptors are among the most intensively-studied transcription factors.
Nuclear receptors are proteins.
Nuclear receptors play critical roles in the regulation of eukaryotic gene expression.
Nuclear reorganization is the striking and clinically relevant hallmark of many cancer cells.
Nuclear safety has to prevail over all other considerations.
Nuclear safety is a major part of the enlargement process.
Nuclear safety is indivisible as the air to breath with.
Nuclear safety is truly an international concern.
Nuclear scans cause fetal radiation exposure.
Nuclear scans expose a child to no more radiation than conventional x-ray.
Nuclear scans expose a child to the same amount of radiation as a conventional x-ray.
Nuclear scans lack the clear definition of structure visible on an X-ray.
Nuclear scans require very little preparation.
Nuclear science abstracts Nuclear science and engineering.
Nuclear science are studyings.
Nuclear science has additional problems to overcome.
Nuclear science is one of the most misunderstood topics.
Nuclear science needs toilet-training certainly.
Nuclear scientists are seriously underpaid and increasingly desperate.
Nuclear scientists give evidence.
Most nuclear scientists give evidence.
Nuclear sclerosis appears as a slight graying of the lens.
Nuclear sclerosis causes the lens to refract light.
Nuclear sclerosis increases the refractivity of the ocular crystalline lens as animals get older.
Nuclear sclerosis is a normal change that occurs in the lens of older dogs.
Nuclear sclerosis resembles a cataract but is actually a normal age-related change.
Nuclear secrets drift to China.
Nuclear security is far too grave an issue to be subjected to such cheap political maneuvering.
Nuclear shape resembles the shape of the cell.
Nuclear shielding occurs for all nuclei.
Nuclear shielding replaces mass conversion.
Nuclear ships have accidents.
Nuclear skills are a plus.
Nuclear spin is a natural precipitation of the Heisenberg uncertanty principle.
Some nuclear stations suffer explosions.
Nuclear studies are simple and have few, if any side effects.
A nuclear submarine is a submarine
Nuclear submarines are able to stay underwater virtually as long as they have food.
Nuclear submarines are among the most complex structures built by man.
Nuclear submarines are compact vessels with controls and perils spread throughout.
Nuclear submarines are on the technological frontier.
Nuclear submarines depend on their reactors to replenish their air supplies.
Nuclear submarines have elaborate listening systems.
Nuclear submarines pierce enemy defenses, defeating their area denial capabilities.
Nuclear submarines play hide and seek in the North Atlantic Ocean.
Nuclear submarines produce their own air and drinking water.
Nuclear sustainer takes payload to orbit or escape trajectory.
Nuclear technicians are much cheaper.
Nuclear technicians operate nuclear test and research equipment.
Nuclear techniques have considerable potential for various uses in biological control.
Nuclear techniques show a number of advantages for non-destructive elemental characterization.
Nuclear technologies are vital to a sustainable, growing, prosperous world economy.
Nuclear technologies pose risks to modern society in terms of weapons and wastes.
Nuclear technologies produce waste that lasts thousands of years and the risk of major accidents.
Nuclear technology is also important in medicine for the diagnosis and treatment of disease.
Nuclear technology is hard at work reducing that number.
Nuclear technology is in more hands and is more easily acquired by still others.
Nuclear technology is trivial in comparison.
Nuclear technology is used to develop nuclear arms, which can be misused by terrorists.
Some nuclear technology includes images.
Nuclear tensions are to a large degree a thing of the past.
Nuclear tests are a sign of contempt for health and the environment.
Nuclear tests produce radioactive iodine as one of their many radioactive by-products.
Nuclear testing can resume.
Nuclear testing continues underground.
Nuclear testing creates an environmental wasteland.
Nuclear testing is also imperative in making safety upgrade.
Nuclear testing is essential to such modernization.
Nuclear testing is needed to meet new requirements.
Nuclear testing is part of nuclear weapons production and proliferation.
Nuclear testing is the cause of abnormal polar motion of the earth.
Nuclear testing remains a concern in the region.
Nuclear therapy has other salient points to recommend it.
Nuclear transfer involves a donor and a recipient cell.
Nuclear transfer involves the use of two cells.
Nuclear transfer is a pretty simple concept.
Nuclear transfer is an alternate technique for preventing mitochondrial disease.
Nuclear transfer is the basic technique used in cloning.
Nuclear transfer requires two cells, a donor cell and an oocyte, or egg cell.
Nuclear transmutation attracts opposition.
Nuclear transmutations occur when a nucleus undergoes alpha or beta decay.
Nuclear transplantation is a very delicate and complicated process.
Nuclear transplantation is biological research
Nuclear transport is an essential function of all eukaryotic cells.
Nuclear variation involves a cell's failure to differentiate.
Nuclear virility is no longer a satisfaction of the few.
Nuclear viruses use host polymerase.
Nuclear volume varies significantly depending on the fix and dehydration protocol.
Nuclear war causes death.
Nuclear war has nothing good.
Nuclear war has two basic objectives.
Nuclear war is a plague invented by human beings through technology and science.
Nuclear war is avoided.
Nuclear war is bad.
Nuclear war is life and death.
Nuclear war is like cancer.
Nuclear war is one thing.
Nuclear war is preferable because it is quicker than air pollution and global warming.
Nuclear war is ruled out.
Nuclear war is the most immediate threat.
Nuclear war is the only practical solution.
Nuclear war is the ultimate big government program.
Nuclear war is threats.
Nuclear war is war.
Nuclear war threatens human continuity itself and impairs the symbols of immortality.
Nuclear war threatens to engulf the two superpowers.
Nuclear warfare is big stuff, really big stuff.
A nuclear warhead is load
Nuclear warheads are delicate devices.
Nuclear Warheads Visit our site.
Nuclear waste contaminates the areas of nuclear testing.
Nuclear waste emits dangerous radiation and is difficult to dispose of .
Nuclear waste emits dangerous radiation and is difficult to dispose of.
Nuclear waste involves no great harm to the areas involved.
Nuclear waste is a bogeyman but water is a bigger issue.
Nuclear waste is almost impossible to dispose of.
Nuclear waste is an enormously difficult political problem which to date no country has solved.
Nuclear waste is an unfunded problem to future generations.
Nuclear waste is concentrated.
Nuclear waste is contained and isolated from the environment at Canada's nuclear plants.
Nuclear waste is diluted and piped into the sea.
Nuclear waste is garbage.
Nuclear waste is highly unstable and reactive.
Nuclear waste is one of the most dangerous substances created by humans.
Nuclear waste is only one key word here.
Nuclear waste is radioactive substances.
Nuclear waste is store underground, such as the Yucca Mountain underground storage.
Nuclear waste is stored on site at reprocessing facilities.
Nuclear waste is terror without beauty, and there's nothing sublime about it.
Nuclear waste is the exception because it seems impossible to agree on any disposal site.
Nuclear waste is the unacceptable face of nuclear electricity.
Nuclear waste is two aspirin pills per person per year.
Nuclear waste releases invisible rays or tiny particles called nuclear radiation.
Nuclear waste remains dangerous for at least several hundred thousand years.
Nuclear wastes are initially high in temperature and radioactive.
Nuclear wastes build up.
Most nuclear waste is low-level nuclear waste.
A nuclear weapon is a weapon
Nuclear weapons are a cheap way out, but only as long as they are taken seriously.
Nuclear weapons are a clear option.
Nuclear weapons are a detail.
Nuclear weapons are a great leveler.
Nuclear weapons are a relic of the UK's post imperial delusions of grandeur.
Nuclear weapons ARE a tragedy, the testing, their barbaric use against innocent people.
Nuclear weapons are a very powerful detterant.
Nuclear weapons are also astrategic.
Nuclear weapons are also dangerous .
Nuclear weapons are also immoral , expensive and dangerous .
Nuclear weapons are among the most technically complex creations of mankind.
Nuclear weapons are an absolute evil Second, nuclear weapons are an absolute evil.
Nuclear weapons are an absolute evil.
Nuclear weapons are an exception.
Nuclear weapons are an expression of one side of our human character.
Nuclear weapons are an important guarantee of economic and political reforms.
Nuclear weapons are an integral part of the security situation in the Middle East and North Africa.
Nuclear weapons are an ominous new dimension that was missing in the two previous wars won by India.
Nuclear weapons are cheaper to maintain than a large conventional army.
Nuclear weapons are clearly inhumane weapons in obvious violation of international law.
Nuclear weapons are different.
Nuclear weapons are evil and immoral.
Nuclear weapons are evil beyond belief.
Nuclear weapons are evil, mass destroyers of human life, and morally indefensible.
Nuclear weapons are excellent because of how many lives they saved by their existence.
Nuclear weapons are expensive and are also used as a terror tactic with other countries.
Nuclear weapons are false symbols of prestige.
Nuclear weapons are horribly destructive in their effects on both humans and the environment.
Nuclear weapons are illegal.
Nuclear weapons are immoral weapons of mass destruction.
Nuclear weapons are in the hands of many nations.
Nuclear weapons are incompatible with rational development goals.
Nuclear weapons are instruments of mass slaughter.
Nuclear weapons are irrelevant to the border dispute in any case.
Nuclear weapons are just a symptom of how technoscience has transformed war.
Nuclear weapons are just such an evil.
Nuclear weapons are just the tip of the iceberg.
Nuclear weapons are likely to be around for a long time - for all the wrong reasons.
Nuclear weapons are made from the elements uranium or plutonium .
Nuclear weapons are made from the elements uranium or plutonium.
Nuclear weapons are morally abhorrent, militarily useless and illegal under international law.
Nuclear weapons are now a reality in South Asia.
Nuclear weapons are now ineradicably part of the continuum of possible force.
Nuclear weapons are odd, contrary things.
Nuclear weapons are of little military use to anyone anymore.
Nuclear weapons are one example.
Nuclear weapons are one of their chief concerns.
Nuclear weapons are our friends.
Nuclear weapons are paltry by comparison.
Nuclear weapons are primarily psychological and political weapons.
Nuclear weapons are still one of the greatest hazards on the planet.
Nuclear weapons are tacky and politically unpopular.
Nuclear weapons are the closest thing to an absolute evil.
Nuclear weapons are the common enemy of mankind.
Nuclear weapons are the military instruments of political designs.
Nuclear weapons are the most destructive weapons ever created by humankind.
Nuclear weapons are the most effective option in that regard.
Nuclear weapons are the most horrendous thing mankind has ever developed.
Nuclear weapons are the ultimate guarantor of a war prevention strategy.
Nuclear weapons are too expensive.
Nuclear weapons are tools of mass, undifferentiated retaliatory destruction.
Nuclear weapons are ugly things capable of horrific destruction.
Nuclear weapons are usable under almost any circumstance.
Nuclear weapons are very powerful , and one nuclear weapon can destroy a city .
Nuclear weapons are very powerful, and one nuclear weapon can destroy a city.
Nuclear weapons are weapons of deterrence.
Nuclear weapons are weapons of mass destruction.
Nuclear weapons are weapons of the cold war.
Nuclear weapons are weapons.
Nuclear weapons can dramatically destroy that creation.
Nuclear weapons carry high ecological costs.
Nuclear weapons constitute less an instrument of war than a measure of Russia's self-image.
Nuclear weapons constitute state terrorism and that is bound to generate non-state terrorism.
Nuclear weapons continue to occupy a central role in Russian military doctrine.
Nuclear weapons continue to play a destabilising role in international relations.
Nuclear weapons create devastating effects.
Nuclear weapons demand a better system.
Nuclear weapons deter conventional war, as the cold war proved.
Nuclear weapons encourage prudence and circumspection.
Nuclear weapons give no quarter.
Nuclear weapons have a large variety of energy yields.
Nuclear weapons have no role to play in a green Europe.
Nuclear weapons have questionable use now, and they are becoming a threat to our own security.
Nuclear weapons improve China's national prestige and influence by exhibiting super- power status.
Nuclear weapons make border disputes irrelevant, it becomes a matter of life or mega-death.
Nuclear weapons make no sense, militarily or morally.
Nuclear weapons occupy the bulk of our attention.
Nuclear weapons orbit the Earth.
Nuclear weapons pose a different problem.
Nuclear weapons pose horrible risks.
Nuclear weapons pose the greatest danger to the security of the United States.
Nuclear weapons possess an immediate deterrence value.
Nuclear weapons release tremendous amounts of energy through a sustained nuclear chain reaction.
Nuclear weapons require very low leakage defenses.
Nuclear weapons serve no justifiable military purpose and pose a threat to all forms of life.
Nuclear weapons serve no justifiable purpose, and pose a long-term threat to all forms of life.
Nuclear weapons solve no problems and create peculiarly horrendous new ones.
Nuclear weapons threaten that continuation as nothing else has ever done.
Nuclear weapons threaten the future of humanity.
Nuclear weapons threaten the lives' of human beings.
Nuclear weapons use plutonium metal.
Nuclear weapons violate human rights, peace.
Some nuclear weapons require fission reaction.
Some nuclear weapons require nuclear fission reaction.
Some nuclear weapons require nuclear reaction.
Some nuclear weapons require reaction.
Nuclear winter is a cataclysm
Nuclear winter is a good example.
Nuclear winter is catastrophes.
Nuclear winter is replaced by real winter - maybe.
Nuclear winter is the same effect whether caused by war, asteroid impact, or volcanism.
Nuclease is an enzyme
Nuclease is enzymes.
Nucleases are classes of enzymes that degrade nucleic acids.
Nucleases are enzymes that break down nucleic acid molecules.
Nucleases are phosphoidesterases with a tremendous variability in their substrate requirements.
Nucleases hydrolyze the nucleic acids e.
Nucleated cells are more resistant than red cells.
Nucleated cells are unlikely.
Nucleated erythroblasts are committed to becoming mature erythrocytes.
Nucleocytoplasmic ratio is quite high.
Nucleolar activity is exquisitely responsive to growth and hormonal stimuli.
Nucleolar research has a long history.
Nucleoli contain at least one, usually several, associated centromeres.
Some nucleoli are visible.
Nucleoli are unstained.
Nucleoluses are organelles.
Nucleoluses are part of nucleuses.
A nucleon is a heavy particle
Nucleon isa object.
Nucleons are baryons.
Nucleons are part of nucleuses.
Nucleons are subatomic particles.
Nucleons are the primary sub-atomic particles found in a nucleus.
Nucleons are the protons and neutrons of an atom.
Nucleons attract each other with a short range but very strong force, called the nuclear force .
Nucleons comprise a subclass of baryons.
Nucleons have (part) sections.
Nucleons like to be paired.
Some nucleons are part of atoms.
Some nucleons are part of isotopes.
Nucleophilic addition is also a good reaction, though a bit more difficult than with ketones.
Nucleophilic addition is one rate-limiting process.
Nucleoside analogs are effective, as are protease inhibitors.
Nucleoside analogs are prodrugs that are converted into active agents by phosphorylation.
All nucleoside analogs are pro-drugs.
Nucleoside analogue is a chemotherapy that is very hard on the liver.
A nucleoside is a glycoside
Nucleosides are a type of nucleic acid.
Nucleosides are glycosides.
Nucleosides are nucleotides without the phosphate groups.
Nucleosides can combine with one, two or three phosphates .
Nucleosides differ from nucleotides in that they lack phosphate groups.
All nucleosides are of the b configuration.
Nucleosomal architecture regulates competency for crosstalk between promoter domains.
Nucleosomal histones show a very high level of conservation.
A nucleosynthesis is synthesis
Nucleosynthesis requires very high temperature.
Nucleosynthesis takes place in a high pressure, high temperature soup.
Nucleosynthesis takes place in stars.
Nucleosynthesises are synthesis.
Nucleotide addition continues until specific termination signals are encountered.
Nucleotide bases fall into two categories depending on the ring structure of the base.
Nucleotide deletion plays a role in birth defects and in the development of cancer.
Nucleotide monomers are linked into long chains called polynucleotides, or DNA strands.
A nucleotide is ester
Nucleotide isa compound.
Nucleotides also have either a pyrimidine or purine base, attached to the pentose sugar.
Nucleotides also serve as nucleic acid monomers.
Nucleotides are a major constituent of the non-protein fraction of breast milk.
Nucleotides are abundant in the cell's nucleus.
Nucleotides are arranged in two long strands that form a spiral called a double helix.
Nucleotides are carriers of activated intermediates in many biosynthetic processes.
Nucleotides are combined phosphate, sugar, and base.
Nucleotides are energy rich molecules because they contain nucleosides.
Nucleotides are ester.
Nucleotides are hard to make.
Nucleotides are important for several reasons.
Nucleotides are joined together by covalent .
Nucleotides are linked to one another to form a strand.
Nucleotides are molecules.
Nucleotides are monomers.
Nucleotides are nucleoside phosphates.
Nucleotides are organic molecules.
Nucleotides are part of codons.
Nucleotides are the basic unit of the DNA molecule.
Nucleotides are the basis for nucleic acids.
Nucleotides are the building blocks of DNA .
Nucleotides are the building blocks of nucleic acid polymers.
Nucleotides are the monomers that make nucleic acids.
Nucleotides are the rungs of the ladder of the DNA double helix.
Nucleotides are the units which, when linked sugar to phosphate, make up one side of a DNA ladder.
Nucleotides are very small, only a few dozen atoms apiece.
Nucleotides belonging to chromatin are an example.
Nucleotides can also serve as short-term carriers of energy.
Nucleotides can join to each other by phosphodiester bonds.
Nucleotides contain organic bases.
Nucleotides form the basic structural unit of nucleic acids.
Nucleotides have a nitrogenous base backbone.
Nucleotides have many functions in the cell.
Nucleotides have metabolic functions in cells.
Nucleotides have phosphate, sugar, and a nitrogen base.
Nucleotides have several carbons.
Nucleotides only require two phosphorylations.
All nucleotides are either purines or pyrimidines .
All nucleotides are either purines or pyrimidines.
All nucleotides have a common structure.
All nucleotides share the sugar-phosphate backbone.
Some nucleotides consist of sugar.
Some nucleotides find in cytoplasm.
A nucleus is an organ
Nuclei are near centers.
Nuclei are surrounded by membranes.
Nuclei are surrounded by plasma membranes.
Nuclei contain genetic materials.
Nuclei contain materials.
Nuclei contain substances.
Nuclei control activities.
Nuclei control functions.
Nuclei control growth.
Nuclei divide into daughter nuclei.
Nuclei divide into nuclei.
Nuclei divide into sperm nuclei.
Nuclei have (part) centromeres.
Nuclei have (part) chomatids.
Nuclei have (part) chromatin.
Nuclei have (part) chromosomes.
Nuclei have (part) corpi.
Nuclei have (part) genes.
Nuclei have (part) lobes.
Nuclei have (part) sections.
Nuclei undergo mitosis.
Nucleus isa organelle.
Nucleuses are centers.
Nucleuses are located in atoms.
Nucleuses are organelles.
Nucleuses are part of atoms.
Nucleuses are part of cells.
Nucleuses are part of comets.
Nucleuses are positives.
All nuclei contain both protons and neutrons, except the nucleus of ordinary hydrogen.
All nuclei weigh less than their parts.
Many nuclei also contain prominent nucleoli.
Many nuclei also serve as bridges of communication between different parts of the cortex.
Many nuclei are radioactive.
Many nuclei are rather pale with large dark nucleoli.
Many nuclei are unstable and decay spontaneously.
Many nuclei have irregular contours.
Most nuclei also contain one or more neutrons.
Most nuclei are near centers.
Most nuclei are small and dark.
Most nuclei are surrounded by membranes.
Most nuclei are surrounded by plasma membranes.
Most nuclei contain genetic materials.
Most nuclei contain materials.
Most nuclei contain substances.
Most nuclei divide into daughter nuclei.
Most nuclei divide into nuclei.
Most nuclei divide into sperm nuclei.
Most nuclei undergo mitosis.
Some nuclei also have an associated spin .
Some nuclei are extremely large and hyperchromatic.
Some nuclei are greedier than others.
Some nuclei are unstable.
Some nuclei behave like magnetic spinning tops.
Some nuclei can have the shape similar to pear.
Some nuclei consist of particles.
Some nuclei contain chloroplasts.
Some nuclei contain chromatin.
Some nuclei contain organelles.
Some nuclei contain particles.
Some nuclei contain prominent nucleoli.
Some nuclei go through meiosis.
Some nuclei have copies.
Some nuclei have electric charge.
Some nuclei have energy.
Some nuclei have functions.
Some nuclei have kinetic energy.
Some nuclei have large nucleoli.
Some nuclei have large positive charge.
Some nuclei have positive charge.
Some nuclei have positive electric charge.
Some nuclei have spin.
Some nuclei have sufficient energy.
Some nuclei have sufficient kinetic energy.
Some nuclei have various functions.
Some nuclei have vesicular chromatin and others are quite dense.
Some nuclei retain genetics.
Some nuclei retain haploid genetics.
Some nuclei show central clearing of chromatin with heavily stained nuclear membranes.
Some nuclei undergo b decay.
Some nuclei undergo division.
Some nuclei undergo meiosis.
Some nuclei undergo meiotic division.
Some nuclei undergo nuclear decay.
Some nuclei undergo radioactive decay.
Some nuclei undergo second division.
Some nuclei undergo subsequent decay.
Some nuclei undergo subsequent radioactive decay.
Some nuclei undergo successive division.
Many nude amateurs love to have amateur sex.
Nude bathing is common and tolerated in all pools.
Nude bathing is frowned upon in Mexico.
Nude beaches can be a lot of sex fun.
Nude beaches draw millions of visitors to Spain, France, Greece and Croatia each year.
A nude dancing is choreography
Nude dancing is legal in some bars in the District.
Nude dancing is.
Nude ducks fly by. . .
Nude forms are at the center of the pornography v. art controversy.
Nude gauges prevent errors which have been ascribed to glass envelopes and associated tubulations.
Nude girls are everywhere.
Nude girls are located in beachs.
Nude girls live from amsterdam join the club to see interactive sex video teleconferencing.
Nude images are available for free downloading.
Many nude images are available for free downloading.
Nude lesbians foreplay suck pussy threesomes rock is in with petting skidmark.
Nude men have anal sex stiff gay cocks.
Nude men prostrate themselves before dominant women.
All nude models are over the age of eighteen.
A nude mouse is a mouse
Nude mice are homozygous for a gene that is essential for the development of a thymus.
Nude mice give the clearest signal.
Nude participants dash in and out of the crowd, causing others to stop and stare.
Nude photos are available.
Nude photos are updated weekly.
Nude photography wants to show a stylised depiction of the human body.
Nude pictures link to pay site.
Nude pictures sell magazines.
Nude recreation can be a getaway from the pressures of daily life.
Nude recreation embraces the joy of living and experiencing nature in the most natural way possible.
Nude recreation is a form of self expression.
Nude recreation is a healthy, wholesome way to accept the human body.
Nude recreation is a healty, wholesome way to accept the human body.
Nude recreation is the way.
Nude scenes are always slightly awkward, but more giggly awkward than anything else.
Nude statuary decorates the grounds at most Japanese schools.
Nude study ca.
Nude teens love teen sex.
Nude use is permitted as long as no one complains.
Nude use is possible in the upper pools on weekdays.
Nude volleyball seems to be synonymous with nudism in the popular culture.
Nude woman looking into nothingness symbolizes the post war era.
Nude women are amazing.
Nude women are located in strip clubs.
Nude women caress their children.
Nude women handjob clit vaginas.
Nude women lose it on screen.
A nude is a picture
Nudes are as big a draw in India as they are anywhere else in the world.
Nudes are females without their clothes on.
Nudes are nakedness.
Nudes are paintings.
Nudes are people.
Nudes are women without clothes on.
Nudes can always .
Nudes emerge from irridescent pools of water creating a transcendental eroticism.
Nudes suck orgie nudes mistress nudes future hackerz dungeon mistress mistress server jenny.
Some nudes just look naked.
Nudge isa event.
A nudibranch is an univalve
Nudibranches are very small, averaging less than an inch in length.
Nudibranches can protect themselves from the hydroids and their nematocysts .
Nudibranches can protect themselves from the hydroids and their nematocysts.
Nudibranchs are oval molluscs usually seen crawling very slowly along the seabed.
All nudibranchs are carnivores consuming slow-moving or stationery prey.
Many nudibranches feed on anemones and hydroids.
Many nudibranchs can use the poisonous chemicals found in their prey in their own body defence.
Many nudibranchs get their bright colors from their prey.
Many nudibranchs have gills.
Some nudibranchs actually take in and store some of the coloring substances from the food they eat.
Some nudibranchs are solar-powered.
Some nudibranchs create their own food by eating coral with algae.
Nudism expresses the joy of living and experiencing nature the most natural way possible.
Nudism is a lifestyle that is made up of families and people of all ages.
Nudism is a wholesome, family-oriented environment.
Nudism is actually illegal.
Nudism is all about feeling comfortable with one's body, and learning to judge people differently.
Nudism is an offense.
Nudism is enjoyed by people of all shapes, sizes and ages.
Nudism is fun.
Nudism is great.
Nudism is non sexual, non erotic.
Nudism is OK away from the village.
Nudism is practice
Nudism is practice.
Nudism is practiced with a certain bravado in order to conceal the underlying tension.
Nudism is usual towards the eastern end of the beach.
Nudism promotes public nudity in a group, but in special locations.
Nudism truly is a cross-section of society.
Every nudist club is different.
Most nudist resorts are family oriented and children of all ages can be seen there.
A nudist is an individualist
Nudists are among the friendliest, most accepting people in the world.
Nudists are from all socioeconomic backgrounds and professions.
Nudists are individualists.
Nudists are people who go in for altogetherness.
Nudists are people who wear one-button suits.
Nudists come from all walks of life, in all sizes, shapes, colors, and creeds.
Nudists come in all shapes, sizes, colors, and ages.
Nudists do make best friends everyday.
Nudists feel they've been badly misunderstood by mainstream society.
Nudists get no wear in life.
Nudists hate acid rain.
Nudists have nothing to hide.
Nudists prefer one-button suits.
Nudists represent all major faiths and most of the lesser ones.
Nudists require the ability to pursue discreet nudity in public free of such constraints.
Nudists respect each other's individuality.
Nudists tend to be more well groomed in that area than the rest of society.
Nudity equals pornography.
Nudity is a condition
All nudity is censored.
Much nudity is shown.
Some nudity is fine.
Some nudity req'd.
Nuestra pol tica es recuperar los gastos que nosotros tenemos que pagar.
NUFU collaboration is a cornerstone in the collaboration activities with northern universities.
A nugget is a lump
Nugget isa lump.
Nuggets are a rarity.
Nuggets are an exception, but account for the tiniest portion of discovered gold.
Nuggets are an inexpensive, comprehensive video training curriculum.
Nuggets are significantly purer than the gold normally used in the very finest jewelry.
Nuggets automatically sifts through data and uncovers hidden facts and relationships.
Nuggets come in different sizes, shapes and color.
Nuggets encircle the image of a bull moose.
Nuggets have plenty of big skinny guys.
Nuggets usually have a higher value as specimen samples and jewelry than at world market prices.
Nuisance abatement is abatement
Nuisance abatement is ongoing.
Nuisance actions based on sewage and water spills can no longer succeed against municipalities.
Nuisance activities are generally more common in years when there is a shortage of natural foods.
Nuisance alarms are a frequent reason for removing batteries.
Nuisance animals are a problem in a lot of neighborhoods across the east.
Nuisance animals are just as common in New York as in any other state.
Nuisance ants are just that, a nuisance.
Most nuisance ants nest outdoors.
Nuisance bacteria are naturally present in groundwater.
Most nuisance bears are young males pushed into unlikely habitat by older, larger males.
Nuisance cats can be a problem.
Nuisance cats can cause damage to plants and wild life.
Nuisance comments can result.
Nuisance complaints can develop into costly court cases.
Nuisance complaints generated by poor maintenance and operational efforts are common.
Most nuisance complaints involve beavers or nutrias, water-dwelling rodents.
Nuisance damages associated with odor are difficult to measure and monitor.
Nuisance deer are difficult to control in residential communities.
Nuisance dogs can be a problem.
Nuisance dogs can cause damage to crops, livestock and property.
Nuisance dusts are mostly inorganic in nature.
Most nuisance invaders are temporary and non-damaging.
Nuisance laws are very specific.
Nuisance material is in for a fix.
Nuisance pests are widespread in Colorado.
Nuisance pests cause damage.
Nuisance pests cause no real damage.
Most nuisance pests cause damage.
Some nuisance pests multiply rapidly and are found in overwhelming numbers.
Nuisance wildlife situations require animal removal services.
Nuisance wildlife situations require professional services.
Nuisance wildlife situations require services.
A nuisance is a stimulus
Nuisance isa input.
Nuisance isa stimulant.
Nuisance isa stimulus.
Nuisances are annoyance.
Nuisances are either public or common, or private nuisances.
Nuisances can be public or private.
Nuisances can often be both public and private.
Nuisances Check the appropriate response for readily observable evidence of hazards.
Nuisances created by numerous insects decrease tourist use and revenue.
Some nuisances are caused by growth.
Some nuisances have effects.
Some nuisances kill animals.
Nuke buttons are one of two ways to end a level.
Nuke programs are simply point and click programs that any newbie can use.
Nuke programs ask the attacker to specify which port they wish to attack.
A nuke is load
Nukes are pretty ugly too.
Nukes are pretty useless in space, so anyone owning an asteroid can easily outgun an entire planet.
Nukes are software.
Nukes Are Ugly.
Nukes don t have anything to do with it.
Nukes require a delivery system to be effective.
Null alleles occur when there is no detectable enzyme activity at a locus.
Null arguments pass empty pointers.
Null cells appear quite heterogeneous with respect to surface markers expressed.
Null constructor sets all properties too null .
Null depth is limited by the relative spatial extent of the object.
Null effects are particularly likely to happen to novice researchers.
Null entries imply a raw density image was obtained.
Null flags are short integers.
Null hypothesis asserts that the proposed effects is absent.
Null hypothesis is always the no difference hypothesis.
Null hypothesis is that the population medians are equal .
Null hypothesis is that the two populations have the same mean.
Null hypothesis is that there is no relationship between the rows and columns.
Null hypothesis is the case that is assumed to be true.
Null hypothesis states that the two samples are identical.
Some null hypotheses suggest food intake.
Some null hypotheses suggest intake.
Some null mice show calcium deposition.
Some null mice show deposition.
Null mutations cause a ventralization phenotype.
Some null mutation affects cell survival.
Some null mutation affects survival.
Every null pointer compares equal to every other null pointer of the same type.
Null statement is valid.
Null string is returned if the last component has no extension.
More null strings make even longer matches.
Null support is one area where future extensions are likely.
Null terms indicate no translation.
Null termination is very different from the way many other languages handle strings.
Null value indicates no data.
Null value is in the domain of all attributes.
Null values are fairly simple to deal with.
Null values cause difficulties in the database.
Null values have special properties in relational databases.
A null is an amount
NULL indicates use default.
Nulls are a famously contentious problem in databases and languages.
NULLs are acceptable.
Nulls are directions in which there is no radiation.
Nulls behave differently.
Any null parameter is considered to match anything.
Nullification applies just as much in other states, including Pennsylvania.
Nullification is an action
Nullification means negation, but it is so-called freedom.
Nullification occurs when political promises are broken.
Nulliparous women are at greater risk for both types of sarcomas.
Nullity is a state
Nullity is acts.
Nullity is different from getting a divorce.
Nullity is the beginning of the universe.
Nullity is, in Conrad's view, the great modern terminus.
Nullity restores a couple to the status of never having been married.
Nullsoft evil pervades the air.
Numb fingertips can occur after long exposure to embalming fluid.
Numb protein has an N-terminal phosphotyrosine binding domain.
Numbat moms can have up to four babies at once.
A numbat is a dasyurid
Numbat isa mammal.
Numbats also exhibit seasonal patterns related to photoperiod, prey abundance, and reproduction.
Numbats also turn over leaves and sticks with their teeth to expose and prey upon termites.
Numbats are different than most marsupials.
Numbats are diurnal.
Numbats are hosts for many species of endo- and ectoparasites.
Numbats are insectivores and eat a specialized diet almost exclusively of termites.
Numbats are likely to survive in habitats which offer abundance of termites.
Numbats are mammals, and marsupials.
Numbats are medium-sized animals with a specialized diet of termites.
Numbats are ready to reproduce at about one year old.
Numbats are small marsupials that look a little like squirrels .
Numbats are solitary and territorial.
Numbats are solitary creatures that gather only during mating season.
Numbats are solitary creatures.
Numbats are territorial animals.
Numbats are unusual marsupials in being exclusively diurnal and termitivorous.
Numbats are very unusual marsupials in that they are diurnal, or active only in the daytime.
Numbats are very vulnerable to predation by introduced predators such as foxes and cats.
Numbats eat ants.
Numbats eat only ants and termites they catch by using their very long, sticky tongues.
Numbats eat only white ants.
Numbats eat termites, and unlike other marsupials, they are active only by day.
Numbats fave several predators on a daily basis.
Numbats feed almost exclusively on termites only occasionally eating other ants.
Numbats have (part) brains.
Numbats have (part) breasts.
Numbats have (part) cell membranes.
Numbats have (part) cells.
Numbats have (part) chest cavities.
Numbats have (part) chests.
Numbats have (part) corpi.
Numbats have (part) cytoplasm.
Numbats have (part) ears.
Numbats have (part) faces.
Numbats have (part) heads.
Numbats have (part) nuclei.
Numbats have (part) pedal extremities.
Numbats have (part) piluses.
Numbats have (part) plasma membranes.
Numbats have (part) rib cages.
Numbats have (part) sections.
Numbats have (part) skulls.
Numbats have (part) sterna.
Numbats have (part) vacuoles.
Numbats have (part) vertebrate feet.
Numbats have a good sense of smell.
Numbats have a small flat head with a long nose, pointed ears and a very long tongue.
Numbats have an acute sense of smell, being able to detect termites with their very sensitive noses.
Numbats have brown coats.
Numbats have brown fur.
Numbats have coats.
Numbats have diets.
Numbats have forelimbs.
Numbats have fur.
Numbats have heads.
Numbats have jaws.
Numbats have mouths.
Numbats have poor coat insulation compared with other marsupials.
Numbats have pouches.
Numbats have reddish-brown fur.
Numbats have several adaptations for predator avoidance.
Numbats have strong forelimbs.
Numbats have strong front claws and long tongues which they use to get termites out of their nests.
Numbats have tails.
Numbats have tongues.
Numbats live in forests in Western Australia.
Numbats live in hollow logs or dig burrows under the ground.
Numbats live on diets.
Numbats now occur in areas secure from clearing, mostly in state forests and nature reserves.
Numbats occur at low density and numbers fluctuate.
Numbats prefer open woodland habitat dominated by eucalyptus trees.
Numbats produce a variety of vocalizations.
Numbats rely on sight.
Numbats require hollow, fallen logs for shelter and nesting.
Numbats often use more than one den.
Most numbats eat ants.
Most numbats have brown coats.
Most numbats have brown fur.
Most numbats have coats.
Most numbats have diets.
Most numbats have forelimbs.
Most numbats have fur.
Most numbats have heads.
Most numbats have jaws.
Most numbats have mouths.
Most numbats have pouches.
Most numbats have strong forelimbs.
Most numbats have tails.
Most numbats have tongues.
Most numbats live on diets.
Most numbats rely on sight.
Some numbats avoid predators.
Some numbats have claws.
Some numbats have powerful claws.
Some numbats have sharp claws.
Some numbats ingest debris.
Some numbats roam own territory.
Some numbats seek shelter.
Some numbats stay with mothers.
Number counts are the results of integrating over intrinsic luminosity and distance.
Number field is now display only.
Number field sieve.
Number fields are always all integers.
Number fields can also have either a default value or a decimal, percent or dollar format.
Number fields can edit either scalar or vector quantities as appropriate.
Number fields have a text box that takes numbers only.
Number lines are only one way of illustrating fractions.
Number Name Can.
Any number of demons can possess an unsaved person.
Number of neurons tested is indicated.
Number of neutrons can vary in an element, but number of protons is constant.
Number of protons determines what kind of atom an atom is.
Numbers of species examined are indicated in parentheses.
A number one is a self
Number one goes first, no spaces, then number two, number three and number four.
Number one has to be our present governor s failure to lead.
Number one has to do with relating to other people.
Number ones are selfs.
Number pieces can begin or stop in the center, but are never removed.
Number plates are significant on most railroads.
Number portability enables users to switch vendors without switching numbers.
Number portability is absolutely essential.
Number portability is believed to enhance competition within local networks.
Number portability is crucial to competition.
Number portability is one example.
Number portability offers an analogy.
Number sense comprises the vast number of numerical relationships that are known intuitively.
Number sense includes estimation, mental math, and much more.
Number sense is a confusing term.
Number sense is a driving force of the program.
Number sense is a key component of mathematical literacy.
Number sense is a requisite for becoming mathematical problem solvers.
Number sense is an attribute of all successful users of mathematics.
Number sense is the cornerstone of mathematics.
Number sense is the driving force of our program.
Number sense is the foundation on which all other strands rely.
A number system is mathematical notation
Number systems come in many sizes.
Number systems serve the purpose of representing numbers in different ways.
All number systems are convertible.
A number theorist is a mathematician
Number theorists are mathematicians.
Number theorists do it a prime number of times.
Number theorists do it perfectly.
Number theorists do it rationally.
Number theory deals with properties of ordinary whole numbers.
Number theory has many modern applications, particularly in cryptography.
Number theory includes odd and even numbers, primes, factors and multiples.
Number theory is connected with commerce and the military, through cryptography.
Number theory is inundated with complex results based on very simple premises.
Number theory is the foundation of pure mathematics.
Number theory is the study of the . . .
Number theory makes an important contribution to the sound of music .
Number theory plays a role in many kinds of secret codes.
Number twos work their problem while number ones coach.
Number twos work their problem while the number ones coach.
A number is an amount
Number accounts for each major income and expense category.
Number Adds the number specified to the current vertical position.
Number Apply the optional provision of the rule.
Number assigned to video is in the left column.
Number atoms to give lowest number substituent sum.
Number becomes very large.
Number can have three values.
Number cares only about the described situation.
Number crunching Financial decisions can be complicated.
Number denotes the esker number in the table below.
Number depends on application.
Number designates the partition number.
Number exhibits serially in the spaces provided in the body of the form.
Number extends  java.lang.
Number finds items by call numbers or other special identification numbers .
Number following item is multivotes for weighting.
Number following last name indicates finish in age-group.
Number following quadrangle name in parentheses provides total number of printings for that quad.
Number following the name is the block label.
Number footnotes consecutively throughout the manuscript.
Number footnotes consecutively throughout the paper.
Number footnotes consecutively with superscript Arabic numerals and present on a separate page.
Number footnotes consecutively.
Number footnotes or endnotes consecutively throughout the article.
Number footnotes separately in superscripts.
Number footnotes serially throughout the manuscript.
Number footnotes serially to correspond to the text.
Number go Sign among no dozen inside no browser.
Number goes in off our surroundings.
Number has abstartct methods that return the value of the object of different numeric formats.
Number Indicate the number of similar containers submitted for disposal.
Number indicates active electrical connections, plus one.
Number Indicates an insert control line.
Number indicates identity cards shown thus far.
Number indicates model.
Number inside is gamma value of monitor.
Number is a decimal number used to name the stipple in the stipple fields of style lines.
Number is a heist film.
Number is a positive integer, which was assigned to the leaf.
Number is a property of mainly nouns and verbs, and it is expressed by means of different endings.
Number is a real number.
Number is approximated.
Number is archetype.
Number is assigned by the issuing or processing organization.
Number is channels per second scanning rate.
Number is dialed automatically.
Number is dialed, or without lifting handset, press extension key twice.
Number is dialed.
Number is engraved on the back of the watch.
Number is important, especially in widely used constructions.
Number is important.
Number is in all.
Number is in memory.
Number is incuse.
Number is now in memory.
Number is number of tows processed per category.
Number is on back.
Number is on mailbox, curb, and house.
Number is parentheses indicate available quotas.
Number is parenthesis are the recommended values.
Number is pressure in GPa.
Number is retrieved.
Number is since inception.
Number is stored.
Number is supplied by supplier's system with input file.
Number is the individual.
Number is the number of bytes occupied by the instruction.
Number is the number of CDs with sample tracks.
Number is the number of ORFs in each size range.
Number is the page followed by the township.
Number is the product of the human mind.
Number is the ruler of forms and ideas, and the cause of gods and demons.
Number is to be on outside of package.
Number is version number of loc file.
Number is year, month, day, orbit, half-hour of day.
Number is years from start.
Number isa amount.
Number marking on nouns is an inflectional category that languages apparently can do without.
Number means singular or plural.
Number needs to be given in milliseconds.
Number notes consecutively throughout text.
Number notes consecutively throughout the article.
Number notes consecutively throughout the paper.
Number notes consecutively.
Number notes sequentially and list at end of text.
Number NovConTableSize returns the maximum number of servers the shell can connect to.
Number play on their side.
Number Plays a sound file, and accepts the number sequence entered by the caller.
Number pooling allows service providers in a given area to receive numbers in smaller blocks.
Number pooling carriers are to report at the rate center level.
Number prints names in both the American and European naming system.
Number provides a direct link between the first table file and the second table file.
Number ranges, raw data, etc.
Number receipts as on the account.
Number refers to the singular or plural nature of a word.
Number refers to whether the noun is singular or plural.
Number reflects percent of total number of TV households.
Number represents any positive integer.
Number represents mean of the reaction on three plants.
Number represents the milage.
Number represents the page of the microfilm.
Number Returns a numeric value specifying a run-time error.
Number Returns the amount of free memory still available.
Number Returns the attribute of a file or directory.
Number Returns the day of the week.
Number Returns the free space in the selected environment.
Number Returns the interrupt number the Vines software is servicing.
Number Returns the length of the string or sets the length of a string.
Number Returns the memory offset where string is located.
Number Returns the memory segment where string is located.
Number Returns the number of connections in use.
Number Returns the number of grace logins the user has left.
Number Returns the number of open files a task has.
Number Returns the numeric value of an ascii character.
Number Returns the used volume space of Path.
Number Returns the value at the port or writes a number to a port.
Number Returns the value of the specified number as a byte .
Number Returns the value of the specified number as a long .
Number Returns the vertical location of the left-hand corner of the window.
Number Returns the year of a date.
Number See discussion below.
Number sends the movie to the frame number entered in the box on the right.
Number shown in the upper right pairs are the Y coordinate and the height of the object.
Number signifies the number of full sheets.
Number slides to correspond with the numbers on the entry form.
Number specifies how many copies to do.
Number specifies the position of the histogram to be saved or loaded.
Number storyboards one through six.
Number varies and are white to off-white in color and about the size of a small head of a pin.
Number varies at each campus.
Number varies at the cost of resident tuition plus a stipend annually.
Number varies throughout the district.
Numbers above are local figures.
Numbers above are total consecutive number completed.
Numbers above assume a balanced tree.
Numbers accumulate beneath a red needle.
Numbers actually have names well beyond trillions.
Numbers add up nicely here.
Numbers add up to strength Look at the numbers.
Numbers add up.
Numbers align to the right by default.
Numbers alone are half the problem and are senseless unless the units are also specified.
Numbers alone are significant.
Numbers alone come before letters.
Numbers alone give government here a very local face, often indigenous.
Numbers alone refer to verses in the lay named in the chapter title.
Numbers also appear very unwieldy to the English eye.
Numbers also can highlight successes that educators can study to improve other areas.
Numbers also communicate.
Numbers also have a meaning in the structure of the sound material.
Numbers also have significant meanings to gang members.
Numbers also inspire.
Numbers also look as though they enter into it with the mathematical assembling of the sequences.
Numbers also matter.
Numbers also play a role in the windows.
Numbers also represent the challenge.
Numbers also tell the tale.
Numbers anyway are very approximate.
Numbers appear before substituent names.
Numbers appear deceptively simple with the public when in actuality they are much more complex.
Numbers appear in the text either in parentheses or superscript.
Numbers appear on the brain image.
Numbers appear to be declining.
Numbers appear to be increasing.
Numbers appear to be stable through the winter months.
Numbers appear to have increased considerably since then.
Numbers appear to the right of each row of fruit.
Numbers appearing in dashes are the page numbers from the original magazine article.
Numbers appearing in plain text are paragraph or other numbers from source documents.
Numbers apply to frozen, thawed or fresh.
Numbers apply to the absolute, but musical notes change from moment to moment.
Numbers apply to U.S. public schools.
Numbers are a constant woe.
Numbers are a convention necessary for playing the puzzle on paper.
Numbers are a handy thing to know in any language.
Numbers are a mainstay.
Numbers are a potential problem.
Numbers are a powerful tool.
Numbers are a scarce public resource.
Numbers are a tool for modeling.
Numbers are a transcended characteristic of reality.
Numbers are a very important part of our everyday lives.
Numbers are about the same as last year, so hunting opportunities are good.
Numbers are abstract objects.
Numbers are ahead of last year.
Numbers are alive and powerful.
Numbers are all of a vina mesh material, are heat sealed on, and are full block .
Numbers are all that count.
Numbers are all very well, though - the big question is whether it's actually a better scanner.
Numbers are also available with menus.
Numbers are also easily misheard.
Numbers are also good.
Numbers are also highest on plants during bloom and fruit set.
Numbers are also important when it comes to open heart surgeries.
Numbers are also in the phonetic alphabet.
Numbers are also low at The Morton Arboretum.
Numbers are also objects that can be considered in sets.
Numbers are also very useful and appropriate.
Numbers are always a part of divination.
Numbers are always better than text.
Numbers are always impressive.
Numbers are always in hexadecimal.
Numbers are amounts.
Numbers are an easy way to find any point on an L-Curve.
Numbers are an important part of daily lives.
Numbers are an important part of our work.
Numbers are another language.
Numbers are another source of common mistakes.
Numbers are approximate , and changing .
Numbers are approximate, and changing.
Numbers are approximate.
Numbers are aproximate.
Numbers are arbitrary and can be increased or decreased.
Numbers are artificially high.
Numbers are automatically right-justified.
Numbers are available as a Dial Up Account Option.
Numbers are available at any hardware store or lumber yard.
Numbers are available for most games within each state.
Numbers are available free of charge at the town hall.
Numbers are available in Arabic or English.
Numbers are available in both passive and active .
Numbers are available in most major U.S. cities.
Numbers are average for the time of year.
Numbers are average numbers of animals on each farm.
Numbers are averages over years and locations.
Numbers are below.
Numbers are beneficial if used well, but numbers alone mean nothing.
Numbers are big and bold for our older drivers.
Numbers are both a universal language and a means of quantifying relationships.
Numbers are both the nails and the rails which hold together the train tracks of karma.
Numbers are by definition themselves a language, and therefore computers are communicators.
Numbers are camera trackline numbers.
Numbers are cheap, and each equation deserves one for easy reference.
Numbers are cheap.
Numbers are clickable to explode the table and to initiate subject searches.
Numbers are close approximations.
Numbers are close to average.
Numbers are clout.
Numbers are companies.
Numbers are cool, but there is more to life than numbers.
Numbers are critical.
Numbers are crucial in the retail business.
Numbers are cruel taskmasters.
Numbers are cumulative totals.
Numbers are dB. below fundamental.
Numbers are debatable, and differing points of view abound.
Numbers are decimals.
Numbers are declining, offerings are down, and morale is sagging.
Numbers are definite.
Numbers are determined by the carrying capacity of the environment and resources available.
Numbers are different from character strings in values.
Numbers are different.
Numbers are difficult to predict and plan for.
Numbers are digits.
Numbers are direct translations.
Numbers are distinct from one another.
Numbers are divided by numbers.
Numbers are down but they are still taking donations.
Numbers are down for transfer student orientation.
Numbers are down on normal.
Numbers are down on the quarter because some of our telco partners are restructuring.
Numbers are down upon the big collections of the previous weeks but are still well above average.
Numbers are down upon the previous week but still 'high' from all sites.
Numbers are easier to remember if they are written out.
Numbers are easy to communicate and enter.
Numbers are either unsigned or two's complement.
Numbers are equal , geometrical objects are congruent .
Numbers are equal to their numerical value.
Numbers are equal, geometrical objects are congruent.
Numbers are equal.
Numbers are especially interesting in that an integer is a rational and a real is a complex.
Numbers are especially low very near to human settlements.
Numbers are estimates after adjustments for reporting delays.
Numbers are estimates.
Numbers are even a bigger concern at Bloomfield.
Numbers are even higher in urban areas, particularly for girls.
Numbers are even smaller in fields of engineering and the physical sciences.
Numbers are even worse for African-American women.
Numbers are everywhere and they're lots of fun.
Numbers are expressions, whose value or meaning is the number itself.
Numbers are extremely important, as are power and strength.
Numbers are fairly frequent lexical items and so are typically more prone to modification.
Numbers are fairly predictable.
Numbers are false if, and only if, they are zero.
Numbers are field trip stops.
Numbers are fine so far.
Numbers are finite.
Numbers are flexible.
Numbers are for reference and indicate no other ordering.
Numbers are for standard filter lens.
Numbers are formula driven and therefore rounded up.
Numbers are from the dairies, or multiple sources.
Numbers are from the latest survey .
Numbers are fundamental to the study of mathematics and science.
Numbers are fundamentally devoid of self-existent inherent 'Platonic' existence.
Numbers are good but it takes time.
Numbers are good but nationwide presence is the key.
Numbers are good examples.
Numbers are good.
Numbers are goodness personified.
Numbers are greatest in the spring and fall when migrating birds pass through the area.
Numbers are growing, many are free.
Numbers are hard to come by because regulations vary.
Numbers are hard to come by because the special-bonus trend is new.
Numbers are hard to come by because there's no statewide tracking system for many STDs.
Numbers are hard to come by.
Numbers are high, and the mayfly is sizable enough to promote some excellent dry-fly fishing.
Numbers are highest late in the summer, especially on end vines and border rows.
Numbers are hours per week of itinerant teacher's time.
Numbers are iconic in our age.
Numbers are immutable.
Numbers are important because they lend credence to preconceived notions.
Numbers are important in aviculture.
Numbers are important in influencing decisions.
Numbers are important to any institution.
Numbers are important to having a working knowledge of the Bible.
Numbers are important to legislators.
Numbers are important to our everyday life.
Numbers are important, but above and beyond all else is what is happening in our personal life.
Numbers are important.
Numbers are impressive.
Numbers are in billions of dollars.
Numbers are in hex.
Numbers are in kilobytes.
Numbers are in percentages.
Numbers are in the book.
Numbers are in the flyer on their pages.
Numbers are in the hundred thousands.
Numbers are in the report.
Numbers are in the tens of thousands.
Numbers are in thousands.
Numbers are in watts per square meter.
Numbers are inclusive page numbers.
Numbers are incomplete.
Numbers are inconsequential.
Numbers are incorrect.
Numbers are indicators of where people want to be - on local, state and national configurations.
Numbers are information.
Numbers are inherently harder to remember.
Numbers are innocent.
Numbers are integer or real constants.
Numbers are intellectual witnesses that belong only to mankind.
Numbers are interesting.
Numbers are inviolate.
Numbers are irrelevant to competition.
Numbers are items.
Numbers are juggled and contracts are signed and much to the delight of the man, a profit is made.
Numbers are just a tool to illustrate how the facts interact and affect each other.
Numbers are large and distinctive, for easy viewing even when above or below eye level.
Numbers are larger.
Numbers are legible, symbols conform with handout guidelines.
Numbers are legible, yet unobtrusive, symbols are unmistakable.
Numbers are less important than removing nuclear weapons from hair-trigger status. . . .
Numbers are less important than removing nuclear weapons from hair-trigger status.
Numbers are limited and bookings essential.
Numbers are limited and early advice of requirements for enrollment is essential.
Numbers are limited and fees apply.
Numbers are limited and names are required in advance for security purposes.
Numbers are limited and prior approval is necessary for non-business student to be admitted.
Numbers are limited due to space constraints and health and safety requirements.
Numbers are limited due to the sensitive alpine environment.
Numbers are limited for all programs.
Numbers are limited on some trips.
Numbers are limited so book early.
Numbers are limited so book now to avoid disappointment.
Numbers are limited so booking is essential.
Numbers are limited so please book early to avoid dissapointment.
Numbers are limited to a maximum of fifteen per course.
Numbers are limited to a maximum of twenty-four participants, so bookings are essential.
Numbers are limited to allow for individual attention.
Numbers are limited to ensure all participants received individual attention.
Numbers are limited to ensure personal attention at all times.
Numbers are limited to ensure personal attention.
Numbers are limited to facilitate such participant support.
Numbers are limited to six at a time.
Numbers are limited to ten children per hour so advance booking is essential.
Numbers are limited to twenty delegates per course so early registration is recommended.
Numbers are limited, and all classes tutored unless otherwise stated.
Numbers are limited, so advance booking is recommended.
Numbers are limited, so book early.
Numbers are limited, so bookings are essential.
Numbers are limited, so early booking is advisable.
Numbers are limited, so early booking is advised.
Numbers are limited, so early booking is essential.
Numbers are limited, so early booking is recommended.
Numbers are limited, so please book early.
Numbers are limited, so please call soon.
Numbers are limited, so register soon to avoid disappointment.
Numbers are limited, so register today and avoid disappointment.
Numbers are limited, subject to approval of advisor and current members.
Numbers are limited, subject to availability of roster openings.
Numbers are limited.
Numbers are located in calculations.
Numbers are located in calculators.
Numbers are located in equations.
Numbers are located in offices.
Numbers are located in phone books.
Numbers are located in statistics.
Numbers are located in stores.
Numbers are located in telephone books.
Numbers are low compared to other years but they are capable of laying numerous eggs.
Numbers are low in most places.
Numbers are low throughout the district.
Numbers are magical.
Numbers are major numbers for each major or concentration.
Numbers are meaningless unless the appropriate unit is included.
Numbers are meaningless.
Numbers are merchandise.
Numbers are merely properties of objects like color, texture, etc.
Numbers are messy, symbols confusing.
Numbers are millennia before the present.
Numbers are money.
Numbers are more convenient, but less secure.
Numbers are more impressive in a large group than just having several small groups.
Numbers are most certainly important.
Numbers are much less likely to be used incorrectly.
Numbers are nice, but faces are better.
Numbers are non-transferable.
Numbers are nontransferable.
Numbers are now to be reported on a semester basis.
Numbers are numbers, no matter what.
Numbers are numeric values.
Numbers are numeric values.
Numbers are often hard to come by in the world of religion.
Numbers are often useful.
Numbers are on the increase and resistance to poisons developing.
Numbers are on the left setting circle.
Numbers are one class of data.
Numbers are one thing, quality of life is quite another.
Numbers are one thing.
Numbers are one.
Numbers are only part of the story.
Numbers are optional, but please include at least one number.
Numbers are otherwise down.
Numbers are page numbers in the printed issues.
Numbers are page numbers in the printed prospectus.
Numbers are page references.
Numbers are part of scales.
Numbers are particularly ruthless.
Numbers are parts of speech.
Numbers are percent sand, silt, and clay.
Numbers are percentages.
Numbers are personal.
Numbers are positive identification.
Numbers are powerful things.
Numbers are powerful.
Numbers are precise and mean the same thing to everyone.
Numbers are preferred.
Numbers are probably the only real discovery of mankind.
Numbers are products of pure logic, and so surely they ought to behave in a precise, regular way.
Numbers are quantitative symbols and are therefore used to signify magnitudes.
Numbers are quantities.
Numbers are quick and easy.
Numbers are quite low because of continued poor reproduction.
Numbers are quite popular and many users like to use the numeric keypad to enter numbers.
Numbers are readen as long as they are valid and rest is ignored.
Numbers are real and tangible things.
Numbers are real variable.
Numbers are really quite basic.
Numbers are really up.
Numbers are rear wheel power, corrected to standard day, sea level conditions.
Numbers are reasonably stable and continue to be 'high' from both sites.
Numbers are relative to one another.
Numbers are resident births occurring in North Carolina hospitals.
Numbers are restricted, so apply now.
Numbers are restricted, so students enjoy a better ratio of tutor to student than is usual.
Numbers are right justified with the exception of the medical record number.
Numbers are roughly equivalent throughout the industrialized western world.
Numbers are run, then it is go or no go.
Numbers are scalars.
Numbers are screen printed onto the basic shut the boxes.
Numbers are short, with the session garnering the feeling of a live club date.
Numbers are signs.
Numbers are similar at other parks in the region.
Numbers are similar in most developed countries.
Numbers are similar nationally.
Numbers are simply another type of adjective.
Numbers are size.
Numbers are slightly up, with 'high' numbers.
Numbers are small but fairly stable.
Numbers are small, but that's part of the attraction.
Numbers are so high in Central Texas, the weevils are just too overpowering.
Numbers are sometimes misleading.
Numbers are sometimes significant in the Scriptures.
Numbers are spelt out but abreviations are sorted according to their truncated letters.
Numbers are stable in other parts of their range.
Numbers are still high.
Numbers are strictly limited and allocated on a first come first served basis.
Numbers are strictly limited and bookings are essential.
Numbers are strictly limited and prior booking is essential.
Numbers are strictly limited so please book early.
Numbers are strictly limited, so early pre-registration is advised.
Numbers are strictly limited, so please book early.
Numbers are strictly limited.
Numbers are subject to adjustment.
Numbers are subject to change without notice.
Numbers are subject to change.
Numbers are symbols of transformations, of cycles within the world of nature and spirit.
Numbers are the average of five single sweeps.
Numbers are the basics.
Numbers are the blueprint that determines the shape of atoms and the structure of molecules.
Numbers are the building blocks of life.
Numbers are the closest thing humans have to a cultural universal.
Numbers are the cornerstone of both art and science.
Numbers are the driving force behind policy decisions.
Numbers are the easiest target words to say slowly with emphasis on each syllable.
Numbers are the entire basis of science and mathematics.
Numbers are the first language the computer learned.
Numbers are the fuel of the markets.
Numbers are the highest degree of knowledge.
Numbers are the language of business.
Numbers are the language of public policy.
Numbers are the language of the computer.
Numbers are the mean of five or six observations.
Numbers are the means for the kernel to recognize the devices.
Numbers are the name of the game and everything is on computer.
Numbers are the name of the game.
Numbers are the one true universal language.
Numbers are the only thing that computers understand.
Numbers are the path to truth.
Numbers are the same worldwide.
Numbers are the same, indicating a year course.
Numbers are the score that is used when the two letters are aligned.
Numbers are the simplest and the most uni- versal linguistic invariants.
Numbers are the universal language of the infinite.
Numbers are to be no less than one inch in height.
Numbers are to be of a contrasting color to the background surface.
Numbers are to be placed on both side of each vehicle.
Numbers are to paint what statisticans are to artists.
Numbers are to statisticans what paint is to artists.
Numbers are too low to record.
Numbers are too small for a proper analysis.
Numbers are totally irrelevant.
Numbers are tricky.
Numbers are truly the universal language of our world and beyond.
Numbers are unclear as of yet.
Numbers are uniform units, all the same, with ordinal names for a mere few.
Numbers are unique only within a county.
Numbers are universal.
Numbers are unknown in Washington, North Dakota, and South Dakota.
Numbers are unknown, but critically low.
Numbers are up and so is morale.
Numbers are up for both freshmen and transfers.
Numbers are up New networks support women making that choice.
Numbers are up, although some of the young men are torn between rugby and dance.
Numbers are up, and if last weeks game is any indication, so is the level of play.
Numbers are up, despite the lack of snow last year.
Numbers are up.
Numbers are used for math.
Numbers are used to refer to individual specimens.
Numbers are used to study how the world works.
Numbers are used when things are measured.
Numbers are useful but they can be manipulated and misused.
Numbers are useful when questions are asked.
Numbers are usually higher in the morning and activity increases when barges pass.
Numbers are usually integers.
Numbers are usually on packaging.
Numbers are very beguiling.
Numbers are very important in cyberspace, so make it easier on the shopper.
Numbers are very important to lots of human beings, especially men.
Numbers are very important.
Numbers are very limited because of restrictions on the trail.
Numbers are very limited so booking well in advance is needed.
Numbers are very low.
Numbers are VERY VERY VERY important inside the court.
Numbers are visual range in miles.
Numbers are what business is all about.
Numbers are what the top brass want.
Numbers are white on red and white on blue.
Numbers are worse.
Numbers are, in essence, symbols of other things.
Numbers are, of course, more seductive the larger they get.
Numbers assist in planning for the future.
Numbers attached are the responding percentages.
Numbers attending Cultural activities contribute to the quality of life, and take many forms.
Numbers attract numbers and the systems with the most recent users keep getting more.
Numbers barely can.
Numbers based on small numbers of students also tend to be unstable.
Numbers Be all-inclusive.
Numbers become exciting and magical because students know that THEY have control.
Numbers become figures, and so science become a measuring technique.
Numbers become meaningful when they are assessed as risk-adjusted returns.
Numbers become more than simply abstractions in sequence.
Numbers become nuggets.
Numbers become smaller away from earthquake.
Numbers become the measure of goodness.
Numbers begin at the northwest corner and continue clockwise.
Numbers beginning with a digit other than zero are one-semester course numbers.
Numbers beginning with zero are two-semesters course numbers.
Numbers below are daily averages in thousands of gallons.
Numbers below are for reference.
Numbers below are headcounts.
Numbers below are in millions of dollars.
Numbers build numbers.
Numbers build up over several years until the hive dies.
Numbers can also be attention-grabbers.
Numbers can also be negative.
Numbers can also change when additional personal data is discovered.
Numbers can appear, with or without a decimal point.
Numbers can be ambiguous, and so leave room for political struggles to control their interpretation.
Numbers can be an indication of success . . .
Numbers can be any non-negative real number.
Numbers can be difficult to estimate.
Numbers can be estimates.
Numbers can be high in the hot spots.
Numbers can be in decimal or hex.
Numbers can be inconsistant .
Numbers can be interesting, surprising and telling.
Numbers can be local or long distance.
Numbers can be made to prove many opinions, just consider opinion polls.
Numbers can be octal, decimal or hexadecimal, decimal is default.
Numbers can be organic.
Numbers can be palindromes too.
Numbers can be positive or negative.
Numbers can be positive or zero only.
Numbers can be side by side or one above the next.
Numbers can be so great in places that the ground appears a wriggling mass of black millipedes.
Numbers can be very misleading, depending on how they're used and presented.
Numbers can become more important than people.
Numbers can camouflage good media execution.
Numbers can convey an impressive message.
Numbers can create political communities out of people who share some trait that has been counted.
Numbers can exist as independent values, or they can be used in formulas to calculate other values.
Numbers can fall into more than one classification.
Numbers can frequently be wrong.
Numbers can impart a misleading aura of accuracy.
Numbers can increase dramatically from one season to the next.
Numbers can lie and lead to sub-optimal results.
Numbers can lie.
Numbers can often provide more precision than words and are commonly used in scientific papers.
Numbers can only tell so much.
Numbers can really add impact on a resume.
Numbers can speak louder than words.
Numbers can take on symbolic meaning.
Numbers can tell a fraction of the story.
Numbers can turn things around.
Numbers can vary markedly from year to year.
Numbers cannotsee the sleepless nights, the aching bones.
Numbers capture only a small part of the incalculable loss.
Numbers cause problems also.
Numbers change frequenetly.
Numbers change frequently.
Numbers change throughout the year, based upon staffing requirements.
Numbers Check all calculations with a calculator.
Numbers cited are for asphalt coating.
Numbers cited are for resin coating.
Numbers Click the button to see the correct answer.
Numbers come in to the node from the left, one from the bottom and one from the top.
Numbers come in upper- and lowercase versions.
Numbers come without.
Numbers constitute the only universal language.
Numbers continue consecutively during a two-year session.
Numbers continue to be below average and 'low' from both sites.
Numbers continue to be 'low' from all sites.
Numbers continue to be 'low' from both sites.
Numbers continue to decline and the subspecies is threatened with extinction in the near future.
Numbers continue to decline due to poaching and disturbance from oil exploration.
Numbers continue to decline with the cooler weather.
Numbers continue to decrease.
Numbers continue to drop because of better prevention efforts and the use of new drugs.
Numbers continue to rise into the new year, with 'very high' collections from both sites.
Numbers continue to rise quite dramatically.
Numbers correct on a single ticket.
Numbers correlate with scope and sequence.
Numbers correspond to attached list of cases.
Numbers correspond to description in text.
Numbers correspond to exhibited works listed in the show's brochure.
Numbers correspond to matrix.
Numbers correspond to notes of the relevant Major scale.
Numbers correspond to numbers on price list.
Numbers correspond to page numbers, unless they are indicated to be figure numbers, etc.
Numbers correspond to sites listed below.
Numbers correspond to the chapter number and order of the table in the chapter.
Numbers correspond to the footnote numbers in the text .
Numbers correspond to the map .
Numbers correspond to the map above.
Numbers correspond to the map.
Numbers correspond to the self-guided tour for students.
Numbers correspond with default key on keyboard for selecting a particular weapon.
Numbers count .
Numbers count and our numbers continue to grow.
Numbers count as one, regardless of length.
Numbers count down at the bottom of the screen.
Numbers count for the environment.
Numbers count in numerous ways.
Numbers count in peacetime.
Numbers count in public policy and Minnesota's nonprofit sector needs a strong voice.
Numbers count the generations.
Numbers count up here.
Numbers count, and numbers add up.
Numbers count, especially when influencing public policy.
Numbers count, one person counts.
Numbers covers about years.
Numbers creates a mood through the use of background guitar loops.
Numbers decline markedly in northeastern California in some winters.
Numbers decline over decades.
Numbers decline over past decades.
Numbers decline through the late fall as some birds continue to move further south for the winter.
Numbers define how many lines can be drawn around it.
Numbers definitely are a strength.
Numbers delimited by asterisks are region numbers.
Numbers depend on conditions.
Numbers depend on environmental conditions.
Numbers depend on environmental factors.
Numbers depend on factors.
Numbers depend on the availability of running water and on water temperature.
Numbers depend on various factors.
Numbers depend on wetland conditions.
Numbers depicts our ancestors' wandering in the wilderness.
Numbers desig- nate the order of differentiation of the particular areas.
Numbers develop intensity and allow multiple attacks.
Numbers differ because of item nonresponse.
Numbers differ because of numbering idiosyncrasies in the department.
Numbers display in scientific notation.
Numbers do count.
Numbers do exist, in fact they are the only things which exist.
Numbers do go up and down from year to year, but there is never none.
Numbers do make a difference.
Numbers do offer some guidance.
Numbers don t lie, people.
Numbers don t tell the whole story.
Numbers dwindle rapidly with increasing elevation and distance from the sea.
Numbers Enter the number without any punctuation or spaces.
Numbers equal their squares.
Numbers equate to political clout.
Numbers evaluate to themselves and use integer and real math.
Numbers even bear it out.
Numbers exceed the total headcount because some students take both credit and basic education class.
Numbers exist only in the mind.
Numbers Existing positions retain the same position number.
Numbers explain the enthusiasm.
Numbers fail to tell the real story, and statistics can never meet human needs.
Numbers fall into a sequence, just as life is a sequence of cycles.
Numbers fall once again under a series of nonhosts such as squash, fallow, lettuce, and beans.
Numbers find continual shelter under stones.
Numbers flow across pages of a multi-page form automatically.
Numbers fluctuate erratically, from particularly common to rather uncommon during some years.
Numbers fluctuate greatly from year to year.
Numbers fluctuate locally depending on weather and food availability.
Numbers fluctuate, it was noted, as puppies are born.
Numbers fly across the table like weapons.
Numbers follow a consistent pattern, best illustrated by example.
Numbers follow the initial letter or letters.
Numbers following are the chapter numbers.
Numbers following compression type indicate lossless, lossy, and compression factors used.
Numbers following decimal points are whole numbers.
Numbers following entries indicate issue month and page number.
Numbers following links indicate additional resources.
Numbers following the abbreviated statements refer to the appropriate section of The Drainage Act.
Numbers following the file name indicate size and original date of file.
Numbers following the letter designation are the designations of bureaus and offices.
Numbers following the letters refer to specific standards within the assigned subject.
Numbers following the quotes are paragraph references.
Numbers fuel all sides of the debate.
Numbers generally indicate rank order of observations.
Numbers Get information on gaming revenue and more.
Numbers get more and more absurd.
Numbers give sample size.
Numbers given are averages.
Numbers given are the diameter in millimeters of the top, seat and down tubes, respectively.
Numbers given in boxes are numbers of patients who received the medication.
Numbers given in parentheses indicate the circulation of each newspaper.
Numbers go higher, stocks go higher.
Numbers go up and down.
Numbers guarantee victory.
Numbers gut check.
Numbers have causes - the algorithms that perform the operations on the sets.
Numbers have five components.
Numbers have inherent credibility.
Numbers have no characters, have no reason to fight.
Numbers have no history.
Numbers have no place to hide.
Numbers have no relationship to nuisances.
Numbers have nothing to do with it.
Numbers have parts and aspects.
Numbers have precise, exact meaning.
Numbers have revelatory significance in Scripture.
Numbers have significance.
Numbers have special significance.
Numbers have the advantage of extending on into infinity.
Numbers have their own chillier sort of beauty.
Numbers have to be added up, subtracted, multiplied, divided, and sundry other fun things.
Numbers have to be changed and calculations figured up.
Numbers have to be typed in exactly with no spaces or extra characters.
Numbers have to be used at least once.
Numbers help tell the story.
Numbers Here is an easy one.
Numbers here talks about themselves by themselves without discussing new theories.
Numbers hook up to create the patterns of the universe.
Numbers identify individual fumaroles.
Numbers identify the most conspicuous stars, in descending order of brightness.
Numbers illuminate for easy reading.
Numbers illustrate the growing financial burden of child care.
Numbers immediately following the colon indicate numbered series, volumes or dates.
Numbers increase from east to west, north to south.
Numbers increase greatly in winter.
Numbers increase sequentially eastward and letters advance alphabetically northward.
Numbers increase through spring, but diminish in summer in southern California.
Numbers increase within each section in the direction indicated by the arrows.
Numbers indicate a letter's scoring value.
Numbers indicate amino acid termination points of each truncation.
Numbers indicate area codes that the number is good for.
Numbers indicate closest pantone reference.
Numbers indicate consecutive number of years as a winner.
Numbers indicate different isotopes.
Numbers indicate distance in meters.
Numbers indicate fatalities.
Numbers indicate feet above sea level.
Numbers indicate how many panoramas are available of each locality.
Numbers indicate inches of water deficit per one foot of soil.
Numbers indicate independent samples.
Numbers indicate individuals of each species.
Numbers indicate locations mentioned in the text.
Numbers indicate locations of gravity anomalies discussed in text.
Numbers indicate lysozyme percentage aa sequence conservation between shown organisms.
Numbers indicate magnitude of difference and there is a fixed zero point.
Numbers indicate max.
Numbers indicate measurement positions.
Numbers indicate mileage from a fixed point.
Numbers indicate more than one entry from that author was chosen.
Numbers indicate multiple volumes, or sections of a very large work.
Numbers indicate nanomoles of systolic calcium.
Numbers indicate non-extreme fit or multiple references.
Numbers indicate normal annual precipitation.
Numbers indicate number of code points per symbol.
Numbers indicate pages.
Numbers indicate parsimony bootstrap scores for the branch.
Numbers indicate place and order of cluster seed.
Numbers indicate progression of infection.
Numbers indicate quantity of subject terms to display.
Numbers indicate relative loading times.
Numbers indicate reservoirs formed by navigation dams and known locally as pools.
Numbers indicate resolution in line pairs per centimeter.
Numbers indicate return visits.
Numbers indicate sample length in seconds.
Numbers indicate semester credit hours.
Numbers indicate steps in a process.
Numbers indicate students' ages.
Numbers indicate subunit size in kDa.
Numbers indicate term course offered.
Numbers indicate that turnover has increased as well.
Numbers indicate the credited sources which are listed following.
Numbers indicate the group size or number of specimens from a given site.
Numbers indicate the magnitude of difference between items, but there is no absolute zero point.
Numbers indicate the number of degrees granted by that institution to deputies.
Numbers indicate the residue positions relative to the start of transcription.
Numbers indicate the tally of proposals or individuals in a given category.
Numbers indicate year, month and page number.
Numbers indicates the volume and page.
Numbers indicating addresses following names are superscript.
Numbers injured are inestimable.
Numbers involved with reprivatisation, at least on paper, are very significant.
Numbers is actually a sequel to the Book of Exodus.
Numbers is an album of listenable pop-rock, well arranged and radio ready.
Numbers is another profitable type of gambling.
Numbers is called numbers because they counted the people.
Numbers is Houston s oldest venue featuring live local, international and breaking alternative acts.
Numbers is power.
Numbers is primarily a book of historical experience, life lessons.
Numbers is red indicate lowest test score has been replaced by a research paper.
Numbers is the wilderness book of the Old Testament.
Numbers juggling is the goal of juggling as many objects as possible.
Numbers juggling records are noted by a number of organisations.
Numbers jump their sequence mid-block and so do street names.
Numbers just fly in one ear and out the other.
Numbers just happen to be easy to verify.
Numbers just pop in at some places.
Numbers keep going up as community continues to grow.
Numbers lack the power to stir souls.
Numbers laid by any particular species can vary from a few single eggs to many thousands.
Numbers Learn to count in Hebrew.
Numbers lend credibility to the human resource function.
Numbers lie or can be used to distort the facts.
Numbers light up automatically at night and turn off in the morning.
Numbers light up, and four people leave the room.
Numbers listed above are valid.
Numbers listed are an average.
Numbers listed are average framerate.
Numbers listed are extensions.
Numbers listed are percentages.
Numbers listed in parentheses are the approximate number of taxa that have been identified to date.
Numbers listed include the full international code to access Mexico directly.
Numbers listed refer to last digit in case number.
Numbers listed under search engines indicate position assigned to a site in their results.
Numbers look a little bare.
Numbers look hard and fast.
Numbers look impressive.
Numbers make a difference.
Numbers make history in the music business.
Numbers make it easy to aggregate impact data and summarize accomplishments succinctly.
Numbers make people's eyes glaze over.
Numbers make power in matters of public policy.
Numbers make recall and navigation much easier.
Numbers make the presentation of impact data simple.
Numbers mark paper-sized research contributions.
Numbers matter less.
Numbers mean clout and power.
Numbers mean different things to different people.
Numbers mean little.
Numbers mean nothing.
Numbers mean people, and that's something that women seem to be able to remember better than men.
Numbers means census, counting.
Numbers multiplied by four are always even.
Numbers Multiplying complex numbers is the same as multiplying polynomials.
Numbers never convince.
Numbers Never give gifts in sets of four.
Numbers never tell the whole story, of course, but they help.
Numbers now fluctuate from year to year with myxomatosis.
Numbers now have a thousands separator.
Numbers only creates a question that can only be answered numerically.
Numbers only decline to background levels when there is a prolonged dry period again.
Numbers only tell part of the story, however.
Numbers only tell part of the story.
Numbers outrank letters in most cases.
Numbers overall are close to average, although quite variable between sites.
Numbers paint a better picture than overdone prose.
Numbers paint pictures that open pocketbooks for donations.
Numbers placed on garage doors are only visible if the door is closed.
Numbers play a large game in strike craft wars.
Numbers play an important role because the scale of the energy needed to keep out society is huge.
Numbers possess a dual nature and can represent either a positive or a negative force.
Numbers precede letters in title list displays.
Numbers preceded by a P refer to papyri, the letters refer to parchment manuscripts.
Numbers preceding each sample are reference numbers from the manual.
Numbers preceeding lines indicate which line it is in a particular column.
Numbers proceed from north to south.
Numbers prove that the content enhancements are in tune with what readers want.
Numbers prove that the victory came as no easy task.
Numbers provide a code for uniquely identifying objects.
Numbers provide a more accurate form of identifier.
Numbers provide information.
Numbers provide recorded information, personalized counseling, referrals and written materials.
Numbers provide specific information.
Numbers provide specifications.
Numbers provided above are exactly as provided from the pie chart.
Numbers provided above are exactly as seen from the pie chart.
Numbers provided are approximate, based on self-reported data.
Numbers provided here are field estimates.
Numbers range from one to ten gallons of waste water per gallon of treated water.
Numbers reach tens of thousands per cubic meter of water.
Numbers read in English instead of in Maltese.
Numbers really count.
Numbers refer either to the generation or endnotes.
Numbers refer to accompanying microfiche collection.
Numbers refer to adults who use the Internet weekly in business and at home.
Numbers refer to cases.
Numbers refer to chapters unless noted as parts or pages.
Numbers refer to days unless otherwise specified.
Numbers refer to dollar amounts.
Numbers refer to entires in the Cumulative list of essays and book reviews.
Numbers refer to exercises in Jacob's book.
Numbers refer to field trip sites.
Numbers refer to households.
Numbers refer to items on the papyrus.
Numbers refer to list of citations.
Numbers refer to map .
Numbers refer to months.
Numbers refer to pages.
Numbers refer to publications listed below.
Numbers refer to sections in Griffiths second edition.
Numbers refer to sections in the textbook.
Numbers refer to sections of chapters.
Numbers refer to serial numbers of individual instruments.
Numbers refer to species above.
Numbers refer to specific academic standards.
Numbers refer to stations in the list of stations offering courses , and on map .
Numbers refer to text chapters.
Numbers refer to textbook sections.
Numbers refer to the annotated citations in the source section.
Numbers refer to the book numbers at the top right of the pages.
Numbers refer to the different floristic regions of the southwest.
Numbers refer to the fret position.
Numbers refer to the list of articles where first authors are listed alphabetically.
Numbers refer to the location of the collection on the map.
Numbers refer to the map at right.
Numbers refer to the number of sites sampled.
Numbers refer to the numbers on the sketch at the top of the page.
Numbers refer to the order in which vortices appear in the storm.
Numbers refer to the studio locations on the new map page .
Numbers refer to the table above.
Numbers refer to thickness values.
Numbers refer to typical hazardous locations discussed in text.
Numbers refer to unique well identifier.
Numbers reflect fiscal year records.
Numbers reflect only the main public library.
Numbers reflect the emotions barbecue provokes.
Numbers reflect the total number of new applications, renewal applications and modifications.
Numbers remain fairly low and injury minimal.
Numbers remain high on coastal estuaries through winter.
Numbers replace intellect.
Numbers replace names at switching offices.
Numbers represent a percentage of base salary.
Numbers represent age in days.
Numbers represent average response time in seconds.
Numbers represent change along each branch.
Numbers represent cumulative counts of students from the schools during five-year period.
Numbers represent cumulative rainfall for specified period.
Numbers represent grade levels.
Numbers represent imperiled species during years of listing activity.
Numbers represent indicated pairs.
Numbers represent level to which drawbar is extended.
Numbers represent miles.
Numbers represent negotiating strength at the bargaining table.
Numbers represent percent of new full-time faculty with any reported postdoctoral research training.
Numbers represent percentage of each stroke type preceded by transient ischemic attack.
Numbers represent percentages.
Numbers represent the average market price of commercially available recreational activities.
Numbers represent the body number at that plant.
Numbers represent the frequency distribution of taxa for each category.
Numbers represent the positions of the amino acids.
Numbers represent the pulse of life and are considered sacred.
Numbers represent the quantity of empty squares between pieces on a row.
Numbers represent typical memory accesses achieved in terms of number of wait states.
Numbers represent water sampling stations.
Numbers represent wins.
Numbers representing measurements are only as accurate as the device used for measuring.
Numbers required in any event are small, rendering conversions less onerous.
Numbers reveal a certain part of understanding.
Numbers reveal nothing about motivation.
Numbers scattered through text are page references.
Numbers seem to be decreasing.
Numbers seem to be holding steady and no parasitism was observed.
Numbers seem to be slowly increasing.
Numbers seem to bear that out.
Numbers seem to decline sharply after that, but some occur all summer.
Numbers seem to pop in and out of nowhere for no apparent reason.
Numbers seem to rise every week.
Numbers serve to introduce the story.
Numbers shed light on the kind of potential both Spike and others in the outdoor industry see.
Numbers show that heroin has made inroads in Carroll and other suburban counties.
Numbers show that publishing online is a tough business.
Numbers show the bootstrap values, a measure of the confidence level, for each branchpoint.
Numbers show the ordering of tube attachment.
Numbers show the overall death rate dropped.
Numbers show the percent of old stream types classified in each category.
Numbers show up as fractions.
Numbers shown above the arrows are depths above the bottom.
Numbers shown here are yearly maxima per species per quadrat.
Numbers shown in parentheses indicate a decrease.
Numbers shown in the tables are actual numbers of respondents.
Numbers shown in the upper left pairs are the X coordinate and the width of the object.
Numbers shown on each curve are the ratio of skin depth to wire radius.
Numbers simply indicate.
Numbers slip in and out of each other to a disadvantage.
Numbers speak for themselves.
Numbers speak to selected officials.
Numbers speak volumes.
Numbers speak with a strong voice.
Numbers spell truth, and the truth in advanced service deployments is almost startling.
Numbers start from zero and are automatically incremented each time an image is saved.
Numbers start in the center of the city, and have compass octants attached.
Numbers start with the country code.
Numbers still appear to decline.
Numbers still look good.
Numbers support that wistful emotion.
Numbers swell with each passing generation, the report finds.
Numbers switch to an answerphone in the absence of a receptionist.
Numbers tag following the image.
Numbers take on meaning and relevance by supplying a reference point everyone can relate to.
Numbers take preference over letters.
Numbers takes it's name from censuses and lists of the Israelites.
Numbers Talk .
Numbers tell a part of the story.
Numbers tell a story of dependence.
Numbers tell how many items are in each category.
Numbers tell it all.
Numbers tell only a small part of the ultimate success story.
Numbers tell only part of the story, but they are sufficient for the moment.
Numbers tell only part of the story.
Numbers tell part of the story about consumers' love affair with electronics.
Numbers tell part of the story.
Numbers tell the overall story.
Numbers tell the story.
Numbers tells the tale.
Numbers tend to be clustered around the diagonal.
Numbers tends to be quite an easy game.
Numbers then rise to high levels across successive melon plantings.
Numbers too can form palindromes, as in an amusing old party trick.
Numbers transcend the limits of our world.
Numbers translate into power.
Numbers translate to scores.
Numbers turn out wrong.
Numbers update in real time.
Numbers Use the numbers to determine how many bombs are within any area of the game.
Numbers Use words to express numbers smaller than ten or at the beginning of a sentence.
Numbers used are for example only - consult legends to determine appropriate position code.
Numbers used by economists have entirely different meanings from numbers used by nuclear physicists.
Numbers used in tales adds emphasis upon the descriptions.
Numbers used in the following examples are hypothetical.
Numbers vary according to seasons and general energy.
Numbers vary and can be located on Sneak Prevue.
Numbers vary because of the structure of the observation.
Numbers vary depending on the job market.
Numbers vary depending on the school's type or size.
Numbers vary depending upon the precise wording of the question asked by the pollsters.
Numbers vary from venue to venue.
Numbers vary from year to year.
Numbers vary greatly depending on the source of information and the time of day.
Numbers vary greatly from year to year.
Numbers vary slightly among the numerous studies done regarding fatal black bear attacks.
Numbers vary, depending on who's talking.
Numbers visit the locality every year for refreshment.
Numbers Welcome to . . .
Numbers work like that.
Numbers Write numbers from zero to nine as words.
Numbers Write out any number ten and under.
Numbers always impress employers.
Numbers always precede letters.
Numbers always speak louder than words.
Numbers often get entered as letters or visa versa, be super careful.
Number usually refers to the number of individuals present.
Numbers usually end with an 'o' when used within a date.
All numbers above indicate the maximum stable speeds.
All numbers above refer to the amount of bits.
All numbers appear on the left side of the squiggly line.
All numbers appearing in bold type are exact equivalents.
All numbers are an approximation.
All numbers are approximate and make several assumptions about overhead costs, labor costs, etc.
All numbers are approximate.
All numbers are arbitrary examples.
All numbers are as of that date.
All numbers are available to members and the general public as long as supplies last.
All numbers are below.
All numbers are black.
All numbers are byte offsets from the beginning of the page.
All numbers are clickable.
All numbers are cumulative during the day.
All numbers are cumulative.
All numbers are currently active.
All numbers are decimal unless otherwise noted.
All numbers are equal to zero.
All numbers are equally prime and non-prime until observed.
All numbers are equally succulent.
All numbers are estimates.
All numbers are exacts and mathc with the labels.
All numbers are for humans unless otherwise indicated.
All numbers are for illustration purposes only.
All numbers are for illustrative purposes only.
All numbers are for Nassau County, unless otherwise noted.
All numbers are for public schools only.
All numbers are for the main campus unless otherwise noted.
All numbers are for the United States only.
All numbers are good estimates, but are subject to change.
All numbers are hexadecimal.
All numbers are in Albuquerque.
All numbers are in big-endian order unless otherwise stated.
All numbers are in big-endian, unless otherwise stated.
All numbers are in decimal notation, except mode which is octal.
All numbers are in feet for ease of comparison to the map.
All numbers are in gagbytes.
All numbers are in hex.
All numbers are in hexadecimal notation.
All numbers are in hexadecimal.
All numbers are in hexes, multiply by two to get inches.
All numbers are in megalamda.
All numbers are in Millions of dollars and cover North American sales, only.
All numbers are in millions of dollars.
All numbers are in millions.
All numbers are in percentages.
All numbers are in the orange binder phone book.
All numbers are in thousands, except per share data.
All numbers are in today's dollars.
All numbers are in U.S. dollars.
All numbers are in units of megabytes per second.
All numbers are in units of nights.
All numbers are in weight percent.
All numbers are in working condition.
All numbers are in years.
All numbers are inclusive.
All numbers are instrumental.
All numbers are integers, except for the seconds which are fractional.
All numbers are integers.
All Numbers Are Interesting - A constructive demonstration.
All numbers are interesting.
All numbers are local to the area listed.
All numbers are local, toll-free access.
All numbers are mathmatically correct.
All numbers are mean scores unless otherwise indicated .
All numbers are minimum values.
All numbers are on the officers page.
All numbers are pages from the text.
All numbers are paperbound.
All numbers are parts per million.
All numbers are percentages.
All numbers are platters per month.
All numbers are positive.
All numbers are preliminary. .
All numbers are random and audited for each draw.
All numbers are real.
All numbers are right-aligned in a cell.
All numbers are single-family and town house sales.
All numbers are stored without spaces, so please just enter the digits.
All numbers are subject to change.
All numbers are subject to rounding.
All numbers are to have labels.
All numbers are totals for the entire tested configuration unless noted otherwise.
All numbers are totals for the tested configuration unless noted otherwise.
All numbers are whole numbers.
All numbers below are in hexadecimal.
All numbers below are in the area code unless otherwise indicated.
All numbers below are in the decimal numbering system.
All numbers can vary somewhat.
All numbers connect to the same modem pool.
All numbers correct.
All numbers corresponding to a fractional part of the whole circle belong to one cycle or another.
All numbers dress alike in an identical pale blue 'unif', a gender-neutral outfit.
All numbers given are accurate to the best of our knowledge.
All numbers given are approximate.
All numbers given here are suggestions only.
All numbers have a factor of one since one multiplied by any number equals that number.
All numbers have Gbytes as units.
All numbers have life and significant meaning.
All numbers have to be whole numbers.
All numbers have two digits to the right of the decimal point.
All numbers have voice mail.
All numbers illustrate the cost differences between the two systems, rather than raw costs.
All numbers listed below are available now.
All numbers listed below are for the state of Alabama.
All numbers listed below are in millions and the totals include bonuses.
All numbers listed below are nonemergency numbers.
All numbers match except backstrap.
All numbers match.
All numbers mentioned are subject to change.
All numbers move as their digital forms.
All numbers point to a drastic decrease in the amount of sea ice on top of the world.
All numbers posted by the site are unofficial.
All numbers refer to chapters of required texts.
All numbers refer to chapters unless designated pp.
All numbers refer to the amount of bits.
All numbers refer to the highest count in recent years.
All numbers refer to U.S. market unless specified.
All numbers reflect percentages.
All numbers reflect statewide loans and inventory.
All numbers reflect the latest update of the database. . .
All numbers represent column percentages.
All numbers represent estimates.
All numbers represent the percentage of a given element by mass.
All numbers represented are grade equivalency.
All numbers representing credit are in quarters hours or quarter units.
All numbers seem to be composed of certain other numbers called primes.
All numbers start from left to right and from top to bottom.
All numbers support both types of access.
All numbers used are real numbers. .
All numbers used are real numbers.
Any number allows to compute a faithful abstraction.
Any Number Can Die.
Any Number Can Play .
Any number can play now and the players can be of any race.
Any number can play the ordinary language game, but nobody ever wins.
Any number can play, but things really get bogged down with more than four players.
Any number can play.
Any Number Can Play.
Any number can.
Any number chosen is subject to debate.
Any number divided by itself equals one , except if that number is zero .
Any number divided by itself equals one, except if that number is zero.
Any number divided by zero has no answer.
Any number is a potential threat to crop production.
Any number is assumed to be a base-ten number, unless some other base is indicated.
Any number is divisible by one.
Any number is either a part or parts of any number, the less of the greater.
Any number is either prime or is measured by some prime number.
Any number is too few.
Any number multiplied by zero equals zero.
Any number multiplied by zero gives zero.
Any number multiplied by zero is zero.
Any number multiplied by zero, is zero.
Any number multiplied with one is that number.
Any number previously stored is replaced.
Any number raised to the first power is equal to itself.
Any number raised to the power of one equals itself.
Any number times Nine equals Nine.
Any numbers regarding population are guesses.
Every number also participates in sums, as an addend or augend.
Every number comes before infinity.
Every number contains interviews with directors, reviews of recent films and books about cinema.
Every number corresponds to a science or discipline.
Every number equals itself.
Every number has a square and a square root.
Every number has the same chance of being drawn.
Every number has to go The sun was sinking low.
Every number is a high-spirited romp.
Every number is amazing.
Every number is better than the one preceeding.
Every number is either one or the other, but never both.
Every number is equal to itself.
Every number is explained and analyzed and explained again.
Every number is good.
Every number is soft.
Every number is unique and can be expressed in many different ways.
Every number is used as the base of one of the columns.
Every number makes a different spiral.
Every number mentioned openly in the Bible is a key number for theomatics.
Every number tells a story.
Every number tickles the funny bone of anyone who ever went to school, public or private.
Every number wears a disguise.
Every number yields a different pattern.
More numbers mean fewer busy signals.
More numbers means fewer busy signals and random disconnects.
More numbers tell more stories.
Most numbers are available.
Most numbers are defective because they have very few factors.
Most numbers are divided by numbers.
Most numbers are either integers or doubles.
Most numbers are toll free.
Most numbers can book all available international rentals also.
Most numbers decline over decades.
Most numbers decline over past decades.
Most numbers depend on conditions.
Most numbers depend on environmental conditions.
Most numbers depend on environmental factors.
Most numbers depend on factors.
Most numbers depend on various factors.
Most numbers depend on wetland conditions.
Most numbers dialled are several digits longer, and therefore pass through a chain of selectors.
Most numbers have a unit.
Most numbers have it too, and some symbols.
Most numbers have significance.
Most numbers have special significance.
Most numbers have special title pages and separate pagination.
Most numbers provide information.
Most numbers provide specific information.
Most numbers provide specifications.
Most numbers seem to refer to the number of soldiers a lord or officer commanded.
Most numbers start out as a binary numbers or a number in base two.
Some number times some part of the construction costs.
Some numbers affect outcomes.
Some numbers appear more often than others.
Some numbers are affected by factors.
Some numbers are available only in complete sets.
Some numbers are available with training videos or promotional material.
Some numbers are bad luck when they are combined with other numbers.
Some numbers are easy and some are hard to pronounce.
Some numbers are extremely unlucky.
Some numbers are famous.
Some numbers are hopeful.
Some numbers are in microfiche.
Some numbers are just magic numbers.
Some numbers are just too big to fit into a fixed-size number representation.
Some numbers are more significant than others.
Some numbers are odd, but all odd things are numbers.
Some numbers are palindromes.
Some numbers are pertinent.
Some numbers are problems for students.
Some numbers are recordings that announce the course schedules.
Some numbers are simply patent codes with no value.
Some numbers contribute to male mate success.
Some numbers contribute to mate success.
Some numbers contribute to success.
Some numbers correspond to development.
Some numbers correspond to energy levels.
Some numbers correspond to levels.
Some numbers decline over centuries.
Some numbers decline over last centuries.
Some numbers do look good.
Some numbers ensure survival.
Some numbers exceed capacity.
Some numbers exceed carry capacity.
Some numbers exceed cultural carry capacity.
Some numbers fall within ranges.
Some numbers have an unlimited number of significant figures.
Some numbers have effects.
Some numbers have Latin influences.
Some numbers have reaction.
Some numbers have severe reaction.
Some numbers have similarity.
Some numbers have vibration.
Some numbers increase over years.
Some numbers indicate growth.
Some numbers indicate the size of books.
Some numbers make special ratios.
Some numbers match up with quite a few combinations.
Some numbers never lie.
Some numbers occur during years.
Some numbers offer recorded information.
Some numbers provide evidence.
Some numbers provide little evidence.
Some numbers provide solutions.
Some numbers reflect different perceptions of the state of things in America.
Some numbers remain the same to offices while other numbers have become outgoing numbers only.
Some numbers remain troubling.
Some numbers resonate through the human psyche and have meanings beyond their quantitative value.
Some numbers sound very similar so enunciate the numbers slowly and clearly.
Some numbers take a long time to yield a palindrome.
Some numbers take more than one addition.
Some numbers vary from countries.
Some numbers vary from years.
Numbered addresses are more commonly mis-read.
Numbered arrows indicate the peaks that occur where an additional electron enters the dot.
Numbered assignments are due by the deadline posted on the syllabus.
Numbered avenues run east and west while numbered streets run north and south.
Numbered bands are available in a variety of colors.
Numbered boxes go directly from school to school.
Every numbered building has an entrance to the system.
Numbered bullets appear as the default bullet defined in the slide master.
Numbered charms are available in small or large, single or double-digit numbers.
Numbered circles represent valve ports.
Numbered correspondence relating mainly to U.S.- German commercial relations, ca.
Numbered divisions protect club heads and shafts.
Numbered exams indicate that the students sat next to each other during the test.
Numbered footnotes are at the end of each chapter.
Numbered footnotes are the author's, corrected.
Numbered headings are also acceptable with permission of the student's major professor.
Numbered icons identify each property.
Numbered items lead to more specific information on the topic.
Numbered items listed after a standard are to be interpreted as part of the entire standard.
Numbered items refer to information typically included in each area.
Every numbered item is a function.
Numbered list are perfect for outlining the steps in a procedure.
Numbered lists are especially handy for all sorts of agreements, contracts, instructions, etc.
Numbered lists are lists produced with numbers in front of each entry.
Numbered lists are more difficult to use.
Numbered Lists identify a sequence of steps.
Numbered lists work exactly the same way as bullet lists.
Numbered lists work the same way as bullet lists.
Numbered markers correspond to the interpretive leaflet.
Numbered modules contain the module objectives and readings for each in-class session.
Numbered names indicate species described and unquestioned in print.
Numbered pamphlets begin with no.
Numbered posts correspond to short descriptions in the brochure.
Numbered posts mark the way.
Numbered prints are still available.
Numbered problems are from Townsend.
Numbered productions are part of our subscription season, but all dates are open to the public.
Numbered references are to the tour section of the book.
Numbered responses follow the list of questions.
Numbered sections allow for easy assembly and dismantling.
Numbered series becomes unnumbered.
Many numbered series are easily mistaken for serials.
Numbered shortcuts can make starting frequently used apps a breeze.
Numbered signs begin after the second bridge.
Numbered signs relate to a pamphlet giving information about indigenous plants and local features.
Numbered spaces are for assigned use only.
Numbered spaces earn bonus points.
Numbered steps indicate procedures.
Numbered steps provide detailed instructions to help students easily learn new skills.
Numbered streets are always to be represented as numerics values.
Numbered streets are regular but some lettered streets have omissions.
Numbered streets run north and south, intersected by named streets going east and west.
Numbered streets run north and south, lettered ones run east and west.
Numbered streets run north to south.
Numbered streets run north-south.
Numbered streets stretch north to south.
All numbered streets run north and south and the lettered streets run east and west.
Numbered uniforms are to be worn by all team members.
All numbering systems follow the same rules.
Numbers magic works across the political spectrum.
Most numbers stations keep very precise schedules.
Numbness isa symptom.
A numeral is a symbol
Numerals are acceptable.
Numerals are an invention of man.
Numerals are Arabic.
Numerals are in reference to hotels listed above.
Numerals are in Sanskrit.
Numerals are notation.
Numerals are on the basis of twenty, the number of fingers on a person's hands and feet.
Numerals are parts of speech.
Numerals are readable by humans but the other characters are just bars.
Numerals are sand cut into each piece and hand painted for ease of viewing.
Numerals are 'small cap numerals', lining but lower than cap height.
Numerals are symbols.
Numerals are valid to use in passwords.
Numerals follow the nouns they modify.
Numerals indicate how many seats are in each unit, and hyphens represent aisles.
Numerals precede letters.
Numerals Quickly convert between Roman and Arabic numerals.
Numerals serve as shorthand for amateur radio jocks.
All numerals are Arabic.
Numeration includes place values, ordering and comparing numbers as well as the rounding of numbers.
Numeration is an investigation
A numerator is a dividend
Numerator is the number of animals sensitive.
Numercial optimisation is used to determine the equaliser order and parameters.
Numeric access lends itself to stepping through the fields or attributes with a loop index.
Numeric addresses are four sets of three- digit numbers separated by periods.
Numeric argument decides the level of indent.
All numeric cards have a value equal to their number.
Numeric classifications use numbers or dates to arrange information.
Numeric codes are completely impersonal.
Numeric constants are copied as is.
All numeric constants are always in hex.
Numeric criteria can provide effective monitoring criteria for inclusion in permits.
Numeric databases consist of tables or statistics.
Numeric databases contain data extracted from a source document, or a data collection.
Numeric databases supply quantitative data.
Numeric data can be real or complex numbers, as well as vectors and matrices.
Numeric designations correspond to individual pipelines.
Numeric entries are generally right-justified within the field.
Any numeric expression is a valid response.
Numeric field asks for an exact match.
Numeric fields can have any one of a number of different formats.
Numeric fields make it effortless to perform counts and calculations.
All numeric fields are to be right justified.
Numeric figure indicates low end, alpha character corresponds to high end.
Numeric filing includes straight numeric, decimal and chronological filing systems.
Numeric form is described here.
Numeric form is necessary for triggering the prediction algorithms in serials control systems.
Numeric functions return numeric values and string functions return string values.
Numeric grades are no problem.
All numeric information is converted to Arabic numbers, e.g. First ed.
All numeric information is converted to Arabic numbers.
Numeric keypads are programmable.
Numeric markup cuts out that lookup stage and specifies the raw character code directly.
Numeric messages are special replies send by the server to the client in the raw irc protocol.
Numeric notation is preferred.
Numeric objectives apply to broad classes of beneficial uses.
Numeric operators specify computations to be performed on the values of numeric operands.
Numeric pagers display telephone numbers to call back.
Numeric pyramids represent the number of individuals on each trophic level of a food chain.
Numeric questions incorporate a simple number 'keypad' on screen which is easy to use.
Numeric range searches only work with positive integers.
Numeric ratings are one of the most abused components of any measurement and assessment system.
Numeric results can be output to the papertape and subsequently printed or saved as a text file.
Numeric text is parsed into floating point numbers.
Numeric types can be mask or value based.
Numeric types provide a means of performing exact or approximate numerical computations.
All numeric types have finite range.
Numeric values are equivalent to kilobase pairs.
Numeric values are inclusive of the value entered.
Numeric values are quantities.
Numeric values are right justified and text is left justified.
Numeric values are true if they are non-zero and false if they are zero.
Numeric values can be in decimal or hexadecimal.
Some numeric value falls outside of the range of values accepted by the request.
Some numeric value falls outside the range of the values accepted by the request.
Some numeric value falls outside the range of values accepted by the request.
Some numeric value falls outside the range of values accepted by the XChangeDeviceControl request.
Some numeric value falls outside the range of values accepted by the XChangeFeedbackControl request.
Numeric variables are continuous measures.
Numeric variables can only contain numbers and maybe a decimal point.
Numeric variables come in several varieties.
Numeric variables have quantifiable values composed of numbers.
Numeric variables represent numbers and can be input only as numerals.
Numerica information is provided for the customer's internal use only.
Numerical ability is required to calculate drug doses.
Numerical abnormalities are either a gain or loss of chromosomes.
A numerical analysis is science
Numerical analysis concerns the fastest and most accurate way to solve numerical problems.
Numerical analysis covers a large interface between computer science and applied mathematics.
Numerical analysis involoves designing and testing computer algorithms which give accurate results.
Numerical analysis involves the study of numerical algorithms for solving mathematical problems.
Numerical analysis is a big topic, and gets technical very fast.
Numerical analysis is discussed using applied finite element concepts.
Numerical analysis is essentially the study of approximations.
Numerical analysis is of course one of the most important areas of applied mathematics.
Numerical analysis is the art of applying theoretical mathematics to scientific problems.
Numerical analysis is the study of the mathematics of the previous century.
Numerical analysis is what connects continuous mathematics with computers and computing.
Numerical analysis presents different faces to the world.
Numerical aperture is THE factor that determines thickness sensitivity.
Numerical approaches are more precise and objective.
Numerical approaches provide a key to discovering the behavior of the time dependent solutions.
Numerical approximation is obtained by both explicit and implicit schemes.
Numerical arguments use widgets which only accept numerical values.
Numerical assessments are vital for the success of any diversity plan.
Numerical calculations are limited to simple arithmetic.
Numerical calculations show both qualitative and quantitative agreement with experiment.
Numerical calculations show that a long-lived, robust vortex can persist in the solar nebula.
Numerical coefficients are constant factors.
Numerical comparisons are also problematic.
Numerical components have the usual filter put on the OnKeyClicked event.
Numerical computations confirm that it is successful.
Numerical computations show that the formulas give good estimation of the limit cycle amplitude.
All numerical conditions are satisfied.
Numerical convergence is required for both the values and the weights.
Numerical data are extremely shaky.
Numerical data are likely to be either unavailable or unreliable.
Numerical data are the sources of information.
Numerical data can be discrete or continuous .
Numerical data can be either discrete or continuous.
Numerical data converted directly into sound becomes qualitative.
Numerical data is cited.
Numerical data is great stuff.
Numerical data is present, but no attempt has been made at comparisons.
Numerical data is presented in charts and graphs.
Numerical data is provided on charts and figures.
Numerical data is typical.
Numerical data provide important information, but they are just one type of information.
Numerical data show that workers are split between a preference for hourly and piece-rate wages.
Numerical derivative are quite useful in analyzing spectral peaks.
Numerical designation indicates level of proficiency in the topic.
Numerical displays provide frame position, duration and file size.
Numerical dissipation is added using a characteristic splitting.
Numerical effort is decreased by making use of properties of environmental models.
Numerical equality is commutative.
Numerical errors appear during the computation.
Numerical estimates are too difficult given the magnification.
Numerical estimates have the additional advantage that the candidates can be rank-ordered.
Numerical estimation is a reasoning skill.
Numerical evaluations play a larger role here.
Numerical evidence suggests that for .
Numerical evidence supporting the validity and usefulness of the linearization is included.
Numerical example is presented supporting the analysis.
Numerical examples confirm our theoretical results.
Numerical examples confirm the theoretical results.
Numerical examples demonstrate that it is far more robust and accurate than the previous ones.
Numerical examples demonstrate that our algorithm works for more general settings, too.
Numerical examples demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed scheme.
Numerical examples demonstrate the theoretical results.
Numerical examples illustrate how different parameters of the model affect the optimal policy.
Numerical examples illustrate our approach.
Numerical examples illustrate the advantages in accuracy thus achievable.
Numerical examples illustrate the analysis.
Numerical examples illustrate the effectiveness of our approach.
Numerical examples illustrate the effectiveness of our techniques.
Numerical examples illustrate the effectiveness of the new simulation tools.
Numerical examples prove the new scheme efficient.
Numerical examples show that the difference can be considerable.
Numerical examples show the asymptotic error analysis to be valid already for moderate values of N .
Numerical examples show the predicted high orders of convergence.
Numerical examples show the reliability of the derivative formula.
Numerical examples show the stability and efficiency of the algorithm.
Numerical examples show the usefulness of the proposed algorithms.
Numerical examples show the validity and effectiveness of the proposed methodology.
Numerical examples verify the results.
More numerical examples are available on the web.
Some numerical examples confirm the advantages of the new forward mode.
Some numerical examples illustrate the theoretical results.
Some numerical examples illustrate thebehaviour of the method.
Numerical experience indicates that related adaptive mesh-refining algorithms are efficient.
Numerical experiments are encouraging.
Numerical experiments are necessary to fully understand the scope of the theory.
Numerical experiments are under way.
Numerical experiments are useful to obtain insight.
Numerical experiments confirm our results.
Numerical experiments confirm the accuracy of the reconstructed eigenvectors in realistic settings.
Numerical experiments confirm the analysis and show the advantage of the present methods.
Numerical experiments confirm the good theoretical properties of the method.
Numerical experiments confirm the high-resolution content of the proposed scheme.
Numerical experiments confirm the remarkable accuracy of the stochastic trace estimator.
Numerical experiments confirm the theoretical results.
Numerical experiments demonstrate the practical performance of the proposed method.
Numerical experiments illustrate the behaviour of the code.
Numerical experiments indicate that the method can speed convergence.
Numerical experiments investigate extensions to more general networks.
Numerical experiments show possible bifurcations in the primary intersections.
Numerical experiments show that convergence is achieved in a few iterations.
Numerical experiments show that, for isolated, noise-free events, the algorithm performs well.
Numerical experiments show the advantage of the present methods for several examples.
Numerical experiments show the efficacy of our method even for quite different right-hand sides.
Numerical experiments show the efficiency and robustness of the preconditioning.
Numerical experiments show the efficiency of the new algorithm.
Numerical experiments show the feasibility and high accuracy of the method.
Numerical experiments show the reliability of the theoretical predictions.
Numerical experiments support the theoretical resalts of the paper.
Numerical experiments support the theoretical results.
Numerical experiments underline the theoretical results.
Numerical experiments verify the derived properties of the new methods.
Numerical fields are sign-leading with explicit decimal points.
All numerical fields are right-justiied fields.
Numerical grade is given to law students.
Numerical grades have little significance as a measurement of the candidate's competency.
Numerical growth is a covenant blessing.
Numerical growth is the goal, no matter what the cost, no matter what the compromise.
Numerical implementation is well suited for supercomputers.
Numerical indices can measure quality when used appropriately.
Numerical indices provide no detailed explanations and offer no possible solutions.
Numerical indicators allow for simple and fast adjustments.
Numerical information is stored as numbers.
Numerical information refers to application numbers.
All numerical information involves numerous judgments about what the number means.
Numerical integration allows investigation of the intermediate case.
Numerical integration is similar.
Numerical labels come in decimal and hexadecimal forms.
Numerical limits allow governments to shift investment to domestic concerns.
Numerical listings are available here .
Any numerical matrix can be either real or complex.
Numerical methods allow for realistic models but are computationally very expensive.
Numerical methods are techniques for finding approximate solutions to mathematical problems.
Numerical methods can work very well, like the example above.
Numerical methods have to be used.
Numerical methods involve less complex equations but more calculation is done at runtime.
Numerical methods redux.
Numerical models are also often unable to accurately simulate the passage of short waves.
Numerical models can show large errors in the modelling of flow around tall topography.
Numerical models permit assessment of moored and drifting buoy hydrodynamic performance.
Numerical models simulate clouds explicitly or with a cumulus parameterization.
Numerical models suggest that the change is related to the termination of the craton.
Numerical models used in the code modules range from semi-implicit to explicit.
Numerical operations are an essential part of the mathematics curriculum.
Numerical order approximates chronology.
Numerical order resumes with the filing of the next estate.
Numerical output includes azimuth, range, and height of the mesocyclone.
Numerical parameters are then generally different, and additional features become active.
Numerical problem solving is emphasized.
Numerical problems are short answer items.
Numerical processing leads to a system of nonlinear and ill-conditioned algebraic equations.
Numerical programming is made as easy as writing mathematical expression .
Numerical progress is often an indicator of spiritual vitality and strong leadership.
Numerical recipes has some good choices at very low cost.
Numerical references are to the latter.
Numerical references following text refer to the table of citations attached hereto.
Numerical references invite jurors to take notes.
Numerical representations can change with regard to measurement units and currency values.
Numerical results are identical to the government sanctioned program in all cases.
Numerical results are identical.
Numerical results are important in ocean engineering.
Numerical results are presented, that verify the theory.
Numerical results conclude the paper.
Numerical results confirm the effectiveness of our algorithm.
Numerical results confirm the efficiency of our methods.
Numerical results demonstrate that the actual condition numbers are relatively small.
Numerical results demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed algorithm.
Numerical results demonstrate the performance of our error estimates.
Numerical results demonstrate the range of applicability of the approximations.
Numerical results demonstrate the spectral convergence of the method.
Numerical results give grid independent convergence in one dimension.
Numerical results give qualitative explanation of experimental data.
Numerical results illustrate the accuracy of the asymptotic approximations.
Numerical results illustrate the effectiveness of the procedures.
Numerical results illustrate the efficiency and the robustness of the proposed method.
Numerical results illustrate the method proposed.
Numerical results illustrate the performance of the method.
Numerical results indicate the effectiveness of the reuse frameworks implemented.
Numerical results show an ameloriation of the ray effect.
Numerical results show near exponential convergence even for equidistant interpolation points.
Numerical results show that by using our proposed method, it gives a good solution.
Numerical results show that microstructural variations give rise to a range of fracture resistance.
Numerical results show that oscillations are confined in the vicinity of the shock.
Numerical results show that significant system performance and capacity improvements are possible.
Numerical results show that the method seems effective and efficient.
Numerical results show that the second method is very promising.
Numerical results show the method to be effective and robust compared with an existing approach.
Numerical results show the method to be effective compared with an existing approach.
Numerical results show the strong potential of the method.
Numerical results support our theoretical analysis.
Some numerical results confirm the predictions.
Some numerical results show that the estimators provide reasonable approximations to the true error.
Numerical runs demonstrate fast convergence of the algorithm for a wide range of parameters.
Numerical scores are available only to the candidate.
Numerical simulation can also yield more consistent results in less time than physical testing.
Numerical simulation confirms the validity of our approach.
Numerical simulation deals with the modelling of a physical situation on a computer.
Numerical simulation is a method of current interest for predicting particulate flows.
Numerical simulation is an important and widely used tool in many areas of condensed matter physics.
Numerical simulation is conducted to illustrate the applicability of our approximation method.
Numerical simulation is never without error.
Numerical simulation is performed on the basis of equations for a narrow channel.
Numerical simulation is the method of choice to understand the model.
Numerical simulation is used to predict fire growth within the compartment of origin.
Numerical simulation plays a very large role in understanding the site.
Numerical simulation proves particularly important here because of the complexity of the model.
Numerical simulation remedies the deficiencies of laboratory and pilot-scale testing.
Numerical simulation requires sub-dividing a circuit into small cells.
Numerical simulations are the main means of research because direct experiments are impossible.
Numerical simulations can help interpret remote sensing data of the ocean surface.
Numerical simulations compare the way of phase space exploration of different genetic operators.
Numerical simulations explore the sharpness of the results.
Numerical simulations fill a gap between physical experiments and analytical approaches.
Numerical simulations illustrate the algorithm's performance on an underactuated planar vehicle.
Numerical simulations mimic some of the observed dynamics and supply a tool to validate the model.
Numerical simulations show good correlation with the experiment.
Numerical simulations show the effectiveness of the proposed filter.
Numerical simulations show the effectiveness of the proposed method.
Numerical simulations suggest that the new bounds are quite tight.
Numerical simulations support our theory.
Numerical software has two characteristics that distinguish it from general software.
Numerical solution appears to be the best one can do.
Numerical solution is plotted by circles.
Numerical solutions approximate the solution to a differential equation.
Numerical solutions are okay.
Numerical solutions confirm the qualitative and quantitative predictions.
Numerical solutions have, however, a number of draw-backs.
Numerical stability is a major concern.
Numerical studies demonstrate that the procedure performs well under practical sample sizes.
Numerical studies indicate that a stable limit cycle appears.
Numerical studies show that for some weight functions, the estimators and tests perform well.
Numerical studies show that the proposed methods are appropriate for practical use.
Numerical summaries are meaningless when the sample is as small as our alumni list.
Numerical superiority ought to somehow figure into all combats.
Numerical systems are quite complicated to set up and maintain.
Numerical tables can be typeset.
Numerical tables instruct the public without exciting their emotions.
Most numerical techniques make assumptions about the data.
Numerical tests confirm the accuracy and robustness of the scheme.
Numerical tests confirm the theoretically predicted results.
Numerical tests demonstrate the speedups possible.
Numerical tests illustrate the results.
Numerical tests show both the stability and the accuracy of the method.
Numerical tests show favorable aspects compared with other approaches.
Numerical tests show speed-ups on two fronts.
Numerical tests show that the approximation algorithm has a good accuracy.
Numerical tests show the good performance of the developed algorithms.
Numerical tests suggest that the method is also stable in the nonlinear regime.
Numerical tests validate the accuracy and robustness of the current kinetic method.
Numerical units used in procedures correspond to the units on the related instrumentation.
A numerical value is an amount
Numerical values are also available of course.
Numerical values are determined for solutions or various data.
Numerical values indicate the brightness levels of individual pixels in digital images.
Numerical values indicate the concentration of each primer in the final reaction.
All numerical values are in radians.
Numerical variable holds floating-point value.
Numerical work is focused on fast components.
A numerologist is a worshipper
Numerologists analyze names as follows.
Numerologists are believers.
Numerologists believe everything occurs in cycles.
Numerologists chart the destiny of a person by using the numbers in the date of birth.
Numerologists consider the number four to be related to the material plane.
Numerologists figure the odds.
Numerologists measure the wealth of a person on many levels.
Some numerologists feel certain numbers are more difficult to experience than others.
A numerology is a field
Numerologies are discipline.
Numerology is exact, very old, very organized, very specific and very sacred.
Numerology is quick and easy to learn, and extremely useful.
Numerology looks at both the positive and negative aspects of each vibration.
Numerology works on the same principle.
Numerous access points around the area.
Numerous access points both by road and air.
Numerous accessories are available that build upon the already stunning capabilities.
Numerous accessories are available.
Numerous accidents have resulted, so please be careful.
Numerous accidents occur because of tired motorists.
Numerous activities are available as well as a wide choice of restaurants.
Numerous activities are available to students in the organized intramural sports program.
Numerous activities are available with fees that cover the cost of materials.
Numerous activities are available.
Numerous activities enrich the students' experience beyond the classroom.
Numerous activities fill the three-day event.
Numerous activities keep students of Italian involved and informed.
Numerous activities occur in the area.
Numerous activities occur under the rubric of fellowships.
Numerous adjectives come to mind.
Numerous adults are still present at the point with up to five nest sites suspected.
Numerous advisories point out dangers of latex gloves.
Numerous affidavits give examples of especially good treatment of prisoners of war.
Numerous agencies provide placement services for foreign exchange students coming to America.
Numerous airlines offer connecting service from Washington to Milan.
Numerous airlines serve the Vineyard.
Numerous algorithms exist that satisfy various network topologies and requirements.
Numerous alternate pick up points.
Numerous alternatives are available as sheep pasture during all times of the growing season.
Numerous alternatives are available for the project.
Numerous alternatives are available.
Numerous alternatives are now available.
Numerous alternatives exist for feeding and managing weaned calves to go back to grass.
Numerous anecdotes are readily available.
Numerous anglers use large gizzard shad cut into chunks with great success.
Numerous animals are full brothers and sisters and have minimal similarities.
Numerous animals are pregnant.
Numerous animals live in close association with feather stars.
Numerous animals live within extreme temperature gradients.
Numerous animals perform seasonal migrations through the state.
Numerous animals roam the grounds by the cabin and always provide for some exciting viewing.
Numerous answers are possible.
Numerous apartments are also available within walking distance of campus.
Numerous apartments are available in the area.
Numerous apartments are in close proximity to the campus.
Numerous appendices list governmental and other libraries with special collections.
Numerous appendices offer statistics, and personal and press accounts of the war.
Numerous appendices offer valuable information in an easily accessible format.
Numerous appendices provide details, such as roll call votes.
Numerous appendices provide forms, guidelines and sample policies.
Numerous appliances are available on prescription to suit the individual needs of the patient.
Numerous applications give several military units, but the index lists only one.
Numerous applications involve caustic, dusty, humid or extreme temperature environments.
Numerous approaches are available to prepare effective lipid-based DNA delivery systems.
Numerous archegonia are formed.
Numerous area lakes and ponds offer year-round fishing, camping, and boating opportunities.
Numerous areas are in immediate danger of landslides.
Numerous areas are off-limits for travel inside the country.
Numerous arenas are full.
Numerous arguments exist in opposition to the death penalty.
Numerous art works inside.
Numerous articles are available and exist in nearly every magazine.
Numerous articles are available and links to an endless number of related sites are provided.
Numerous articles are full-text.
Numerous articles cover news and background information.
Numerous articles divulge the dark side of gambling.
Numerous articles hail the site as a premier online gardening resource.
Numerous articles lend themselves to inclusion in the undergraduate curriculum as discussion pieces.
Numerous articles provide additional information.
Numerous articles provide information, experience and ideas on coastal management.
Numerous artists present their fine wildlife artwork and a wide range of wildlife art presentations.
Numerous assignments allow and encourage students to work cooperatively.
Numerous athletes go to camps in order to improve their game.
Numerous attachments are available for both wand and coil-style electric vibrators.
Numerous attractions make the county a popular regional tourist attraction.
Numerous attributes create a positive working environment for nurses.
Numerous authors believe light, qua light, to be an integral factor in the results obtained.
Numerous authors prefer to express their own interests or opinions through their short stories.
Numerous authors report that in boreal forests black spruce seeds in promptly following fire.
Numerous awards reflect the quality of our students and our program.
Numerous bacteria are obligate parasites that have reduced genomes and depleted cellular function.
Numerous bacteria can cause infections of the gastrointestinal tract of guinea pigs.
Numerous bacteria live in the nose and mouth that are also exposed to the immune system.
Numerous barriers exist that prevent citizen involvement and voluntarism.
Numerous barriers exist that prevent citizens' involvement and voluntarism.
Numerous beaches are just a short T ride away.
Numerous benefits are in store as recognition is gained.
Numerous benefits can occur by using a progesterone cream during the month.
Numerous benefits flow from the tripartite agreement and the committee.
Numerous birds eat fruit.
Numerous birds eat red fruit.
Most numerous birds eat fruit.
Most numerous birds eat red fruit.
Numerous books are available in libraries and bookstores.
Numerous books are available in the store, with titles ranging for all ages and interests.
Numerous books are available on Christian perspectives on economics, politics and policies.
Numerous books are available to help.
Numerous books are available.
Numerous books are in limited editions, and many are autographed by their authors.
Numerous books detail the mechanics of a job search.
Numerous books devoted to toxicology are now available.
Numerous books focus on the kind of questions interviewers ask.
Numerous books related to autism, along with autism journals are available for local use.
Numerous books written by county historical societies inject a local flavor to the library.
Numerous bookmarks make it easy to move quickly and easily through the book.
Numerous bookmarks make it easy to sift through the material.
Numerous boulders litter the pockmarked surface.
Numerous bridges provide good public access to the river.
Numerous bug fixes addressing functionality, usability, and consistency.
Numerous bug fixes as usual.
Numerous bug fixes to clean up html output Proper placement of body and head tags in the calendar.
Numerous bug fixes to kernel, driver modules, gcc, etc.
Numerous bug fixes.
Numerous buildings are visible in the aerial photograph.
Numerous bulletins contain references to dianetics which indicate that it is still very much alive.
Numerous buses connect various parts of the country some of which are non - stop.
Numerous buses make the trip from town in only a few minutes.
Numerous buses stop close by.
Numerous buses travel between the two.
Numerous businesses participate on a regular basis.
Numerous businesses provide stable employment.
Numerous camps specialize in one area, others include a variety of activities.
Numerous campgrounds are at the outskirts of Ottawa.
Numerous campsites abound and it is perfect for overnight trips.
Numerous campsites are available, offering rates that everyone can appreciate.
Numerous campuses report an increase in the numbers of students bringing computers to campus.
Some numerous carcinogen finds in cigarettes.
Numerous cards feature frontal female nudity, sometimes simply to display the female form.
Numerous carnivores roam the area, including grizzly and black bears.
Numerous carnivores share habitats.
Numerous cases exist where protocol flaws have been very hard to detect.
Numerous cases hold that consumer commentary is core speech protected by the First Amendment.
Numerous cases illustrate the discussion.
Numerous cast skins from aphid development are also unsightly.
Numerous categories are available plus file sizes are stated.
Numerous cattle are without grazing pastures - anticipate additional requests for hay.
Numerous caves dot the bluff walls, which also made it an ideal vault for secreting their booty.
Numerous caves provide interesting excursions for the adventurous.
Numerous caves shelter a wealth of rock paintings.
Numerous census databases online.
Numerous challenges exist as part of the start-up process.
Numerous challenges face district centres.
Numerous challenges have to be disposed of, including a variety of technological hurdles.
Numerous challenges range from the almost frivolous to the extremely complex.
Numerous challenges remain .
Numerous challenges remain to be tackled in the years ahead.
Numerous chandeliers dot the ceiling giving the small space a quirky grace.
Numerous channels resembling terrestrial dendritic drainage systems surround the crater basin.
Numerous characters disappear, then reemerge in altered form.
Numerous characteristics are unique to the coelacanth among living fishes.
Numerous checklists are available to keep track of the inspection process.
Numerous chemicals are available for use against armyworm on corn.
Some numerous chemicals create problems.
Numerous children roam the streets for various reasons.
Numerous choices are available from our menus .
Numerous churches add to the beauty of Keystone's lake dotted landscape.
Numerous churches are also near by.
Numerous churches are readily accessible to residents.
Numerous churches offer a variety of religious opportunities.
Numerous circumstances can cause Fe overload, for example, genetic disorders such as b -thalassemia.
Numerous circumstances contribute to the lack of selenium data for water samples.
Numerous citations appear throughout the text.
Numerous cities provide animal control.
Numerous classes provide opportunities for community and general education integration.
Numerous classrooms have video cameras and replay equipment.
Numerous climates can exist, depending on what facet of the organization is being described.
Numerous clubs bear responsibility for spreading awareness of different cultures.
Numerous clubs operate in the region.
Numerous clues give Bible references as hints.
Numerous cognates exist as well.
Numerous collections have valuable information on African American studies.
Numerous colleges are within easy commuting distance.
Numerous colleges are within easy commuting distances.
Numerous colors can indicate unique rubber compounds, builders or tire types.
Numerous combinations are possible.
Numerous commands are available to the pseudopilot to initiate aircraft maneuvering.
Numerous comments are simply wrong, such as claims that the largest heaths are found in Germany.
Numerous committees discuss, plan, and act to achieve the objectives of the society.
Numerous communities boarder the lake, including the City of Seattle to the west.
Numerous communities establish a wider area along the floodway for use as farmland or parkland.
Numerous companies administer the copyrights for artists and publishers.
Numerous companies are on campus to interview students for current openings.
Numerous companies compete to supply electricity which is delivered over the same power grid.
Numerous companies feature charter fishing and cruising for small to large groups.
Numerous companies launch commercial satellites atop Chinese rockets to save time and money.
Numerous companies offer long distance services.
Numerous companies offer services.
Numerous companies offer stock option plans every year to motivate, retain, and reward employees.
Numerous companies offer such policies, however, so it pays to shop around.
Numerous companies offer tours but it is often more satisfactory to go it alone, armed with a map.
Numerous companies pay the team to endorse various products.
Numerous compounds have properties.
Numerous compounds undergo free radical oxidation reactions on exposure to the oxygen in air.
Most numerous compounds have properties.
Some numerous compounds affect fate.
Some numerous compounds find in fish.
Numerous computers are also available in classrooms for specific course related purposes.
Numerous computers are available for use by graduate students in their course work and research.
Numerous concentrations are available in multiple-sized fluid containers.
Numerous conditions can be present alongside depression.
Numerous conditions can effect the cost of a telephone call from a foreign country.
Numerous configurations exist for different tasks.
Numerous conflicts arise from the different interpretation of regulations contained in the treaties.
Numerous connections sending data can fill up memory and crash the system.
Numerous considerations intersect here.
Numerous consultants are available to implement firewalls and other network security processes.
Numerous containers work well for storing tubers.
Numerous contracts are currently in arbitration or being renegotiated.
Numerous contradictions illustrate our self-delusion.
Numerous conversations suggest that principal's want information about assessing programs or people.
Numerous cookbooks offer tasty vegetarian meals, from quick and easy to complex and elegant.
Numerous cookies can quickly consume disk memory.
Numerous corals are on slabs or have been weathered out and can be found in gravel bars.
Numerous corporations are active participants.
Numerous coteries inhabit the withering pellet of silt.
Numerous countries work with schemes to promote the polluter pays principle.
Numerous courses are also available for residents.
Numerous courses are available online.
Numerous courses are available to undergraduate students.
Numerous coves offer splendid snorkeling where marine creatures of all types can be found.
Numerous coves provide shallow water habitat for juvenile and small fish.
Numerous craters are just visible within the frost-covered region.
Numerous craters are visible, many with central peaks.
Numerous crosses mark the graves of the members who died there.
Numerous cultivars are available at local or online garden centers.
Numerous cultivars are available commercially.
Numerous cultivars are available in the nursery trade.
Numerous cultivars are available, including weeping forms and dwarf, shrubby forms.
Numerous cultivars are available.
Numerous cultivars exist in China for tea production.
Numerous cultivars exist in the trade.
Numerous cultivars exist that exhibit a range of leaf sizes and colors.
Numerous cultivars exist today.
Numerous customs reflect the significance of Jerusalem in our lives.
Numerous cysts cause problems.
Numerous cysts cause respiratory problems.
Most numerous cysts cause problems.
Most numerous cysts cause respiratory problems.
Numerous dances occur around the area in conjuction with the main events.
Numerous dangers are inherent to any river experience.
Numerous databases contain detailed campaign finance data for federal candidates.
Numerous databases have significant amounts of stored data.
Numerous deaths follow.
Numerous decisions involve a geographical location.
Numerous deer call the area home, and migrating ducks and geese return to the area year after year.
Numerous denominations make up our enrollment.
Numerous departments sponsor various field trips and other off-campus activities for our students.
More numerous deposits are possible through special arrangement.
Numerous depressions locate forgotten resting places.
Numerous descendants remain today.
Numerous designs are available to encapsulate control and gauge monitoring cables.
Numerous designs are available, most through mail-order and a few at local hardware stores.
Numerous diagrams help explain measures.
Numerous diagrams portray the chemistry of the rocks, production levels of ore, and more.
Numerous differences emerge between the two thinkers.
Numerous difficulties arise at times in developing and extending electronic communication.
Numerous dikes mark the location of a rift zone that trends to the northwest.
Numerous dilemmas arise between managers and workers.
Numerous directories are also available on the Internet.
Numerous discounts are available, ask our receptionist for details.
Numerous diseases affect skeletal muscles.
Numerous diseases are due to enzymatic malfunctions.
Numerous diseases are prevalent in potatoes, and have a considerable effect on potato production.
Numerous diseases can cause such symptoms.
Numerous diseases involve aberrant immune and inflammatory responses.
Numerous diseases occur, affecting the leaves for use as straw for feeding animals.
Numerous districts make up a province.
Numerous disturbances are substantially noticeable in the landscape.
Numerous docks offer fishing opportunities for youngsters after small perch and panfish.
Numerous domes surround the main one as can be appreciated.
Numerous doors line both sides of the passage, most of which appear to be locked and unused.
Numerous drawings illustrate the basic vessel parts, and pottery drawing conventions are provided.
Numerous drawings illustrate the construction techniques discussed.
Numerous drills exist for developing skill in switching between gate-clearing techniques.
Numerous drugs are enzyme inhibitors .
Numerous drugs can depress thyroid hormone concentrations.
Numerous dwellings have yet to be tested.
Numerous efforts are under way to come up with an enforceable code for apparel manufacturers.
Numerous electives allow students to explore other disciplines within the social studies.
Numerous electives are also available in almost all subspecialities.
Numerous employees donate their time throughout the year to keep the course in playing shape.
Numerous employers contact the department seeking to hire recent graduates.
Numerous employers welcome such a resume with open arms and generous salary.
Numerous engines suffer from oil leakage.
Numerous enterprises offer houseboats and barges for rental to vacationers.
Numerous entries give clues to relationships and British origins.
Numerous enzymes catalyse specific reactions.
Numerous enzymes depend on additional factors that are necessary to perform the catalytic reaction.
Numerous events attract alumni back to campus each year.
Numerous events bring together the department to learn about science.
Numerous events occur at other times of the year.
Numerous events occur on a seasonal basis.
Numerous events take place throughout the year.
Numerous evidence disputes such conclusions.
Numerous evidence supports increasing vitamin E intake to benefit and maintain optimum health.
Numerous examples abound in every discipline of science one can imagine.
Numerous examples abound in the hall.
Numerous examples abound.
Numerous examples clarify sampling and estimation procedures.
Numerous examples come to mind, check out any tabloid.
Numerous examples come to mind.
Numerous examples demonstrate abstract statements in simpler numerical settings.
Numerous examples demonstrate essential ideas and concepts.
Numerous examples exist in all applications that are based on multi-user database systems.
Numerous examples exist in most previously colonised countries.
Numerous examples exist of certificate programs within the profession of pharmacy.
Numerous examples exist where adverse reaction to food is misinterpreted or misdiagnosed.
Numerous examples expose the far-reaching extent of their heist.
Numerous examples illustrate common situations and suggest solutions to drafting problems.
Numerous examples illustrate definitions and principles.
Numerous examples illustrate important points and provide good models for students.
Numerous examples illustrate key points.
Numerous examples illustrate theoretical concepts throughout text.
Numerous examples occur daily in our home practice.
Numerous examples provide insight into how to design an effective expert system.
Numerous examples remain in North Dakota of traditional German-Russian houses.
Numerous examples show how the language is used for hardware design and test.
Numerous examples show how to create simple to complex applications.
Numerous examples taken from industry provide a foundation.
Numerous exercises challenge students' understanding of the concepts and reinforce learning.
Numerous exercises help participants grasp fundamental skills.
Numerous exercises help students practice and develop their skills.
Numerous exercises provide the opportunity for interactive learning and discovering Germany.
Numerous exhibits show thousands of wire specimens both common and rare.
Numerous experiments are possible to determine how different subjects respond to different images.
Numerous experiments show differences.
Numerous experiments show extent.
Most numerous experiments show differences.
Most numerous experiments show extent.
Numerous experts share their most productive techniques.
Numerous experts support the idea that Archaeopteryx was a feathered dinosaur.
Numerous exposures are currently under investigation as possible cofactors.
Numerous extensions are also under development.
Numerous eyes indicate spiritual perception, insight, and knowledge.
Numerous facades are also available.
Numerous faces disappear, as voices come out of the doorjambs.
Numerous facilities are available for meetings, reunions, or tour groups.
Numerous facilities exist for sports and cultural events in both cities.
Numerous facilities provide service for private and corporate aircraft throughout the region.
Numerous facts confirm the lessening.
Numerous factors account for the resurgence of tuberculosis in the United States and in Europe.
Numerous factors affect dissolution.
Numerous factors affect efficacy.
Numerous factors affect streamflow, and therefore the potential for flooding.
Numerous factors affect the decision to purchase insurance.
Numerous factors affect the severity of the snake bite.
Numerous factors affect third-party payment for medical products and services.
Numerous factors are a part of the selection process.
Numerous factors are always a part of the selection process.
Numerous factors are part of the selection process.
Numerous factors can affect test results.
Numerous factors can be responsible for triggering an asthma attack.
Numerous factors can cause reproductive failures, however.
Numerous factors can reduce potential seed yield in alfalfa.
Numerous factors can upset the rumen from rapid changes in feedstuffs to environmental stresses.
Numerous factors come into play at the farm level, processor level and retailer level.
Numerous factors come into play when designing and building the set.
Numerous factors come into play.
Numerous factors conspire to push up wine prices.
Numerous factors contribute to building failure.
Numerous factors contribute to changes in the crime rate.
Numerous factors contribute to determining the optimal minerals intake for each individual.
Numerous factors contribute to the analysis of revenue systems.
Numerous factors contribute to the shift from growth to non-growth.
Numerous factors create variability in satellite images that are imposed at multiple scales.
Numerous factors determine the effective siting of library facilities.
Numerous factors go into making such a determination.
Numerous factors go into pricing a work of art.
Numerous factors govern growth.
Numerous factors govern population growth.
Numerous factors increase a child's risk of hearing loss.
Numerous factors influence a reflow soldering profile.
Numerous factors influence behavior.
Numerous factors influence future emissions paths in the scenarios.
Numerous factors influence growth.
Numerous factors influence the ability to smell.
Numerous factors influence the action of the poisonous substances and severity of the poisoning.
Numerous factors influence the interactions among intestinal micro-organisms and their hosts.
Numerous factors influence the success rates of students in college.
Numerous factors involving either physical or emotional stress can cause menstrual irregularities.
Numerous factors limit the accuracy of ab initio calculations.
Numerous factors make pregnant and postpartum women more susceptible to thrombosis.
Numerous factors make the Japanese Internet user different.
Numerous factors play a role in the success of the mechanical and industrial engineering programs.
Numerous factors play into the success of a television news Web site.
Most numerous factors govern growth.
Most numerous factors govern population growth.
Some numerous factors affect growth.
Some numerous factors affect hair growth.
Some numerous factors affect numbers.
Some numerous factors affect production.
Some numerous factors have management.
Some numerous factors influence characteristics.
Numerous faculty are willing to do independent studies in relevant areas.
Numerous faiths maintain that the gods affect our lives through control of the natural elements.
Numerous families spend summer in the cool mountains of that picturesque region.
Numerous fans merge into continuous valley fills of soft, easily eroded material.
Numerous farms can now afford organic methods of fertilization and pest control.
Numerous features allow creativity in making attractive presentations.
Numerous females join efforts in building nests out of light clay or sandy soil.
Numerous festivals are just around the corner.
Numerous fibers have focal or diffuse loss of myosin .
Numerous field trials demonstrate conditions.
Numerous files are also available for downloading free of charge.
Numerous files contain undated material.
Numerous filters are available for astronomical use.
Numerous findings suggest that a positive mood fosters such processing.
Numerous finishes are available and impart many different looks to the finished product.
Numerous fires are being left burning, some are developments, and some are individuals.
Numerous florets have stamens.
Most numerous florets have stamens.
Numerous flowers cover the plants after rains, creating a beautiful sight.
Numerous flowers grow on in pointy clusters on showy stalks above the leaves.
Numerous folds are present throughout the formation.
Numerous forces affect international capital markets.
Numerous forces are behind it.
Numerous forces can cause genetic variation.
Numerous fountains make a walk through the extended park a real refreshment.
Numerous fractures penetrate the interior of the specimens making the meteorite easy to break apart.
Numerous frauds are committed, and the provisions of the act are continuously violated.
Numerous fund raising events have to be organized each year to ensure the survival of orphanage.
Numerous galleries can girdle the tree, causing branch dieback.
Numerous galleries offer local artisans' works while other shops offer a variety of souvenirs.
Numerous games are in development including some huge ones aiming to attract millions of players.
Numerous gauges tell operators what's going on in the plant.
Numerous genes help determine height in people.
Numerous generations occur annually, influer greatly by climate.
Numerous gills function in breathing.
Numerous glaciers are found in Norway.
Numerous glaciers are visible on the flanks of the massif.
Numerous glass worms in a four-inch ceramic bowl.
Numerous governments maintain and enforce laws that deny women equal rights.
Numerous graduates are chief executive officers or general counsel to publicly held corporations.
Numerous graduates come back to the house and join in on the fun that is about to occur.
Numerous graduates enter doctoral programs.
Numerous grants support several academic programs and functions.
Numerous granules show metachromasia with some stains.
Numerous graphics illustrate and clarify common cryptographic terminology throughout.
Numerous grass pastures with wood rail fencing.
Numerous greenhouses are also nearby.
Numerous group shows.
Numerous groups conduct research on tax and budget policy.
Numerous groups exist to exchange comments on a variety of topics in languages other than English.
Numerous groups form to compare how and why they went different ways.
Numerous groups make up the high school community.
Numerous groups schedule meetings and activities throughout the year in our facility.
Numerous guest slips.
Numerous guests arrive.
Numerous guides are available on specific subjects.
Numerous guides are available to aid in locating materials in specific fields.
Numerous guidebooks line the shelves of Colorado bookstores and mountaineering shops.
Numerous hairs extend from the epidermal cells.
Numerous handouts are available on cassette tape.
Numerous handouts are available on traffic law issues to help clarify the law.
Numerous heads exist on a single myosin molecule.
Numerous herbicides are now available for control of Canada thistle.
Numerous highways link the port to neighbouring provinces.
Numerous highways traverse it, but major roads aim for the flattest, straightest route.
Numerous holes are to be seen where they dug trying to find it.
Numerous holes are visible in heavily infested stock, and frass is usually abundant.
Numerous holes give a very tattered appearance to infected leaves.
Numerous holes wind themselves through protected wetlands and granite croppings.
Numerous homes are available at affordable prices with inviting interest rates.
Numerous homes have views of mountains.
Numerous hotels maintain their own courts.
Numerous hotels offer rooms designed to combat jet lag.
Numerous hyperlinks provide additional information about each technological advance.
Numerous hyphae penetrate the wood, cheese, soil, or flesh in which they are growing.
Numerous hypotheses attempt to explain why bipedalism arose at all.
Numerous illnesses are disturbances of metabolism, and many drugs act by altering metabolism.
Numerous illustrations accompany the anecdotes and stories of various frontier personalities.
Numerous illustrations appear throughout the text.
Numerous illustrations are detailed and easy to follow.
Numerous illustrations clarify difficult concepts, such as hash functions.
Numerous illustrations compare approximate models with more rigorous models.
Numerous illustrations enhance the definitions.
Numerous illustrations enhance the text.
Numerous illustrations help explain concepts.
Numerous illustrations including charts, graphs, plans, and photographs accompany the text.
Numerous illustrations including maps, drawing and photos as well as charts and tables are present.
Numerous illustrations outline the different steps of production.
Numerous illustrations provide visual assistance in understanding the method and required equipment.
Numerous illustrations show correlations and mechanisms of action.
Numerous illustrations show every aspect of the mechanics of the game in great detail.
Numerous illustrations show readers examples of authentic autographs.
Numerous illustrations simplify the identification of unfamiliar items for newcomers.
Numerous images are available throughout the site, which is updated regularly.
Numerous images depict customs unique to period, location, and tribe.
Numerous improvements are currently under way.
Numerous incentives are now available for new and expanding businesses.
Numerous incidents exist where a bear has sniffed and departed without serious injury.
Numerous indexes provide access to video titles.
Numerous individuals are available to answer substantive questions about any of the priority issues.
Numerous individuals make tax-deductible donations each year to support the program.
Numerous individuals provide tax deductible donations in various amounts.
Numerous industries use halogenated solvent cleaners.
Numerous industry based practitioners and guest lecturers also teach in the programme.
Numerous inhabitants remove the flood consequences.
Numerous initiatives are underway to replace outmoded and burdensome practices.
Numerous inquiries lower the applicant's summary score about two points per inquiry.
Some numerous inquiries say in statements.
Numerous inscriptions record the initials of people who have passed by.
Numerous insects resemble mosquitoes.
Most numerous insects resemble mosquitoes.
Numerous insecticides are available for treatment.
Numerous installations exist in the United States and Canada.
Numerous instances attest the extraordinary effects of coral calcium.
Numerous institutions have a plan to evacuate every time.
Numerous institutions maintain extensive networks to boost their endowment holdings.
Numerous institutions seek to facilitate the entrepreneurship process.
Numerous instruments facilitate the measuring and monitoring of dryer operating conditions.
Numerous instruments monitor the effect of heat on the surrounding rock.
Numerous interactions can occur with prescription and nonprescription medications.
Numerous internships are available in the metropolitan Memphis area.
Numerous internships are available.
Numerous invertebrates appear suddenly in rock strata above Pre-Cambrian devoid of complex fossils.
Numerous investigations are ongoing and new reports of violations are being scrutinized.
Numerous investigations carried out by the author indicate otherwise , however .
Numerous investigations make up a four-pronged approach to better understanding osteoporosis.
Numerous investors purchase the stock and the business is financed.
Numerous islands are but half an hour away from the city and are a haven for scuba divers.
Numerous islands lie off the long and deeply indented shoreline of the county.
Numerous islands line the coast.
Numerous issues abound when discussing education.
Numerous issues arise at the inter-connection points of such technologies.
Numerous issues arise in the study of natural resources law and policy.
Numerous issues arise related to providing quality visuals in worship.
Numerous issues exist which hold promise for exciting research.
Numerous issues related to gender come to mind.
Some numerous issues involve evidence.
Some numerous issues involve scientific evidence.
Numerous items are individually gift wrapped so that surprises keep on coming.
Numerous items are individually gift wrapped so the surprises keep on coming.
Numerous itineraries are available.
Numerous jobs are available during the summer and academic year for eligible students.
Numerous jobs are available each year on campus.
Numerous jobs are available.
Numerous jokes make light of vampires' thirst for human blood.
Numerous kids take advantage of the free gum daily.
Numerous labs exist in Albuquerque and Las Cruces, New Mexico.
Numerous lakes abound in the northern part, while to the west, sandhills are numerous.
Numerous lakes attract many visitors to the area.
Numerous lakes dot the landscape and small town, family values still abound.
Numerous lakes make the area ideal for sailing, windsurfing and other water sports.
Numerous lakes occupy the depressions gouged out by the glaciers.
Numerous lakes offer destinations for day tourers and for overnighters.
Numerous lakes sparkle at the bottom of hills.
Numerous laws address the ins and outs of employment.
Numerous laws aim to help clean up and protect our environment.
Numerous laws exist in Ohio to prohibit littering and illegal dumping.
Numerous leagues abound.
Numerous legends tell of human beings who transform into the shape of a cat.
Numerous lesions appear all over the body.
Numerous lesions give the surface a blackened, scabby appearance.
Numerous lessons give opportunity to select set of characters used to generate a string.
Numerous libraries make no effort to provide access to electronic journals from a single webpage.
Numerous lifeguards are in place at the Strip water park to promote safety.
Numerous lights hitting talent areas also create a confusing horde of shadows.
Numerous lighthouses are also open to the public, and a few even offer overnight accommodations.
Numerous links are available within articles to media and related topics.
Numerous links are available.
Numerous links furnish access to related aspects of virtually all types of chant.
Numerous links lead to information about Caribbean fishes.
Numerous links provide content and homework help in many separate content areas.
Numerous links take the reader to greater detail on most matters.
Numerous lithographs add to the book's appeal as a regional collection.
Numerous lobbies try to separate Montenegro from Serbia only for political and economic reasons.
Numerous locals are part of the construction crew.
Numerous locations are available, as well as the hurricane hotline.
Numerous locations serve the city of Austin with general and family dentistry.
Numerous lodges provide accommodations and safari experiences for travelers at a variety of prices.
Numerous losses are part of the process.
Numerous lots are available for parking and tailgating.
Numerous lots are in walking distance.
Numerous lots are within easy walking distance of the courthouse.
Numerous lots have water frontage while others offer a view of the lake.
Numerous lounges expand the living area available to residents for entertaining or visiting.
Numerous lymphocytes seen in between vessels are normal.
Numerous lymphocytes surround toxic crystals.
Numerous magazines contain information about educational technology.
Numerous mammals inhabit the park.
Numerous men die in gunfights or at the points of swords during flurries of mass brutality and war.
Numerous manufacturers offer small top handle chain saws.
Numerous manufacturers produce camouflage raingear.
Numerous manuscript sketches on endpapers.
Numerous maps illustrate such topics as railroads, rainfall, race, language, and more.
Numerous materials are available for building terraces.
Numerous materials are available for control of flea beetles in the fields.
Numerous materials give even novices a head start in building their programs.
Numerous mechanisms are known to increase recombination.
Numerous mechanisms exist for passing on information from one replicator to another.
Numerous mechanisms exist for sharing methods among applications.
Numerous medical conditions are exacerbated by smogs.
Numerous medications are also available.
Numerous medications are available to treat depression.
Numerous medications are in the experimental stages and show some promise.
Numerous medications can contribute to insomnia.
Numerous medications interact with or affect proper dosing of heparin.
Numerous members hold down internships in a wide variety of career fields.
Numerous members report they are being contacted for the first time since they joined the church.
Numerous members say that they are exporting fixtures on a regular or occasional basis.
Numerous merchandise offers, discount cards and general travel information provided.
Numerous methods are available for determining and estimating field evaporation.
Numerous methods are available to determine body composition.
Numerous methods are used in the production of Pacific oysters.
Numerous methodologies exist for guiding software architects in the creation of a software design.
Numerous microcomputers are available in the various research laboratories.
Numerous microcomputers are available within the department.
Numerous misconceptions surround endogenous infections.
Numerous models simulating plant growth and nutrient cycling in fields are currently available.
Numerous modifications exist, most into three grades, eg.
Some numerous modification enhances metabolism glycolysis.
Numerous motels are nearby in Cherokee.
Numerous neighbors have arrangements to watch one another s property while homeowners are traveling.
Numerous neighborhoods accommodate first-time home buyers.
Numerous nerves connect the brain with the sense organs in the anterior part of Planaria.
Numerous neutrophils are in the lumen and between degenerating epithelial cells.
Numerous newsreaders are available for free download.
Numerous notices follow which all have to do with executions.
Numerous objects lie in wait to be found, the outstanding example the Orion Nebula.
Numerous observations show that cosmic jets are a frequent natural consequence of accretion disks.
Numerous obstacles are obvious.
Numerous obstacles exist to the use of innovative technologies.
Numerous occupations expect of their practitioners a certain level of mathematical proficiency.
Numerous offerings are available through our academic and community outreach programs.
Numerous offspring remain to start the cycle anew.
Numerous oil spills each year kill wildlife and ruin their habitats.
Numerous oocytes accumulate, each with an enlarged, distally positioned nucleus lacking a nucleolus.
Numerous opponents exist in the form of other trainers outside the competitive gyms.
Numerous opportunities are available both in basic and clinical science.
Numerous opportunities are available for real estate professionals who are open to new ideas.
Numerous opportunities are available for students to gain experience within their chosen profession.
Numerous opportunities are available for students to participate in projects of faculty and staff.
Numerous opportunities are available for travel abroad for the year.
Numerous opportunities are available free to the public to view the construction of the mandala.
Numerous opportunities are available in small and large companies throughout the country.
Numerous opportunities are available on area farms.
Numerous opportunities are available to develop leadership abilities at state and national levels.
Numerous opportunities arise for nurses to apply physical assessment skills.
Numerous opportunities exist for advanced students to present their own research as well.
Numerous opportunities exist for collaboration.
Numerous opportunities exist for corporate, non-profit, research, service and other internships.
Numerous opportunities exist for highly skilled individuals with the right expertise.
Numerous opportunities exist for long and short terms missions in the Americas.
Numerous opportunities exist for obtaining money to attend college.
Numerous opportunities exist for overseas study of Asian languages and cultures.
Numerous opportunities exist for student learning and activities, both here and abroad.
Numerous opportunities exist for student participation in faculty research and service.
Numerous opportunities exist for students to engage in field-oriented projects.
Numerous opportunities exist for the patient photographer and a telephoto lens in recommended.
Numerous opportunities exist for the patient photographer and a telephoto lens is recommended.
Numerous opportunities exist for the performance of original musical compositions.
Numerous opportunities exist for volunteers of all ages, backgrounds, and talents.
Numerous opportunities exist in all of the Canadian provinces for growth of the brand.
Numerous opportunities exist in public an private organizations.
Numerous opportunities exist to tackle air pollution problems.
Numerous opportunities exist to use multimedia to enhance the on-line shopping experience.
Numerous opportunities occur to get to the shoreline.
Numerous options allow for many variations in using the programs.
Numerous options allow multipurpose usage.
Numerous options are available and can be discussed with the special events coordinator.
Numerous options are available and quantity discounts apply.
Numerous options are available by special order.
Numerous options are available for changing the display of the solution.
Numerous options are available for controlling how dates are read and how text fields are quoted.
Numerous options are available for controlling how dates are read, and how text fields are quoted.
Numerous options are available for each part of the song.
Numerous options are available for the education of MKs.
Numerous options are available in Europe, Latin America and around the world.
Numerous options are available through dropdown pick-lists.
Numerous options are available to customize the keyboard to a desired look and feel.
Numerous options are available to extend coverage for individual situations.
Numerous options are available to meet any user requirement.
Numerous options are available to satisfy the diverse needs and interests of community members.
Numerous options are available, ranging from behavioral strategies to medications and surgery.
Numerous options are available.
Numerous options enable creation of professionally formatted printouts.
Numerous options exist for capturing solar energy.
Numerous options exist for each report.
Numerous options exist for off-campus science study, both in the United States and abroad.
Numerous options exist for printout of temperatures, heat sources and heat flows.
Numerous options exist for secondary emphases.
Numerous options exist for teachers to incorporate family history into daily lessons.
Numerous options exist, so plan an extended stay.
Numerous organisations provide many reasonably priced materials suitable for use at all levels.
Numerous organizations accredit college programs.
Numerous organizations distribute cocaine in the metropolitan area.
Numerous organizations have high-speed international connectivity and resell their unused capacity.
Numerous organizations have their own publications.
Numerous organizations offer publications and other items of interest to radio amateurs.
Numerous organizations publish journals and magazines on population issues.
Numerous organizations send recruiters to the campus or participate in job fairs.
Numerous organizations sponsor crews for the summer and assign projects for completion.
Numerous outcrops occur in sec.
Numerous outfitters offer tours with guides and horses to fit all riding abilities.
Numerous outfitters provide rafting services, and there are also mountain bike rentals.
Numerous outreaches follow.
Numerous overlooks offer breathtaking views of the rocky gorge and cascading river.
Numerous overlooks serve up awesome scenery.
Numerous packages are also available.
Numerous packages are available.
Numerous pages are available to review.
Numerous pages are devoted to intelligent agents.
Numerous pages describe the city's many minarets, mosques, shrines and palaces.
Numerous pages use endless FONT tags to implement style on the page.
Numerous paintings remain in private collections.
Numerous parameters are available for user designation of error recovery limits.
Numerous parameters can serve to improve or harm the quality of the video.
Numerous parks are available for personal and family use.
Numerous parks provide sites for every kind of sport, for every age and playing level.
Numerous passages demand bright, sonorous virtuosity.
Numerous pastures provide a high level of managerial control over livestock.
Numerous patents are pending.
Numerous paths can lead to each goal.
Numerous pathways exist to eliminate the drug from the body.
Numerous pathways radiate from the village, allowing leisurely strolls or daylong rambles.
Numerous people come to visit the nice scenery.
Numerous people complain about out of date sites, as well as listings, with the service.
Numerous people have keys to the room.
Numerous people have one.
Numerous people make major contributions that have improved the quality of our world.
Numerous people oversee our every movement in the chapel.
Numerous people report a great improvement in their sleep and overall feeling of being well rested.
Numerous people start a home business on a part-time basis.
Numerous people suffering from anxiety disorders never seek treatment.
Numerous people swear the benefits of potassium plant in a sole banana.
Numerous people try to go to the same college as their friends.
Numerous people undergo sudden personality changes and leave behind their past lives.
Numerous performances take place throughout the year.
Numerous period features in abundance.
Numerous periodicals are also available full-text.
Numerous periodicals are also available.
Numerous persons including policemen sustained severe injuries following the clashes, it is said.
Numerous petals gradate into numerous smaller , petal-like stamens.
Numerous petunias are available.
Numerous phenomena affect the orientation of the Earth.
Numerous photos enhance the text.
Numerous photos illustrate each chapter.
Numerous photos show how our society has changed in the post-Internet period.
Numerous photos show popular ignition, carburetor, camshaft, and valvetrain tricks.
Numerous photographs accompany the text throughout the book.
Numerous photographs depict some recognizable actors involved in the work process.
Numerous photographs enhance the text.
Numerous photographs illustrate the book.
Numerous photographs illustrate the personal accounts.
Numerous photographs show England devastated by incendiary bombs and preparing for the worst.
Numerous photographs taken through the years complete the collection.
Numerous pictures reinforce the text.
Numerous pictures show different stages of construction.
Numerous pieces are live orchestral.
Numerous pieces have to fit together just right to produce the completed task.
Numerous pitchers form around the base of the plant.
Numerous places exist on the Internet to trade stamps or just chat with other stamp enthusiasts.
Numerous places exist specifically to help educators.
Numerous plans are underway which all fit in the category of fish and wildlife habitat restoration.
Numerous plant stems and leaves are covered with hairs.
Numerous plants are poisonous to animals including azalea, easter lily, and oleander.
Numerous plants grow by forming stems next to the substrate.
Numerous plants make good companions to roses.
Numerous plates extend from the upper jaw-like teeth.
Numerous pockets are advantageous.
Numerous pockets give plenty of storage space.
Numerous polls indicate that voters want more choices than they're getting.
Numerous polls show that the majority of people want third party candidates included in the debates.
Numerous pores allow material to enter and leave the nucleus.
Numerous pores penetrate the walls of the skeleton.
Numerous portholes provide plenty of ventilation in the salon and cabins.
Numerous positions are available on campus and within various community based organizations.
Numerous positions are available to a chemistry major.
Numerous positions are available.
Numerous positions are open to students with a creative flair, or a liking for business management.
Numerous possibilities exist at all grades but the climbing has little to recommend it.
Numerous possibilities exist for further study and development.
Numerous possibilities exist for such study, and financial aid is often available.
Numerous possibilities exists for self-taught courses.
Numerous possibilities multiply faster than the questions can be answered.
Numerous precedents deem such a failure to constitute ineffective assistance of counsel.
Numerous precedents exist.
Numerous precincts form a kangaroo rat colony.
Numerous predators eat pocket gophers.
Numerous pregnancies are underway.
Numerous prints made from studies for larger paintings comprise almost half of the exhibit.
Numerous problems abound.
Numerous problems allow students to practice applying concepts and theories.
Numerous problems arise when oil is drilled to the surface.
Numerous problems await further investigation and resolution.
Numerous problems can occur here.
Numerous problems cause continual delays but the biggest problem concerned the launch.
Numerous problems exist as the result of the use and abuse of alcohol and drugs in the workplace.
Numerous problems face the potato industry in the Northeast.
Numerous problems remain.
Numerous procedures are available from various sources.
Numerous procedures are in place to protect students from intruders.
Numerous processes are available for analysis and control.
Numerous processes are available for analysis.
Numerous products are available for combating insects, slugs and snails.
Numerous products are currently in use.
Numerous products are readily available for home use.
Numerous products are subject to regulations in addition to or in place of NOMs.
Numerous products have a short lifespan and are then discarded.
Numerous programs are available for children with disabilities from birth through age twenty-one.
Numerous programs are available from other countries for foreign language instruction.
Numerous programs are available including concert, educational, workshop or therapeutic.
Numerous programs are available to sort, track, locate, and compile data by the numbers.
Numerous programs are in place in schools and in the community that help keep campuses safe.
Numerous programs are in place to help students reach their maximum potential.
Numerous programs are under rapid development for student and non-student use.
Numerous programs benefit the novice and the long-established professional alike.
Numerous programs educate students in self-care and security.
Numerous programs exist for character education.
Numerous programs exist for students wanting to do internships abroad in their majors.
Numerous programs exist that mitigate sprawl.
Numerous programs exist to help first time buyers purchase a home.
Numerous programs exist to help first-time buyers purchase a home.
Numerous programs exist to help the motivated, qualified students get a college education.
Numerous programs offer college money for members of federally recognized minority groups.
Numerous programs provide services to children and youth.
Numerous programs run throughout the school year beginning in the fall, for all ages and interests.
Numerous projects are currently in the works.
Numerous projects are in progress addressing lymphoma, leukemia, sarcomas, and brain tumors.
Numerous projects are under way to put together web sites addressing varying needs.
Numerous projects are underway with more in the planning stages.
Numerous projects are underway, but a few are highlighted.
Numerous projects provide opportunities for and depend on volunteer involvement.
Numerous publications are also available on the worldwide web.
Numerous publications are also available.
Numerous publications are available for sale as well.
Numerous publications are available on request.
Numerous publications are full-text .
Numerous publications are useful to educators.
Numerous publishers offer materials prepared specifically for church summer programs for children.
Numerous questions are left unanswered.
Numerous questions arise in a search for the right graduate program.
Numerous questions arise.
Numerous questions exist regarding the sludge's chemical makeup.
Numerous questions remain about cost and method of delivery.
Numerous questions remain unanswered and even more remain unasked.
Numerous questions remain.
Numerous races live in Africa.
Numerous rays give it a mottled appearance.
Numerous reagents utilized in organic synthesis are anionic in nature.
Numerous reasons account for the change in causes of mortality.
Numerous reasons exist for investment offshore in addition to tax benefits.
Numerous reasons exist for the faster growth of prices for medical services.
Numerous reasons underlie the decision of geography majors to acquire work-related training.
Numerous record covers.
Numerous records are available from several diverse arrays.
Numerous reefs are accessible by shore for snorkeling and shore diving.
Numerous reefs break the pounding surf so interior waters between the numerous islands are placid.
Numerous references are a sly poke in the ribs for techie types.
Numerous references are available from local residents and real estate associates.
Numerous references are available to guide both the physician and patient.
Numerous references are available upon request.
Numerous references are on open reserve in the library.
Numerous references follow each chapter, reflecting the fact that the text is well researched.
Numerous references occur in the statutes to various building and safety codes.
Numerous references report that most congenital deafness in dogs is autosomal recessive.
Numerous refinements are possible.
Numerous regulations govern the removal of asbestos containing materials.
Numerous religions exist side by side, in some instances borrowing from each other.
Numerous remedies focus on cost containment.
Numerous repairs suggest that the vessel saw long service as a merchant trader.
Numerous reports are available on the presence of auxin type reactions by humic substances.
Numerous reports are available on their web site.
Numerous reports are available to assist the preparer in completing the electronic filing duties.
Numerous reports are available to give a complete picture of receivables.
Numerous reports are available to monitor and analyze the subscription process.
Numerous reports are available, including calendars, daily schedules, and free-form lists.
Numerous reports are available.
Numerous reports are free from the Web site.
Numerous reports cover key industries in Kentucky, as well as the state's general economic climate.
Numerous reports exist detailing the teacher shortage.
Numerous reports exist on haematological pathology in alcoholism.
Numerous reports exist.
Numerous reports provide evidence of compliance.
Numerous representatives are xerophytes.
Numerous requirements exist for early retirement plans.
Numerous researchers follow lead.
Most numerous researchers follow lead.
Some numerous researchers report discoveries.
Numerous residents commute to New Jersey and New York daily.
Numerous resorts line the shore.
Numerous resources answer questions about antiques.
Numerous resources are available and the resume posting is apparently very useful.
Numerous resources are available for job seekers in printed, audio, video and Internet form.
Numerous resources are available for student use.
Numerous resources are available for workers with disabilities.
Numerous resources are available in our career library.
Numerous resources are available on most installations to help parents cope in stressful situations.
Numerous resources are available on the subject of bilingual education.
Numerous resources are available to individuals seeking financial assistance.
Numerous resources are available to provide such assistance.
Numerous resources are available via the Internet.
Numerous resources are now available to assist churches in establishing vision and goals for growth.
Numerous resources exist both nationally and in every community.
Numerous resources exist on the Internet that index film and video products.
Numerous resources exist that can and do address problems resulting from flooding.
Numerous resources exist.
Some numerous resources provide information.
Numerous responses are underway and others are being considered.
Numerous restaurants including vegetarian, grocery and hardware stores are in High Springs.
Numerous restaurants lie within walking distance in the Village of Carlsbad.
Numerous restaurants offer a bounty of fresh caught fish and other seafood.
Numerous restaurants offer cuisines from all over the world.
Numerous restaurants offer international cuisine and the best of local Tyrolean hospitality.
Numerous restaurants participate, varying from roadside diners to upscale bistros.
Numerous restaurants satisfy all tastes, from ethnic cuisine to fast food.
Numerous restaurants surround the campus and hotel area.
Numerous restaurants surround the campus and motel area.
Numerous reviews are a lot more effective than one cramming session the night before an exam.
Numerous reviews express ambivalent reactions to the movie.
Numerous reviews indicate that most DVD players sound as good or better than most CD transports.
Numerous rivers descend from the Andes toward the coast.
Numerous rivers flow down from the mountains to distinct coastal plains.
Numerous rivers flow into the bay.
Numerous rivers flow into the sea.
Numerous rivers flow to the sea fed entirely by rain fall.
Numerous rivers plunge from the country around and enter the lake in long fiords.
Numerous roads are also closed due to flooding.
Numerous roads are closed.
Numerous roads are under water but are still passable.
Numerous roads climb from either side of the ridge.
Numerous roads continue to be impassable.
Numerous roads cross the Grassland.
Numerous roads lead to many parts of the suburb, but walking provides the best results.
Numerous roads leave.
Numerous roads penetrate the range, although most are closed in winter.
Numerous roads remain blocked due to landslides and erosion.
Numerous rock specimens.
Numerous rooms are available to hire for holding lectures, discussions and meetings.
Numerous rubrics have criteria so amorphous they are almost laughable.
Numerous safeguards protect taxpayers against another deposit insurance bailout.
Numerous sales are pending.
Numerous saltwater sounds or fiords indent a landscape of forested hills, barrens and bogs.
Numerous samples are available.
Numerous sandbars are available for camping.
Numerous satellites circle the earth, emitting signals that travel to the surface.
Numerous scene changes as the flaps are moved right to left.
Numerous scenes contain images of birds.
Numerous scenes stick in the memory many years after one viewing.
Numerous scenes take place in the co-ed showers.
Numerous scholars use the list but popular topics are also welcome.
Numerous scholarships are also available.
Numerous scholarships are avaialble to students in all disciplines who meet established criteria.
Numerous scholarships are available for student support.
Numerous scholarships are available in all academic majors.
Numerous scholarships are available in the area of Animal Science.
Numerous scholarships are available to hotel and restaurant management majors.
Numerous scholarships are available to our students.
Numerous scholarships are available with preference given to early applicants.
Numerous scholarships are available, and contracted cadets receive a monthly, tax-free allowance.
Numerous scholarships are available, as well as graduate assistantships.
Numerous scholarships are available.
Numerous scientists are available to review laboratory protocols and case-specific data.
Numerous scientists argue theories.
Most numerous scientists argue theories.
Some numerous scientists study physiology.
Numerous scours are present.
Numerous scratches show up on the image in the and there are specks of dirt here and there.
Numerous screen shots from real projects graphically illustrate concepts covered in the text.
Numerous sections disclose broad areas of dystrophic calcification and fibrosis.
Numerous seeds are released after each capsule splits apart.
Numerous seedlings fail because of poor legume inoculation.
Numerous seminars address current, critical education issues.
Numerous series are available.
Numerous service learning opportunities parallel the academic classroom.
Numerous services are available for airport visitors.
Numerous services are available.
Numerous services are necessary for homeless children to become permanent members of a family unit.
Numerous setae cover the body.
Numerous settings are available for student teaching, the culminating experience of our program.
Numerous sheets cover northwestern Peru.
Numerous ships dock at the wharves of the city.
Numerous shoots are produced with dwarfed, cupped leaves.
Numerous shops are available in town.
Numerous shops feature fine handmade arts and crafts.
Numerous shops offer gifts and souvenirs, arts and crafts, Western wear and sporting goods.
Numerous shorebirds use the refuge during migrations.
Some numerous shrubs reduce desirabilities.
Numerous sidebars link the fictional narrative to documented historical events and facts.
Numerous sidebars link the fictional narrative to documented historical events.
Numerous signs explain the growing methods in use at the facility.
Numerous signs indicate trailhead.
Numerous sinkholes provide enjoyable nontraditional swimming areas.
Numerous sites afford a circle-style view of, say, the inside of a house that is for sale.
Numerous sites allow owners to display and offer property online.
Numerous sites claim to be Santa's true home.
Numerous sites exist which can facillitate various investigations of diverse ideas and phenomena.
Numerous sites fail to post privacy policies as required.
Numerous situations obligate different terrain, weather, and climatic conditions.
Numerous sizes are available.
Numerous ski runs.
Numerous skills gain from working at the hospital.
Numerous skins shed by developing aphids are also unsightly.
Numerous snowfalls provide for great snowmobile riding throughout the season.
Numerous societies exist that promote the adoption of retired racing greyhounds.
Numerous solutions exist for reducing deer population levels.
Numerous sources contain information that can be classified as semi-structured.
Numerous sources estimate the death toll of sanctions and bombing to be over one million.
Numerous sources outline the components of a successful management strategy for e-mail.
Numerous sources supplement the text.
Some numerous sources sustain survival.
Numerous specializations are available within the three general areas.
Numerous species are critically endangered in all parts of the world.
Numerous species are of commercial value or are used to monitor seawater pollution.
Numerous species are significant economically.
Numerous species eat the fruit or make hole nests in dead branches.
Numerous species inhabit the region year-round.
Numerous species injured by the oil spill use the area for nesting, feeding, molting and wintering.
Numerous species live in tropical seas and some of tnem attain alarge size.
Numerous species occur.
Numerous species reach the limits of their ranges in the watershed.
Numerous species render oils that result in flavorings.
Numerous species serve as indirect indicators of habitat quality.
Numerous spices come from members of Lauraceae.
Numerous spots cause infected leaf parts to yellow, wilt and die.
Numerous spots develop on the lower leaves, petioles, and stems in early spring.
Numerous springs are located along the shores.
Numerous springs emerge from the sides of the cliffs.
Numerous springs provide homes to many species of wildlife.
Numerous springs provide potable water allowing trips from several days to a week.
Numerous staff is brought in each summer to instruct during our summer programs.
Numerous stalls offer a variety of local wares.
Numerous stamens are evident.
Numerous stamens surround the gynoecium which is a pistil surmounted by a multiple stigma.
Some numerous stamens surround green carpels.
Numerous stars show infalling gas signatures.
Numerous starters return all across the front.
Numerous states continue to permit corporal punishment in schools or child care programs.
Numerous states continue to regulate the rates for local collect calls.
Numerous states have generous rebates.
Numerous states offer financial aid programs.
Numerous states require specific treatments for Japanese beetle.
Numerous stories abound about the media-induced trepidation produced in Belgrade by the eclipse.
Numerous streams are rich with rainbow trout.
Numerous streams descend from the mountains and find their way to the sea by the various glens.
Numerous streams flow into Columbia Bay's protected estuaries.
Numerous streams flow into the river, and access is available at county and forest service roads.
Numerous streams run through it.
Numerous streams run throughout the property making it a tremendous hunting tract.
Numerous streams tumble musically over low waterfalls.
Numerous streams work their way down to the river.
Numerous streets have incomplete sidewalks, and some no sidewalks at all.
Numerous students apply for the funds each year.
Numerous students are members of the association.
Numerous students assess that they benefitted from the networking that goes on in the courses.
Numerous students assist as cafeteria helpers, office helpers, messengers, and tutors.
Numerous students have some form of money in stocks or bonds.
Numerous students receive district and regional recognition for musical excellence.
Numerous students take part in activities including clubs and sports.
Numerous studies affirm the exceptional economic environment of the city of Vienna.
Numerous studies are available.
Numerous studies are under way to find a cure.
Numerous studies cite excessive stress as highly correlated with tinnitus onset.
Numerous studies confirm a key role for cholinergic nerve transmission in sexual responses.
Numerous studies confirm anti-platelet drugs are effective for high risk and moderate risk patients.
Numerous studies confirm that as people age, they want to remain in their home communities.
Numerous studies confirm that exercise and wellness programs lower the overall costs of healthcare.
Numerous studies confirm that fatherlessness contributes to child poverty.
Numerous studies confirm that smoking causes premature aging and wrinkling of the face.
Numerous studies confirm the importance of getting enough calcium.
Numerous studies confirm the toxicity of different POPs to humans.
Numerous studies confirm valerian's effectiveness for poor sleep.
Numerous studies demonstrate the benefit of photocoagulation in cases with macular involvement.
Numerous studies demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of primary care physicians.
Numerous studies describe girls' loss of self-esteem at adolescence.
Numerous studies document heavy patterns of use and problems related to use.
Numerous studies document that the fetus is highly sensitive to hormones and hormone-like chemicals.
Numerous studies document the psychological benefits of sport and exercise.
Numerous studies exist and various infrastructure rollout programmes have been proposed.
Numerous studies find fish eaters have less heart disease.
Numerous studies have shown that the sooner errors are found, the less costly they are to correct.
Numerous studies highlight the importance of and high rate of return on investments in people.
Numerous studies indicate a link between asthma attacks and air pollution levels.
Numerous studies indicate that a healthy lifestyle improves one's overall quality of life.
Numerous studies indicate that exercise decreases mild depression as effectively as psychotherapy.
Numerous studies indicate that physical education is essential to children's health.
Numerous studies indicate that soy protein can help.
Numerous studies indicate that the type of instruction does affect student learning.
Numerous studies link excessive weight to high blood pressure.
Numerous studies link expectations for success and achievement-related behaviors.
Numerous studies link it to serious health problems.
Numerous studies point to a modest beneficial effect of olive oil consumption on breast cancer risk.
Numerous studies point to fruits and vegetables as anti-high blood pressure agents.
Numerous studies point to the link between work-family balance, increased productivity, and profits.
Numerous studies prove it.
Numerous studies prove that early childhood education works.
Numerous studies report California brome in secondary succession.
Numerous studies report positive results.
Numerous studies reveal the Gamma Knife to be highly effective.
Numerous studies show a link between high fiber intake and decreased risk of colon cancer.
Numerous studies show a link to cancer.
Numerous studies show adolescents are the group most at risk to start smoking.
Numerous studies show different attempts at the composition.
Numerous studies show folate is an important player in the prevention of birth defects in newborns.
Numerous studies show increased corn yields resulting from narrow row widths.
Numerous studies show lower levels of vitamins and minerals in depressed people.
Numerous studies show no conclusive evidence that the death penalty in effective in reducing crime.
Numerous studies show that children who eat breakfast definitely perform better in school.
Numerous studies show that consumers use a brand name as a substitute for product quality.
Numerous studies show that education is one of the most effective ways to reduce recidivism.
Numerous studies show that exercise can help overcome the blues.
Numerous studies show that farmland pays more in taxes than it takes in government services.
Numerous studies show that fat in the hips and thighs is less health threatening than abdominal fat.
Numerous studies show that health insurance is highly tied to employment status.
Numerous studies show that health problems can be linked to poor nutrition.
Numerous studies show that Internet access is quickly spreading to the low-income population.
Numerous studies show that it causes cancer in lab animals.
Numerous studies show that jet skis cause lasting damage to park resources and wildlife.
Numerous studies show that lead in any amount can be dangerous for children.
Numerous studies show that local indicia result in significantly higher response rates.
Numerous studies show that many managers also, in fact, exercise policy leadership.
Numerous studies show that oat bran does as good a job as beans.
Numerous studies show that simply consuming soy protein lowers cholesterol and blood pressure.
Numerous studies show that staying active can help prevent heart disease.
Numerous studies show that teachers often treat boys and girls differently.
Numerous studies show that the simpler the reply device, the higher the response rate.
Numerous studies show that when BMPs are implemented, water quality is maintained.
Numerous studies show that women are in worse financial shape than men in the United States.
Numerous studies show the positive effect of arts work with offenders.
Numerous studies show women achieving stronger roles and greater importance in the work force.
Numerous studies state that there is a link between violent programming and aggressive behavior.
Numerous studies suggest children of both sexes develop clear preferences for thin bodies.
Numerous studies suggest that A is toxic to neurons by free radical-mediated mechanisms.
Numerous studies suggest that carotenes as a whole can reduce the risk of heart disease.
Numerous studies suggest that specific climatic variables change total effi- ciency.
Numerous studies suggest that specific climatic variables change total efficiency.
Numerous studies suggest that the use of renewable energy resources can expand rapidly.
Numerous studies suggest the safety and efficacy of commonly used antidepressant agents.
Numerous styles are available and prices are effected by the gold prices.
Numerous styles exist for citing sources in scholarly research.
Numerous submersibles are capable of greater depths.
Numerous substations serve many members from each point.
Numerous suckers grow beside the trunk and have to be eliminated occasionally.
Numerous summits rise grandly above the tree line.
Numerous superstitions surround mirrors.
Numerous supplements are no longer available or available only by prescription.
Numerous supports extend from the wingtips to the main gear.
Numerous surveys examine much larger slices of the universe.
Numerous surveys indicate that clients like and respect their own lawyer.
Numerous surveys indicate that fear of death runs a distant second to fear of talking in public.
Numerous surveys indicate that the use of telecommuting is growing.
Numerous surveys provide information on self-reported health status using a variety of instruments.
Numerous swims are necessary though none is as long as the one in the entrance area.
Numerous symptoms can be a consequence of food protein intolerance.
Numerous systems are already interoperable.
Numerous tables tie abstract concepts to their measurable counterparts.
Numerous tapestries show women working in fields wearing sleeveless stay-like bodices.
Numerous teachers come together to provide comprehensive, skilled and fun classes.
Numerous teachers give lessons and builders are making ever better instruments.
Numerous techniques are available and effective.
Numerous techniques are available with varying degrees of accuracy.
Numerous techniques exist for communicating with others for personal, social, and academic reasons.
Numerous technologies are available to students and are infused into the curriculum.
Numerous technologies offer promise and benefits to providers and recipients of home health.
Numerous technologies originate from Hackney and remain to set the standards in the industry.
Numerous tentacles extend from the margin of the bell.
Numerous tests are available to provide individuals with information about themselves.
Numerous testimonials are presently available upon request.
Numerous texts cover the current knowledge of the subject well.
Numerous textbooks are available for either preference, and some are available in both formats.
Numerous themes are interwoven to create individual styles that run through the score.
Numerous theologies exist.
Numerous theories abound as to what makes acupuncture effective for pain.
Numerous theories exist as to the origin of the term.
Numerous theories exist, but the exact mechanism continues to be speculative.
Numerous theories postulate how a varicocele can affect fertility.
Numerous therapies exist, yet none is optimal.
Numerous things are necessary for it to be successful.
Numerous things drive market prices.
Numerous thunderstorms produce high wind.
Numerous thunderstorms produce wind.
Most numerous thunderstorms produce high wind.
Most numerous thunderstorms produce wind.
Numerous titles are available by mail order.
Numerous titles indexed are available locally via microformat.
Numerous tools are available for conducting searches of web resources.
Numerous tools are available to the user on workstations, such as spell-checkers, etc. or macros.
Numerous tools exist for healthcare providers to communicate and access information on the Internet.
Numerous topics allow for student investigation and exploration.
Numerous topics are of interest in substance abuse prevention.
Numerous topics are part of current research cooperations with leading industrial companies.
Numerous tours are available with the city and surrounding countryside.
Numerous tradeoffs exist in achieving desired goals.
Numerous traders buy and sell at equilibrium prices.
Numerous traders use the classifieds to connect with traders in other cities.
Numerous trails are available for walking, cycling, and wildlife or bird watching.
Numerous trails are lift accesible from the top of the mountain.
Numerous trails begin in the canyon and allow foot, horse or bicycle access into the backcountry.
Numerous trails begin in the canyon and allow foot, horse or tricycle access into the backcountry.
Numerous trails create a maze through the park for bikers in search of longer or shorter rides.
Numerous trails crisscross the forest, allowing hikes of various lengths.
Numerous trails criss-cross the gently rolling land and reveal diverse trees and wildlife habitats.
Numerous trails crisscross the park, providing a number of day trip options.
Numerous trails criss-cross the wilderness.
Numerous trails cross the natural area.
Numerous trails follow the drainages most of which interconnect.
Numerous trails provide access, and human use is heavy.
Numerous trails provide opportunities for walking through scenic conservation land.
Numerous trails run through the canyon and along each ridge.
Numerous trails wind their way through the park.
Numerous trails wind through the preserve.
Numerous trails wind through the wooded hillsides surrounding the campus.
Numerous traps are also available to catch or kill some animals.
Numerous traps are also non-chemical methods of eradicating the little buggers.
Numerous treatments are available for obesity.
Numerous treatments are now available for the management of patients with epilepsy.
Numerous trees are down on the north part of the trail.
Numerous trial runs on commercial web coaters point to high reproducibility.
Numerous tributaries feed into the Snake River.
Numerous trips are available as well as canoeing and kayaking classes.
Numerous troubles arise when one acts with a feeling of egoism.
Numerous turnouts offer great photo opportunities for mountains and wildlife.
Numerous types are available.
Numerous uncertainties surround the new generation of fuel efficient cars.
Numerous undergraduates are already active in our laboratories during the academic year.
Numerous undergraduates choose to work with BSysE faculty on research projects.
Numerous vaccines are available commercially.
Numerous vacuoles are visible within the keratinized cells of the epidermis.
Some numerous vacuoles fill with glycogen.
Numerous variables are at work, often simultaneously, all adding to the complexity of the problem.
Numerous variables are inescapable.
Numerous variables can affect premiums.
Numerous variables impact plankton development and assemblage.
Numerous variables preclude the possibility of exact burn rate comparisons.
Numerous variations are possible depending upon the couple's wishes.
Numerous variations are possible depending upon the person's wishes.
Numerous variations are possible.
Numerous variations can occur during crystallization to influence the resulting rock.
Numerous variations exist, including games that involve bidding, etc.
Numerous variations exist.
Numerous varieties are available with white, violet, blue, lilac, pink, and magenta flowers.
Numerous varieties are available.
Numerous varieties are in commercial use.
Numerous vendors can supply.
Numerous vendors provide equipment to support the technology.
Numerous vendors provide restriction enzymes for use in molecular biology.
Numerous versions are almost the same.
Numerous versions exist for various topics and time periods.
Numerous vertebrae protect cord.
Numerous vertebrae protect delicate spinal cord.
Numerous vertebrae protect spinal cord.
Numerous vertebrates consume fruit.
Numerous vessels have long, narrow necks and wide, rounded bellies.
Numerous vessels pierce the perineurium to join the endoneurial vascular network.
Numerous videos accompany the instruction.
Numerous vignettes reflect clinical slant of the exam.
Numerous viruses plant their code in the partition sector.
Numerous volcanoes populate the floor of the ocean basins.
Numerous volunteers give their time in the production and mailing of materials.
Numerous walkways cover the large rooms creating numerous vantage points.
Numerous water stops along the course.
Numerous waterbirds are common sights year-round on the bay.
Numerous waterfalls cascade down moss covered slopes, making for a feeling of joy and enchantment.
Numerous waterfalls cascade through the pristine glens.
Numerous waterfalls characterize many Hawaiian streams.
Numerous waterfalls descend from the plateau's steep escarpments.
Numerous waterfalls tumble down from the shelves on either side.
Numerous ways exist to utilize the expressive arts in counseling.
Numerous weapons are in the game, ranging from kitchen knifes to hunting rifles.
Numerous websites cater for backpackers.
Numerous websites offer free email and Internet access.
Numerous wells provide irrigation for the gardens.
Numerous whitecaps are now present.
Numerous wildflowers appear along the wilderness area trails.
Numerous wildflowers decorate the trail in summer.
Numerous windows command views of the northwest campus area and the room is wired for the ethernet.
Numerous windows give plenty of sunlight creating a healthy learning environment.
Numerous windows make the guest house the brightest of all our guest rooms.
Numerous wineries are open to the public, and offer tours and wine-tasting.
Numerous wizards assist in installation, and online help is available.
Numerous works are in private collections.
Numerous works deal with the formalization of emergence.
Numerous workshops are available.
Numerous worm holes about the map.
Numerous wrecks lie in the extensive reefs off the north and eastern coasts of the island.
Numerous writers offer examples such as the following.
Numerous writers submit samples of their work for feedback and honest critique.
Numerous writings tell tragically of a distressing past.
Numerous year end high point awards.
Numidy feathers have a straight stem and a very long, dropping fiber.
Numinous experiences occur when the self regains a former level of simplicity.
Numismatic collection is also on view.
Numismatic evidence helps illustrate the coexistence of pagan and Jewish symbol structures.
Numismatic evidence plays a part in historical reconstruction now.
Many numismatic experts review our coin forum daily.
Most numismatic publications focus purely on the collector's view of the coin market.
Numismatic value is worth the price.
A numismatist is a collector
Numismatists are proud to be known as individuals who know what they want.
Some numismatists consider it as a fantasy.
Nummular dermatitis can resolve completely, though typically it persists for years.
Nummular dermatitis is a condition confined to the skin.
Nummular dermatitis is more common in males.
Nummular dermatitis is rare in children.
Nummular eczema can occur anywhere on the body and usually affects adults.
Nummular eczema is a chronic condition that frequently worsens in times of emotional stress.
Nummular eczema is diagnosed based on the appearance of the skin and on personal and family history.
Some nun moths cause economic impact.
Some nun moths cause impact.
Some nun moths cause significant economic impact.
Some nun moths cause significant impact.
A nun is a religious person
Nun attends to shrine.
Nun is nothing, gimel is all, hey is half, and shin requires the player to add a token into the pot.
Nun isa individual.
Nun isa person.
Nun isa somebody.
Nun isa someone.
Nun kann es losgehen.
Nun literally means fish.
Nun means that the player does nothing .
Nun means that the player does nothing.
Nuns are afraid to report such incidents.
Nuns are all sluts.
Nuns are also authors, supporters of the missions, and ministers to the poor.
Nuns are beheadeds.
Nuns are letters.
Nuns are located in churchs.
Nuns are our most potent secret weapon.
Nuns are sexy.
Nuns are used for poverty.
Nuns are women.
Nuns are workers.
Nuns attempt to attract women as associates, who can advance their missions and ministries.
Nuns do it out of habit.
Nuns do it, too.
Nuns enjoy it.
Nuns enter the water en masse from various locations about the deck.
Nuns go by as quiet as lust, and drunken men and sober eyes sing in the lobby of the Greek hotel.
Nuns have (part) arms.
Nuns have (part) body substances.
Nuns have (part) cell membranes.
Nuns have (part) cells.
Nuns have (part) corpi.
Nuns have (part) cytoplasm.
Nuns have (part) heads.
Nuns have (part) human bodies.
Nuns have (part) legs.
Nuns have (part) material bodies.
Nuns have (part) necks.
Nuns have (part) nuclei.
Nuns have (part) personality.
Nuns have (part) plasma membranes.
Nuns have (part) sections.
Nuns have (part) vacuoles.
Nuns have an attitude.
Nuns have individual bedrooms now.
Nuns hold an irresistible fascination.
Nuns join a monastery or nunnery and receive religious training in rituals and prayer services.
Nuns live there.
Nuns living together do so in a convent.
Nuns never do fad diets.
Nuns operate robot ships.
Nuns play an important role in the public's image of religious symbolism.
Nuns seek gods.
Nuns still run the joint.
Nuns stride purposefully along the wide stone corridors.
All nuns are under solemn vows to promote their religion in every course they teach.
All nuns wear white clothes.
Many nuns now see brain donation through a liturgical lens or a humorous one.
Most nuns seek gods.
Some nuns also wind up sexually involved with monks.
Some nuns drink beers.
Some nuns make jokes.
Some nuns make juvenile jokes.
Some nuns run temples.
Some nuns seem to harbor secret lusts for each other.
Nunavut is part of Canada.
Nunavut isa thing.
Nunchuck air is the best trick.
Nunes is a popular speaker and guest lecturer at many national conferences and conventions.
Nungish speakers live in upland areas in Kachin State.
A nunnery is a convent
Many nunneries grow their own food to cut expenses.
Some nunneries have rules like the military.
Nupro unity helps a little.
Nuptial flights help prevent inbreeding, but Argentine ants also mate in the nest.
Nuptial gift is a factor of males ability to carry female between flowers.
Nuptial males have bright red or orange fins on the lower sides.
Nurenberg metalworkers become well known for their locks and keys.
Nurse administrators lead and direct large groups of nurses and ancillary personnel.
Nurse administrators precept students into the roles and responsibilities of their positions.
Nurse aides are even more restricted.
Nurse aides provide most of the paid long-term care needed by frail elderly and disabled adults.
Many nurse aides agree with the report.
Many nurse aides go on to become licensed practical nurses, registered nurses and therapists.
Nurse anesthesia is a profession which obviously attracts committed and caring practitioners.
Nurse anesthesia is an advanced clinical nursing specialty.
Nurse anesthesia is an attractive career for both men and women.
Nurse anesthesia is an evolving profession sensitive to the needs of society and the profession.
Nurse anesthesia is an evolving profession, sensitive to the needs of society and the profession.
Nurse anesthesia is more than a career, it is a passion for CRNAs.
Nurse anesthetists are effective administrators of anesthesia.
Nurse anesthetists are happy with the proposal, which they say was a long time in coming.
Nurse anesthetists are legally responsible for the anesthesia care they provide.
Nurse anesthetists are registered nurses who have taken additional coursework.
Nurse anesthetists expect too much from lawyers.
Nurse anesthetists give medicines to block feeling or produce unconsciousness.
Nurse anesthetists give patients anesthesia before, during, and after medical and dental procedures.
Nurse anesthetists have special credentials and unique practice settings.
Nurse anesthetists provide a very important part of anesthesia care.
Nurse anesthetists represent a long-standing commitment to high standards in a demanding field.
Nurse anesthetists use needles to give some patients their anesthetic.
Many nurse anesthetists work in varying degrees of collaboration with surgeons and other physicians.
Many nurse anesthetists work in varying degrees of collaboration with surgeons.
Nurse assistants are an important member of the healthcare team.
Nurse assistants provide a variety of support services for other health-care professionals.
Nurse bees contain proteins.
Nurse bees eat pollen.
Nurse bees take care.
Nurse care involves families.
Nurse cells make sure the egg has all the nutrients it needs before joining with the sperm.
Nurse cells produce the bulk of the cytoplasmic contents of the mature oocyte.
Nurse crops can provide temporary protection until grass cover emerges.
Nurse crops continue to be the preferred method of weed control and seedling alfalfa.
Nurse educators are available to assist with questions.
Nurse educators are best qualified to design and implement nursing articulation models.
Nurse educators are student advocates and facilitators of the learning process.
Nurse educators coordinate the programs.
Nurse educators precept students into the roles and responsibilities of their positions.
Nurse educators respond to the needs of the chronically mentally disabled.
Nurse educators share a common bond for maintaining continued competence.
Nurse educators teach at nurse schools.
Nurse educators teach at schools.
Nurse educators teach nursing and health care in nursing and medical schools.
Most nurse educators teach at nurse schools.
Most nurse educators teach at schools.
Nurse icons change color when they are on break.
Nurse interviews are in the process.
Nurse leaders are experts at delegation.
Nurse leaders are prepared at for middle management and executive leadership roles.
Nurse leaders are visionaries who enable their followers to realize their full potential.
Nurse leadership is needed to ensure that patient needs are met as delivery systems change.
Nurse logs occur where seeds sprout and grow on fallen trees.
Nurse managers are in a position to move individuals and groups towards cultural sensitization.
Nurse managers can face that resistance over a new heart monitor or a new vacation policy.
Nurse managers deal with internal and external conflict daily.
Nurse managers have few hours in a day to nurture and hand-hold.
Nurse managers work in a more focused way with their own staffs.
Nurse mentors are essential to professional development and optimal patient care.
Nurse midwifes are registered nurses.
Nurse midwifes provide care.
Nurse midwifes treat pregnant women.
Nurse midwifes treat women.
Nurse midwifes work in centers.
Nurse midwives are RNs with advanced education in prenatal, labor and delivery, and postpartum care.
Nurse midwives are usually more open to natural childbirth options.
Nurse midwives believe that birth is a normal, physiologic event that affects the whole family.
Nurse midwives combine nursing with midwifery.
Nurse midwives do co-manage multiple gestation pregnancies.
Many nurse midwives deliver in hospitals and practice along side an obstetrician.
Most nurse midwifes provide care.
Most nurse midwifes treat pregnant women.
Most nurse midwifes treat women.
Most nurse midwifes work in centers.
Some nurse midwifes apply knowledge.
Some nurse midwifes have extensive medical trains.
Some nurse midwifes have extensive trains.
Some nurse midwifes have ranges.
Some nurse midwifes have trains.
Nurse moms need proteins.
Nurse mothers care for children.
Nurse mothers care for own children.
Nurse mothers drink liquids.
Nurse mothers have appetite.
Nurse mothers live in areas.
A nurse practitioner is a nurse
Nurse practitioners are a vital part of quality health care in America.
Nurse practitioners are able to write prescriptions and provide care under physician supervision.
Nurse practitioners are advanced registered nurses.
Nurse practitioners are also available and are valuable members of our healthcare delivery team.
Nurse practitioners are also available to faculty for consultation.
Nurse practitioners are also educators, researchers, case managers, and patient advocates.
Nurse practitioners are available to discuss problems and questions by phone.
Nurse practitioners are good for the community and good for business.
Nurse practitioners are in very high demand in the job market.
Nurse practitioners are likely to treat home care patients in ambulatory care settings.
Nurse practitioners are nurses.
Nurse practitioners are present to evaluate some routine patients.
Nurse practitioners are primary care providers who work in a number of settings.
Nurse practitioners are registered nurses who have additional knowledge and skills.
Nurse practitioners are registered nurses who have an advanced education and clinical training.
Nurse practitioners are registered nurses with advanced education at the master's or doctoral level.
Nurse practitioners are registered nurses with advanced training.
Nurse practitioners are registered nurses.
Nurse practitioners are the primary providers of care.
Nurse practitioners are there in our right to offer our own style of health care.
Nurse practitioners are welcome to submit any question on clinically focused topics.
Nurse practitioners assess and manage both medical and nursing problems.
Nurse practitioners can also order and interpret laboratory and other diagnostic tests.
Nurse practitioners can also prescribe.
Nurse practitioners can prescribe medication in most States.
Nurse practitioners can prescribe medications in all States and the District of Columbia.
Nurse practitioners can prescribe medications in most States.
Nurse practitioners can prescribe medications in some States.
Nurse practitioners can specialize in the care of persons with children, adults, or the elderly.
Nurse practitioners can work with or without the supervision of a physician.
Nurse practitioners care for basically healthy women with typical health care needs.
Nurse practitioners care for the sick and injured.
Nurse practitioners diagnose, manage, and treat common acute and stable chronic illnesses.
Nurse practitioners do more than direct patient care.
Nurse practitioners encourage client self responsibility and participation in health care decisions.
Nurse practitioners fill gaps between the more traditional roles of nurse and physician.
Nurse practitioners function in an advanced role.
Nurse practitioners have a national certifying exam that many people take.
Nurse practitioners have clinical autonomy and enhanced status within the clinical team.
Nurse practitioners have prescriptive privileges in the District of Columbia.
Nurse practitioners have the knowledge and ability to effect positive change for their patients.
Nurse practitioners identify and manage health problems and promote preventive health behaviors.
Nurse practitioners identify the state of health of individuals or families.
Nurse practitioners make a real difference in the quality of life for their patients.
Nurse practitioners perform follow-up tests, freeing clinicians for other patients.
Nurse practitioners play an important role in rural medical care.
Nurse practitioners practice under rules and regulations developed by state boards of nursing.
Nurse practitioners promote positive health and self-care skills through education and counseling.
Nurse practitioners provide comprehensive family planning services on a sliding fee scale.
Nurse practitioners provide general medical care to patients.
Nurse practitioners see children for checkups, injuries or common illnesses.
Nurse practitioners serve as excellent resources for monitoring and treating arthritis.
Nurse practitioners take medical histories and perform physical exams.
Nurse practitioners work directly with specific oncologists.
Nurse practitioners work in collaboration with physicians.
Nurse practitioners work in conjunction with physicians in diagnosing and treating illness.
Nurse practitioners work with people of all ages and their families.
All nurse practitioners consult with physicians and other health professionals when needed.
Most nurse practitioners have a master's or doctoral degree in nursing.
Nurse researchers are scientists who study various aspects of health, illness and health care.
Nurse researchers can pursue new research.
Nurse researchers study the responses individuals and groups have for a variety of health concerns.
Nurse review is necessary under all levels of medication licensure.
A nurse shark is a shark
Nurse shark are frequent visitors.
Nurse shark are pretty tame, no worries.
Nurse sharks are brownish in color.
Nurse sharks are fish.
Nurse sharks are night hunters.
Nurse sharks are nocturnal , and are very sluggish and are harmless unless bothered .
Nurse sharks are nocturnal hunters and rest during the day.
Nurse sharks are nocturnal, and are very sluggish and are harmless unless bothered.
Nurse sharks are nocturnal, bottom dwelling, inshore sharks found in lagoons and outer reefs.
Nurse sharks are sharks.
Nurse sharks are very active during the night .
Nurse sharks are very active during the night.
Nurse sharks do well in captivity.
Nurse sharks eat bottom-dwelling fish, crabs, lobsters, and shrimp.
Nurse sharks feed mostly on bottom invertebrates, including lobsters and sea urchins.
Nurse sharks feed on crustaceans , mollusks , sea snakes , fish , coral , and tunicates .
Nurse sharks feed on crustaceans, mollusks, sea snakes, fish, coral, and tunicates.
Nurse sharks feed on small animals living on the bottom.
Nurse sharks have dorsal fins.
Nurse sharks have fins.
Nurse sharks have the simplest type of tooth arrangement found in sharks .
Nurse sharks have the simplest type of tooth arrangement found in sharks.
Nurse sharks rely primarily on smell to locate prey.
Nurse sharks spend most of their time at the bottom of shallow water.
Nurse sharks swim effortlessly looking for small bottom-dwelling invertebrates.
Nurse sharks use thick lips to suck food from rocky crevices.
Nurse sharks vary in color from tawny to dark brown.
Most nurse sharks have fins.
Nurse specialists work in fields.
Most nurse specialists work in fields.
Nurse technicians provide care such as bathing, walking, feeding and dressing patients.
Nurse training is like boot camp.
Nurse training is via a degree or diploma course.
Nurse trees are prevalent along the early part of the trail through the desert and along the bajada.
Nurse trees help control weeds, improve crop tree form, and reduce wind.
Nurse visitors work with families through the first two years after birth of their first child.
A nurse is a caregiver
Nurse brings in pills.
Nurse comes once a week for check-ups.
Nurse enters to take tests.
Nurse isa adult.
Nurse looks so far away.
Nurse picks up message.
Nurse pulls patient chart.
Nurse takes some medicine and a thermometer from the tea tray.
Nurses achieve excellent outcomes.
Nurses achieve outcomes.
Nurses act as advisers and consultants to the health care and insurance industries.
Nurses act like liaisons, but the other people going through the program really help.
Nurses actually work in clinics, hospitals, health centers, and schools.
Nurses aim to work within the zone of helpfulness.
Nurses alone constitute the single largest category of health workforce across Europe.
Nurses also act as a liaison between the patient and the physician.
Nurses also act as advocates to assist patients in the appeal process.
Nurses also administer and monitor medications.
Nurses also are on duty to attend to health needs.
Nurses also assist in obtaining equipment, supplies and help the family with problem solving.
Nurses also can use their skills for management or consulting.
Nurses also care deeply for their communities, their profession and their colleagues.
Nurses also deliver the majority of long-term patient care.
Nurses also direct and supervise nursing support personnel.
Nurses also direct the morning meeting.
Nurses also examine suspects.
Nurses also face increasing violence, as do teachers .
Nurses also form a critical link between the child and the medical provider.
Nurses also have a clear legal obligation to report abuse or neglect to the appropriate authorities.
Nurses also have a responsibility to stop the abuse.
Nurses also have difficulty balancing a home and work life.
Nurses also have more patients and staffing is often short, compelling nurses to work overtime.
Nurses also have open clinic times everyday for emergencies.
Nurses also have people skills, teaching ability and technical savvy due to work experiences.
Nurses also help doctors perform diagnostic tests.
Nurses also help teen parents to become independent and self-sufficient.
Nurses also identifies some reservations they have in regard to supervising nurse assistants.
Nurses also maintain health records.
Nurses also make house calls to find out what virus a child has and when it hit.
Nurses also participate in the campus medical emergency response team.
Nurses also play a key role in the management of chronic diseases and disabilities.
Nurses also play a significant role in politics.
Nurses also provide education on topics such as medication administration and other self-care needs.
Nurses also provide education to promote health and prevent injury and illness.
Nurses also provide medication and sedation support as needed.
Nurses also receive extensive training in their areas of specialized patient care.
Nurses also report having more time to devote to patient care.
Nurses also return to graduate school to learn business and administration skills.
Nurses also serve as liaisons between school, home and the medical community.
Nurses also serve as resource persons to classroom teachers in conducting health education sessions.
Nurses also submit to random drug testing.
Nurses also suffer from societal tolerance of violence.
Nurses also teach in schools of nursing, in colleges and universities through the world.
Nurses also teach in schools of nursing, in colleges and universities throughout the world.
Nurses also teach in universities, and hospitals.
Nurses also visit some patients at home.
Nurses also work in patients' homes, and nursing homes.
Nurses also work in the prison system, city and some continue research in the health care industry.
Nurses also work unsupervised in office settings like plastic surgery centers.
Nurses appreciate the shared power in being able to have a voice in the choice style, color, etc.
Nurses are a critical piece in the health care system.
Nurses are a special type of people.
Nurses are a vital part to care in any institutions, especially in a nursing home setting.
Nurses are able to make tremendous headway because they are so trusted.
Nurses are able to take electronic tests over the Internet and receive credit instantly.
Nurses are accessible by pager if the patient has further questions.
Nurses are accountable .
Nurses are accountable for assisting persons toward health.
Nurses are accountable for judgments made and actions taken in the course of nursing practice.
Nurses are accountable for the outcome of delegated acts.
Nurses are accountable for their records.
Nurses are active in a number of programs at Kings.
Nurses are active participants on the interdisciplinary health care team.
Nurses are advocates and health educators for patients, families, and communities.
Nurses are afraid to act as their conscience and education dictates because of fear of retaliation.
Nurses are also a good source of information.
Nurses are also a source of information for the patient.
Nurses are also able to receive information from heart and other monitors on their beepers.
Nurses are also at risk for violence and abuse in the workplace.
Nurses are also available for a free evaluation visit to the home.
Nurses are also available for consultation at all of our other sites.
Nurses are also available to help with patient care.
Nurses are also interpreters.
Nurses are also on call after hours for emergencies.
Nurses are among few groups of professionals whose mistakes can cost lives.
Nurses are an integral part of the team.
Nurses are angels of Mercy, some say.
Nurses are angry, burned out.
Nurses are aok.
Nurses are apathetic to patients and disrespectful to doctors.
Nurses are at many different levels in regards to computer literacy.
Nurses are at risk.
Nurses are at the camp all day, in case of emergency.
Nurses are at the center of health care.
Nurses are available daily, year-round.
Nurses are available during school and residential hours.
Nurses are available for telephone consultations too.
Nurses are available to address any related issues.
Nurses are available to answer general questions about burn medical treatment.
Nurses are available to assist students with routine medical needs.
Nurses are available to make follow-up visits in the home.
Nurses are available to provide intervention when necessary.
Nurses are available to students for any information or doctor referrals.
Nurses are better educated and have a different role, including primary research.
Nurses are busier and patients are sicker.
Nurses are by nature susceptible to quackery.
Nurses are capable and committed to health care.
Nurses are care givers.
Nurses are caregivers.
Nurses are certainly experts in their field.
Nurses are certainly in today's context of caring.
Nurses are client advocates.
Nurses are closer to patients than any other health professional.
Nurses are concerned with interacting with their clients.
Nurses are consistently among the most trusted of professionals.
Nurses are crucial, since they have most direct contact with patients.
Nurses are dead.
Nurses are different from doctors.
Nurses are either on-call or visit frequently at our apartments.
Nurses are engaged in duties.
Nurses are equally concerned.
Nurses are especially willing to provide answers to questions.
Nurses are essential to the delivery system, more so than ever.
Nurses are everywhere.
Nurses are excellent at taking care of the sick.
Nurses are excellent project directors.
Nurses are experts in community health care, from assessment to decision-making to evaluation.
Nurses are exposed to theories everyday in their practice.
Nurses are extremely devoted people, who are just as significant as physicians.
Nurses are far too disorganized.
Nurses are frequently the ones who interact with patients in clinical trials.
Nurses are frontline people in the emergency room.
Nurses are frontline providers of health care.
Nurses are frustrated and patients are furious.
Nurses are generally cute and keep themselves clean.
Nurses are generally receptive, as are other anesthesiologists.
Nurses are generally the practitioners who give the medication.
Nurses are good at recognizing high-risk situations.
Nurses are health educators, clinical specialists, family advocates and health policy makers.
Nurses are health professionals.
Nurses are heroes in the little things they do for their patients struggling with disease.
Nurses are highly respected and supported by the public.
Nurses are human beings with normal sexual emotions and desires, as are patients.
Nurses are in a perfect position to write captivating stories and books.
Nurses are in a position to educate clients and are often looked to for support and guidance.
Nurses are in a prime position to screen for domestic violence.
Nurses are in an opportune position to detect skin changes in their patients.
Nurses are in clinic most of the day and return phone calls when clinic is completed.
Nurses are in demand throughout the world.
Nurses are in demand.
Nurses are in effect mechanisms for change.
Nurses are in extreme demand and are being compensated accordingly.
Nurses are in greater demand in today s hospitals, nursing facilities, and community agencies.
Nurses are in short supply and the situation is predicted to get worse.
Nurses are in shortest supply in rural areas and in nursing subspecialties, such as critical care.
Nurses are in the frontline for providing health care today and preparing for tomorrow.
Nurses are in the unique situation of being entrusted with the care of another human being.
Nurses are in touch with their patients much more than doctors are, and seem to care more.
Nurses are increasingly critical to health care.
Nurses are increasingly critical to healthcare.
Nurses are increasinglycritical to healthcare.
Nurses are individually accountable for the care of each patient.
Nurses are individually accountable to the public for their competence.
Nurses are individually accountable.
Nurses are integral to doing just that.
Nurses are intelligent, dedicated, ambitious, compassionate, involved and deserving of a good wage.
Nurses are key in the management and treatment of patients with severe head injury.
Nurses are key players on the team.
Nurses are key to the healthy functioning of any community.
Nurses are located in clinics.
Nurses are located in hospitals.
Nurses are located in nursing homes.
Nurses are major providers of health services.
Nurses are medics.
Nurses are members of a global community with no borders or boundaries.
Nurses are much better at customer service, and that is vital to their success in the future.
Nurses are necessary to the health care field.
Nurses are no more likely than anyone in the general public to commit a crime.
Nurses are often in a position to protect vulnerable patients from unauthorized disclosures.
Nurses are often the first to recognize a problem with a medical device.
Nurses are often the front line in healthcare and the first to see a patient.
Nurses are often the link to treatments.
Nurses are on call at other times.
Nurses are on call for emergencies, and can be reached by calling the health centre.
Nurses are on call.
Nurses are on duty and doctors maintain office hours on the premises.
Nurses are on duty during the academic sessions.
Nurses are on duty every day and a physician is available for appointments.
Nurses are on site at all times.
Nurses are on the forefront to be advocates, educators and practitioners.
Nurses are on the front lines of help for battered women.
Nurses are on the frontline in healthcare.
Nurses are one group that's been left out of the equation so far.
Nurses are only able to carry out orders.
Nurses are open to change, anticipate change, and respond to the challenge of change.
Nurses are patient advocates.
Nurses are patients' best advocates.
Nurses are patients first line of defense.
Nurses are prepared to assume advanced nursing specialty roles, especially in rural areas.
Nurses are proactive in engaging in health promotion and prevention of ill health.
Nurses are really compassionate.
Nurses are really on the front lines to get the word out and make a difference.
Nurses are really on the front lines.
Nurses are recognizing, as professionals, that increased education is always an asset.
Nurses are responsible for notifying the physician.
Nurses Are responsible for the dispensing of medication and caring for the sick and injured.
Nurses are responsible for their actions and put the patient, family, or community first.
Nurses are responsible for their own job search process.
Nurses are responsible for their own recovery.
Nurses are scarce.
Nurses are smart, too.
Nurses are so overworked, that important issues are overlooked.
Nurses are special.
Nurses are specialists in humanness, as well as experts in health and illness.
Nurses are synonymous with a sense of caring and compassion.
Nurses are teachers, technicians and artists of touch.
Nurses are the backbone of health care delivery and our most critical resource.
Nurses are the backbone of the American health care system.
Nurses are the backbone of the whole health care system.
Nurses are the core of the health care system.
Nurses are the first point of contact and the last line of defense for most patients.
Nurses are the foundation for providing care to hospital patients.
Nurses are the front line in quality hospital medical care.
Nurses are the front-line managers of medical care.
Nurses are the gatekeepers for health care in the schools.
Nurses are the health care workers most at risk, with female nurses considered the most vulnerable.
Nurses are the heart and soul of health care and it is time they are compensated accordingly.
Nurses are the heart of health care.
Nurses are the hospital sentinels for patient safety.
Nurses are the largest group of health care professionals.
Nurses are the largest group of health professionals employed in prisons and jails.
Nurses are the largest professional group.
Nurses are the largest single group of healthcare providers in the United States.
Nurses are the ones who touch all the disciplines.
Nurses are the only ones who humanize the experience.
Nurses are the second mothers of the Zambian people.
Nurses are the vital, emotional link with patients.
Nurses are there post op to help the patient recover.
Nurses are there to help the sick get better and to make sure the healthy stay that way.
Nurses are there to take care of the residents.
Nurses are tired of it.
Nurses are to be commended and valued.
Nurses are to blame.
Nurses are to do scut work.
Nurses are tops.
Nurses are unable to advocate for patients when their jobs are threatened.
Nurses are uniformly loved and yet they work, gasp , shifts.
Nurses are usually in the office in the mornings and making home visits in the afternoon.
Nurses are usually responsible for the application of the leeches.
Nurses are valuable resources and can answer many questions.
Nurses are very helpful in moving people around.
Nurses are very important hands on people of healing.
Nurses are very special people with special skills.
Nurses are vital contributing members of the nation's healthcare system.
Nurses are vital to assuring that the patient remains the focus of care.
Nurses are well aware of the trends in health care.
Nurses are well educated and exercise expert clinical decision making.
Nurses are Well Trained.
Nurses are with the clients more than any other health professional.
Nurses are wondrous and vulnerable creatures.
Nurses are, first and foremost, patient advocates.
Nurses assess plan, implement and evaluate the care of patients.
Nurses assist clients to achieve competence in self-care.
Nurses assist in crime scene examinations.
Nurses assist in examinations.
Nurses assist in monitoring medication and responding to phone calls.
Nurses assist individuals and families when illness impairs their ability to cope with daily life.
Nurses assist individuals and groups to achieve and maintain optimal health.
Nurses assist men.
Nurses attend a weekly discharge-planning meeting at Valley hospitals.
Nurses attending the group bring a mix of feelings.
Nurses based in Africa, Australia, Philippines and Europe are in particular demand.
Nurses bear an increasing burden in providing evidence-based care to more and sicker patients.
Nurses bear much of that burden, taking on more duties and more patients.
Nurses become resources.
Nurses becoming totally exhausted is another.
Nurses begin their nutritional assessment when they first see the patient.
Nurses believe that pay is a reflection of how they are valued.
Nurses belong to a single profession.
Nurses brave the new world of health care.
Nurses bridge the gap between the needs of individual patients and the healthcare system.
Nurses bring a special compassion and concern for the patient and for the patient's family.
Nurses bring down the doctor.
Nurses bring in patients in wheelchairs, asking questions while checking the vital signs.
Nurses bring keen observational and assessment skills to school and research settings.
Nurses bring to outcomes research their experiences in patient care.
Nurses bustle about the room, checking monitors, writing notes, adjusting dozens of wires and tubes.
Nurses call for help.
Nurses call the shots.
Nurses can achieve much when given the right support.
Nurses can advance to assistant head nurse or head nurse.
Nurses can advance, in management, to assistant head nurse or head nurse.
Nurses can also get their own e-mail accounts.
Nurses can also reduce afterload by helping patients control pain and anxiety.
Nurses can also teach strategies for communicating with the health care team.
Nurses can arrange escorts to vehicles.
Nurses can attend continuing education programs focusing in specific areas of genetics.
Nurses can be a great resource.
Nurses can be anything they want to be.
Nurses can be political workers, publicists, journalists, speakers, researchers.
Nurses can be role models, demonstrating the results of a healthy lifestyle to patients.
Nurses can be very helpful, by recommending and providing vaccines.
Nurses can best achieve their goals by being both.
Nurses can choose many places to work throughout their entire career.
Nurses can choose to work a schedule that suits their lifestyles.
Nurses can compare their results to national averages and ideal standards.
Nurses can compete, acknowledge our competition and still remain in harmony with one another.
Nurses can cope with new terms, different settings.
Nurses can detect that movement through symptom-distress markers.
Nurses can do many different jobs to help people .
Nurses can do many different jobs to help people.
Nurses can easily become callous to it.
Nurses can establish credibility by being fair and consistent in interpersonal relations.
Nurses can gain continuing education points by watching.
Nurses can gauge their readiness to take exams by answering sample questions.
Nurses can get a quick, approximate glucose level, make a decision, and move on to the next patient.
Nurses can get on with the job they're trained to do.
Nurses can get the ball rolling, one child at a time.
Nurses can give physical help and advice on good skin care.
Nurses can give the facts the member needs.
Nurses can have a major impact on health-care legislation.
Nurses can have a seat at the table through collective bargaining .
Nurses can help families assess the validity of specific treatment approaches.
Nurses can help people sort out and understand it.
Nurses can help to involve the family into the child's daily life as much as possible.
Nurses can incorporate guidelines-based information into the patient education process.
Nurses can leave pertinent information for the next nursing shift.
Nurses can legally diagnose today.
Nurses can make a big difference.
Nurses can make referrals to several different agencies in the community.
Nurses can now visit their patients regularly in their homes.
Nurses can offer an educated opinion of a doctor s technical and people skills.
Nurses can participate in programs that screen for melanoma at clinics, schools and workplaces.
Nurses can perform blood draws as well as follow-up needed for symptom management and lab results.
Nurses can play a critical role to help make it happen.
Nurses can play the role of being conscience and catalyst to improve our world.
Nurses can provide a skin care plan, information on positioning and the use of heat and cold.
Nurses can provide medical information to the teachers or enter it directly.
Nurses can provide the resources either through physical aid, emotional support, or information.
Nurses can put prevention in their practices.
Nurses can quickly create comprehensive, professional letters to patients with the click of a mouse.
Nurses can really drown in all the new things that are cast upon their way every day.
Nurses can reflect parental feelings and actions in understandable terms.
Nurses can schedule patients' appointments at one of the CHCs the following day if necessary.
Nurses can specialise within hospitals, or move out into the community and work as a school nurse.
Nurses can specialize in certain areas, such as anesthesia, surgery or education.
Nurses can specialize in nursing education or nursing administration.
Nurses can take courses in one or all sites.
Nurses can teach their staff or students at a hospital or community college nursing program.
Nurses can tell that they are sometimes in pain.
Nurses can then alert their patients whose health is affected by bad housing to the help available.
Nurses can then take up the slack.
Nurses can transmit videos or teach patients about self care through the system.
Nurses can turn to pharmacists for help.
Nurses can use it on the wards.
Nurses can use their charting skills to affect social change.
Nurses can work closely with consumers to find creative solutions to health system problems.
Nurses can work in a lot of different places and with people of all ages.
Nurses can work in clinics, in the home, in offices, schools, and in businesses.
Nurses can work remotely from multiple locations or can tele-commute from home.
Nurses can work with any age group of people from babies to the elderly.
Nurses can, too.
Nurses care about their patients.
Nurses care each and every time they go the extra mile to assist a patient.
Nurses care for and care about other people.
Nurses care for kin.
Nurses care for patients in every sense of the word.
Nurses care for patients with acute and chronic physical as well as mental health needs.
Nurses care for patients.
Nurses care for people who are facing great disruption in their lives.
Nurses care for the sick and injured and help people stay well.
Nurses carry out medication orders and administer medications to patients at the appropriate times.
Nurses certainly can enrich our knowledge about the effectiveness of interventions and health.
Nurses check patients frequently.
Nurses claim that they have more pharmacology education and training than physicians.
Nurses closely monitor their patients using sophisticated technologies.
Nurses coach the patient through the various stages of the treatments.
Nurses collaborate with others to maximize resources for the benefit of the person.
Nurses collaborate with physicians and care managers to optimize all aspects of patient care.
Nurses collaborate with physicians.
Nurses collaborate with the client and with other healthcare professionals.
Nurses collect data every day and sometimes hourly.
Nurses come in to help, as well as another daughter and a granddaughter.
Nurses come to our office every year and give it for free.
Nurses come to reasoned judgements so that they can act competently in practice.
Nurses communicate with clients and families and provide orientation on an ongoing basis.
Nurses complain that they are too short-staffed, overworked and undervalued to do the job.
Nurses completing the graduate program are eligible to sit for national certification examinations.
Nurses comprise the largest number of health professionals in the United States.
Nurses comprise the majority of board members.
Nurses confirm facts.
Nurses confront ethical dilemmas in four actual work situations.
Nurses consider the emotional and mental aspects of health as well as the physical aspects.
Nurses constantly monitor the patient to prevent children from catching infections.
Nurses consume nuts.
Nurses contact physicians.
Nurses continue to smoke and the uptake among young women is a growing concern globally.
Nurses contribute at monthly team meetings conducted on each child.
Nurses contribute themselves to hospitals.
Nurses coordinate all aspects of care.
Nurses coordinate care.
Nurses coordinate health-care services affecting residents.
Nurses coordinate patient care.
Nurses coordinate rehabilitative care and home care services.
Nurses coordinate the services included in the patient's care plan.
Nurses deal with human rights issues daily, in all aspects of their professional role.
Nurses deal with pain and death in the very young and very old.
Nurses deal with patients struggling with major medical problems.
Nurses deal with personal and emotional aspects of all patients.
Nurses deal with the human response to illness at every stage of life.
Nurses defy the law.
Nurses deliver most of the hands-on care during each shift.
Nurses demonstrate their support for the renewed campaign.
Nurses design an exercise program aimed at meeting patients' specific needs.
Nurses develop an intuitive sense about people .
Nurses develop great flexibility.
Nurses develop outcomes.
Nurses diagnose and treat a person's response to illness.
Nurses discuss care.
Nurses discuss kangaroo care.
Nurses discuss the issues at legislative reception.
Nurses discuss the myriad issues surrounding the decision to strike.
Nurses do a little better than average.
Nurses do care.
Nurses do have solutions to the shortage of specialty nurses.
Nurses do indeed have a sixth sense.
Nurses do it with patience.
Nurses don t feel valued.
Nurses don t have it easy, and it s going to get worse before it gets better.
Nurses draw blood samples.
Nurses draw samples.
Nurses earn less than doctors.
Nurses embrace reality.
Nurses employ theoretical, intuitive, moral and ethical reasoning in their practice.
Nurses employ theoretical, intuitive, moral and ethicla reasoning in their practice.
Nurses encourage patients.
Nurses ensure awareness of community resources and assist accessing services.
Nurses enter labor markets.
Nurses enter markets.
Nurses especially are underpaid.
Nurses establish the helping relationship as the basis for client nurse interaction.
Nurses examine individuals.
Nurses exercise while the camera prowls through a clothesline full of women's undergarments.
Nurses expect to continue expanding their primary care role.
Nurses expose to chemicals.
Nurses face great uncertainty when it comes to receiving malpractice insurance from their employers.
Nurses face multiple challenges in meeting the complex health care needs of the public.
Nurses face speed-up, which brings the constant worry of error.
Nurses face the stress of providing compassionate advice in a hectic work environment.
Nurses fear that pure exhaustion makes it impossible to ensure their patients' and their own safety.
Nurses find patients.
Nurses find themselves having to act as the interface between competing interests.
Nurses fit that profile very well.
Nurses float to different units.
Nurses focus on caring, coupled with understanding and purpose.
Nurses focus on health-wellness maintenance and promotion.
Nurses focus on how individuals and families respond to actual or potential health problems.
Nurses fold surgical gauze in place of cotton balls.
Nurses follow guidelines.
Nurses free up doctors' time.
Nurses function with responsibility and accountability in a variety of roles and settings.
Nurses gain a guaranteed active voice in their practice, with renewed respect and autonomy.
Nurses gain clinical knowledge and skill within the three surgical disciplines.
Nurses gain peer review.
Nurses generally work in well lighted, comfortable buildings.
Nurses generate a lot of garbage during their normal workday.
Nurses get cancers.
Nurses get flu.
Nurses get meager wages, work under insanitary conditions and are vulnerable to sexual abuse.
Nurses get new role in patient protection.
Nurses get really, really upset.
Nurses get that crack in the door that other professionals don t.
Nurses give allergy injections with detailed written instructions and vaccines from an allergist.
Nurses give great importance to the psychosocial health of their patients.
Nurses give patients instructions to make treatments as comfortable as possible.
Nurses go to communities.
Nurses guide to the internet.
Nurses hand out medicine like delicious candy.
Nurses handle formula like a prescription drug.
Nurses handle the procedure, giving the drug every four to six hours.
Nurses have (part) adult bodies.
Nurses have (part) arms.
Nurses have (part) body substances.
Nurses have (part) cell membranes.
Nurses have (part) cells.
Nurses have (part) corpi.
Nurses have (part) cytoplasm.
Nurses have (part) heads.
Nurses have (part) legs.
Nurses have (part) necks.
Nurses have (part) nuclei.
Nurses have (part) personality.
Nurses have (part) plasma membranes.
Nurses have (part) sections.
Nurses have (part) vacuoles.
Nurses have a duty by law and by conscience to act as patient advocates.
Nurses have a duty to care all the way through the end of life.
Nurses have a great deal of credibililty with the public.
Nurses have a key role in ensuring blood safety.
Nurses have a legal right to use the collective bargaining process to protect their professionalism.
Nurses have a perspective that no other health care group has.
Nurses have a pivotal role in reaching individuals and communities about health issues.
Nurses have a professional as well as personal responsibility to protect our breaks.
Nurses have a professional responsibility to stay informed about latex allergy and practice.
Nurses have a responsibility to promote a latex-safe environment for both the patient and the nurse.
Nurses have a right to a balance between their personal and professional lives.
Nurses have a right to bargain collectively.
Nurses have a right to build community coalitions.
Nurses have a right to educate the public about health issues .
Nurses have a right to educate the public about health issues.
Nurses have a significant role to play in primary healthcare and health promotion.
Nurses have a similar program in which they serve in army hospitals.
Nurses have a social contract to respect and protect human life.
Nurses have a social contract with the public.
Nurses have a sound base from which to launch a career in legal nurse consulting.
Nurses have a special accountability to transcend ethnocentrism.
Nurses have a special interest in urodynamics.
Nurses have a strong desire to provide effective individualised care.
Nurses have a unique knowledge and perspective of the perioperative environment.
Nurses have access to the most current and accepted nursing standards of practice.
Nurses have advanced training in trauma nursing and pediatric care.
Nurses have an important voice in the federal election.
Nurses have career opportunity.
Nurses have experience and education in oncology.
Nurses have families, bills, children.
Nurses have job security in an insecure job market.
Nurses have m ore employment opportunities outside hospitals.
Nurses have many career opportunity.
Nurses have many changing duties and have the ability to deal with people effectively.
Nurses have many opportunities to play a leadership role in combating the tobacco epidemic.
Nurses have many opportunity.
Nurses have many options for specialization and advanced training.
Nurses have many responsibilities, and many times several roles coincide.
Nurses have many skills that can be used in non-traditional ways.
Nurses have more options within the field.
Nurses have more paperwork for each client because of managed care and reimbursement procedures.
Nurses have much to dance about.
Nurses have no control over staffing patterns or reimbursement mechanisms.
Nurses have no power.
Nurses have no such right to lose.
Nurses have on-site privileges at several contracted hospitals to allow for active case management.
Nurses have opportunity.
Nurses have power in knowledge and in numbers.
Nurses have rewarding careers.
Nurses have semesters of internship experience.
Nurses have so much to gain and, if the system is properly designed and funded, very little to lose.
Nurses have some of the longest hours and low pay set by the state.
Nurses have special knowledge and skills with which to provide patients the best health care.
Nurses have the background and skills to accomplish such tasks.
Nurses have the best relationships with the patients, much more personal.
Nurses have the most contact with patients and make many decisions about their care.
Nurses have the patient-centered focus to connect with parents, kids and guidelines.
Nurses have the right to advocate for their patients proper treatment.
Nurses have the right to be included in planning, evaluating and implementing patient care.
Nurses have the right to safeguard the standard of practice set by the profession.
Nurses have the unique opportunity to direct the healing experience.
Nurses have to be always ready for change.
Nurses have to be thinkers today.
Nurses have to keep their vision on that horizon.
Nurses have to live with constant suffering and death while providing comfort.
Nurses have to scrub their hands with antibacterial soap for ten minutes.
Nurses have to solve problems all the time.
Nurses have to wage a two-pronged struggle.
Nurses have to walk behind men.
Nurses have to work overtime when they are exhausted.
Nurses have tremendous impact on how a patient adaps to a new ostomy.
Nurses have two options.
Nurses have values.
Nurses hear stories.
Nurses help members with any question they have.
Nurses help parents to find dental care.
Nurses help patients to recover from illness and learn to care for themselves.
Nurses help patients.
Nurses help with educating patient's on, and monitoring of, their condition.
Nurses here do have an almost unlimited number of career options.
Nurses here have some of the same concerns as nurses in the U.S., unfortunately.
Nurses holding doctoral degrees often take positions in research or academic settings.
Nurses improve equity and access to health care and add quality to the outcome of care.
Nurses increase resistance.
Nurses incur disciplinary action from state boards of nursing for many reasons.
Nurses indicate acuity is up.
Nurses influence an array of outcomes in multiple settings.
Nurses inform patients about all available options.
Nurses instruct parents.
Nurses interact with clients and their families, as well as other members of the health care team.
Nurses intervene every day across the country.
Nurses invest in long and arduous training, but then leave the profession because of burn-out.
Nurses issue the pillows to patients upon their return from surgery.
Nurses join unions for the same reasons others do.
Nurses keep all physicians fully informed of the patient's progress.
Nurses keep getting older.
Nurses keep the ward quiet at night by using vibrating beepers and silent pill crushers.
Nurses know - no matter how careful they are, mistakes can happen.
Nurses know best what nurses do.
Nurses know first hand, education decreases anxiety.
Nurses know health.
Nurses know how to multi-task.
Nurses know how to work with many professionals and can advocate beautifully.
Nurses know indicators.
Nurses know that children learn better when they feel well .
Nurses know that healthy students in healthy families make better learners.
Nurses know that patient safety programs make a difference.
Nurses know the value of humor to the survival of our species.
Nurses learn about health care computing in order to provide for better health care.
Nurses learn to manage clinics, physician's offices, hospitals and nursing staffs.
Nurses like to share their expertise with other nurses.
Nurses listen to an explanation of ratification irregularities.
Nurses listen to report in the morning.
Nurses live in the camp infirmary and eat in the dining hall.
Nurses lobby for laws to address disturbing medical trends.
Nurses log on and buy from all over the country.
Nurses look after patients in hospitals.
Nurses maintain care facilities.
Nurses maintain facilities.
Nurses make a difference every day and here's an easy way to do it.
Nurses make a difference in current patient care and do more than carry bedpans and assist doctors.
Nurses make a large contribution to the health and wellness of society today.
Nurses make a very good income.
Nurses make attempts to provide understanding to others.
Nurses make effort.
Nurses make exceptional professional speakers because of their knowledge and experience.
Nurses make great catalysts.
Nurses make home visits beginning in early pregnancy and continue to baby's second birthday.
Nurses make important decisions.
Nurses make intermittent and unscheduled visits.
Nurses make regular home visits to monitor medication regimen and vital signs.
Nurses make significant contributions to the quality of a person's life.
Nurses man the train to ensure continuity of medical care.
Nurses manage cases, and a coordinator makes sure everyone gets the same level of education.
Nurses manage the contexts in which care and treatment occurs.
Nurses monitor and support persons with long-term conditions.
Nurses monitor each resident's health.
Nurses monitor health problems specific to the school building, such as head lice.
Nurses normally report levels of pain to the physician when asking for pain medications.
Nurses now receive certification in emergency care and specialized training in trauma.
Nurses observe hands.
Nurses observe neck veins.
Nurses observe patients to assess symptoms, reactions to treatment, and progress.
Nurses observe veins.
Nurses obviously go through nursing school.
Nurses obviously play a vital part in war because there are so many casualties.
Nurses offer everything from foot massages to formal screening for sores.
Nurses offer invaluable resources to each other, their clients and their workplaces.
Nurses only see bits and pcs.
Nurses operate holistically from a scientific base.
Nurses overwhelmingly support a ban on partial-birth abortion because they reject abortion.
Nurses owe their patients a duty to act in accordance with the standard of care.
Nurses participate in clinical research on prisoners and detainees only with their informed consent.
Nurses participate in development of policy and revision at monthly meetings.
Nurses pass their hands a few inches over patients' bodies without making contact.
Nurses perform a wide range of services requiring a high level of knowledge, judgment, and skills.
Nurses perform indepth assessments and interventions prior to the use of physical restraints.
Nurses perform nursing assessments, personal hygiene tasks, and shift routines.
Nurses place the intravenous line and arrange surgical instruments.
Nurses plan ahead so the child encounters a needle as few times as possible.
Nurses plan and provide patient care.
Nurses plan can cure shortage.
Nurses plan care.
Nurses plan to emphasize how important higher wages are to the profession's future.
Nurses play a key role in planning and providing quality, cost-effective care.
Nurses play a major role in the recovery of severely burned patients.
Nurses play a vital role in Alberta's public health system.
Nurses play a vital role in educating people in how to avoid illness and promote good health.
Nurses play a vital role in our health care system.
Nurses play a vital role in the health care industry.
Nurses play an important role in the practice of using physical restraints in children.
Nurses practice in many settings and assume a vital role in health care.
Nurses protect and preserve dignity and the sanctity of life.
Nurses provide a compassionate environment for optimal physical and emotional comfort.
Nurses provide care to patients across the continuum.
Nurses provide care.
Nurses provide counsel.
Nurses provide details.
Nurses provide emergency first aid, treat minor illness, and provide information and education.
Nurses provide for newborns and communicable disease control.
Nurses provide health care which means that employment opportunities always exist.
Nurses provide health care.
Nurses provide health guidance and information regarding other services.
Nurses provide health guidance, teaching and information and referrals regarding other services.
Nurses provide information on strengthening bones.
Nurses provide intermittent direct client care, treatments, teaching and supervision.
Nurses provide massages and apply hot compresses and balms made with traditional herbs.
Nurses provide nutrition counsel.
Nurses provide ongoing assessment, monitoring, and most of the hands-on care.
Nurses provide specific answers to technical questions.
Nurses provide technical skills as needed.
Nurses provide tests.
Nurses provide the treatment they order.
Nurses provide treatment for minor illness and injuries, counseling, and referrals.
Nurses pursue education.
Nurses push a cart with a notebook computer and medicines into patients' rooms.
Nurses push medication carts bearing little computers into each patient's room.
Nurses read instruction.
Nurses read research articles to keep up to date on new findings for clinical practice.
Nurses recognize both the commonalities and differences of people.
Nurses recognize incidents.
Nurses recognize symptoms.
Nurses recognize the real and strive for the ideal.
Nurses record arm blood pressure.
Nurses record pressure.
Nurses refill the reservoir as needed.
Nurses register detailing class attendance and exam results.
Nurses regularly call members to assess their progress.
Nurses remain in constant communication with the physician.
Nurses render services to clients who can be individuals, families, groups, or communities.
Nurses report low morale, high stress and general work related unhappiness.
Nurses report off each day on changes in patient conditions.
Nurses report that the maternity ward of a hospital can be one of the saddest.
Nurses report two or three episodes of the patient briefly staring off into space.
Nurses represent the largest body of health-care providers.
Nurses representing nurses enhance quality nursing care.
Nurses require a different approach than steelworkers.
Nurses require competent colleagues.
Nurses respect the decisions made by each person.
Nurses respond directly to the needs of clients and to enhance health.
Nurses responses to people with schizophrenia.
Nurses retain the accountability for the delegated intervention or activity.
Nurses retain the accountability for the delegated intervention.
Nurses returning to the workplace show a great deal of anxiety, fear and courage.
Nurses routinely assess pain.
Nurses routinely make judgments and management decisions.
Nurses say that parents often have the mistaken notion that there's a nurse in every school.
Nurses say that the night staff is so limited, they are put in a bind.
Nurses say the biggest negative impact is decreased quality of care.
Nurses say the long hours create a climate that can lead to dangerous errors.
Nurses say there are shortages of antibiotics, syringes and intravenous equipment.
Nurses say there s no getting around the time demands of running for office.
Nurses say they have a promise too.
Nurses say they have to do too much with too little staff.
Nurses say, however, that nothing beats the careful eye of a trained staff.
Nurses scrub and circulate through all speciality areas.
Nurses scurry to and fro, dealing with crises every moment.
Nurses see babies.
Nurses see birds.
Nurses see patient care as a collective multi-disciplinary task.
Nurses serve individuals, families, and communities throughout southeast Michigan.
Nurses serve more than one building, but are available in case of an emergency.
Nurses serve on interdisciplinary placement committees.
Nurses sign a six month contract, which includes two scheduled weekends off.
Nurses simply make checks on a grid, and checks clustered in one area produce an assessment.
Nurses speak in regard to health policy through legislative and political action.
Nurses specializing in areas such as heart surgery, allergies and asthma are in demand.
Nurses spend far more time with critically ill patients and their families than do other caregivers.
Nurses spend more time with patients than any member of the healthcare team.
Nurses spend much of their time on the phone arranging for visits and following up.
Nurses spend time educating students and parents about good health habits.
Nurses spend time helping families understand the disease and the importance of treatment.
Nurses start swarming.
Nurses stay updated on the latest medical technologies and care techniques in their specialty areas.
Nurses still experience unreasonable obstacles to advancing their education.
Nurses still play a vital role in data input and documenting compliance with the plan of care.
Nurses strive to be competent and recognize their limitations.
Nurses strive to return the face of humanity to health care systems.
Nurses suck patients cocks.
Nurses support nursing research and the development of holistically oriented nursing theories.
Nurses support patients.
Nurses take care.
Nurses take on the role with pride and honor.
Nurses take pride in their role as client advocates.
Nurses take turns being on call for all of the agencies clients.
Nurses talk at their morning meeting about cases for the student.
Nurses talk to social workers.
Nurses teach about positive health practices.
Nurses teach all the time.
Nurses teach nutrition to parents, making follow-up home visits to monitor family meals.
Nurses teach patients.
Nurses teach people to promote and maintain their own wellness and to prevent illness.
Nurses tell parents to stop smoking in front of their asthmatic kids.
Nurses tend to operate on an hour by hour time frame when scheduling patient care.
Nurses testify before legislature in safe care .
Nurses then ascertain the seriousness of their mental condition.
Nurses there are more involved in primary care because there are relatively few physicians.
Nurses therefore are likely to play a central role in a reformed health system.
Nurses think patients are beggars worth harassing all the time.
Nurses together can shape the system and reap the rewards for themselves and our patients.
Nurses touch the lives of so many people in times of pain and suffering.
Nurses treat patients, administer tests, and assist in the operating room.
Nurses treat the whole person, interacting in holistic ways that promote optimal health.
Nurses treat warts by appointment.
Nurses trust their peers more than they trust their management.
Nurses update the files using standard, on-screen lists.
Nurses uphold a social contract with society in delivering nursing care.
Nurses use a lot of equipment that they learn about in school and on the job.
Nurses use a wide scientific knowledge base and general of common sense in their care for others.
Nurses use advance technology.
Nurses use delegation, conflict management and critical thinking skills when managing care.
Nurses use language to clearly communicate in-depth information that is significant to nursing care.
Nurses use lotions to massage pulse points and the back.
Nurses use technology.
Nurses use the wireless network to keep track of discharge instructions.
Nurses use their powers of innovation to create a new care model.
Nurses value cultural differences and strive to individualize knowledge for care.
Nurses visit all new mothers and, in poorer neighbourhoods, all expectant mothers.
Nurses visit dialysis centers because kidney disease is hereditary.
Nurses volunteer in the evenings and prepare the patients to see the physicians.
Nurses walk softly into rooms to lower the blinds and turn off the TVs.
Nurses wear gloves.
Nurses wear royal blue.
Nurses wear wristwatches with cigarette brands on the face.
Nurses work as researchers in laboratories, universities, and research institutions .
Nurses work autonomously and utilize decision making skills regularly.
Nurses work closely with both patient and family, providing assistance and support.
Nurses work closely with multiple doctors in the operating room setting.
Nurses work closely with the physician.
Nurses work for years.
Nurses work hard.
Nurses work in any setting where there are clients requiring care.
Nurses work in centers.
Nurses work in collaboration with physicians and members of other healthcare disciplines.
Nurses work in many places .
Nurses work in many places.
Nurses work in positions.
Nurses work in the community, in rural and remote areas and in hospitals.
Nurses work in the hospital setting as well as the outpatient clinic and doctor's office settings.
Nurses work on a primary nurse system.
Nurses work on all shifts in the clinic.
Nurses work primarily in bureaucratic institutions.
Nurses work to make that possible for patients.
Nurses work to promote health, prevent disease, and help patients cope with illness.
Nurses work with families.
Nurses work with people of different age groups and cultural backgrounds throughout the country.
Nurses work with physicians as part of the team.
Nurses work within intimate range of vulnerable people at crucial times of their lives.
Nurses working at night also have to contend with safety and security issues.
Nurses working behind bars do have the added responsibility of being on guard.
Nurses working in rural settings can integrate sexual health care into community health care.
Nurses working today have more career choices than ever.
Nurses always encourage students to discuss their concerns with parents.
Nurses always have the opportunity to change careers.
Nurses always wear gloves.
Nurses frequently encounter elderly patients with anxiety disorders in long-term care facilities.
Nurses frequently question the logic of having their own personal liability insurance coverage.
Nurses often are there to provide more than clinical support.
Nurses often coordinate care between the caregiver disciplines by acting as the care manager.
Nurses often coordinate the team of healthcare professionals who care for patients.
Nurses often fail to see that their perspectives have publishing potential.
Nurses often feel uncomfortable or unprepared to discuss spiritual issues with patients.
Nurses often have a different focus than physicians, in part because they see patients more.
Nurses often have to deal with patients whose comments can cause unnecessary stress.
Nurses often maintain that state throughout their shift without taking a break in the action.
Nurses often turn their anger about their oppression onto other nurses.
Nurses often utilize systems theory to assess family units.
Nurses often work in multi-disciplinary teams.
Nurses often work with multiple patients with various health needs.
Nurses sometimes fall into a pattern of self-neglect by placing others' needs ahead of their own.
Nurses sometimes interview representatives from more than one union before making their decision.
Nurses usually obtain the associate degree at a junior or community college.
Nurses usually work in multi-disciplinary teams.
All nurses are chemotherapy certified, with education provided on an ongoing basis.
All nurses are locals.
All nurses are responsible and accountable professionals.
All nurses are subject to random audit.
All nurses are to be invited to join the employ of the RHAs with an enhanced remuneration package.
All nurses get that over their training period.
All nurses have a thorough individualized orientation based on their needs and experience.
All nurses have many years experience caring for new babies and post-natal mums.
All nurses have opportunities to nurture their careers and to develop themselves professionally.
All nurses have the potential to be an author.
All nurses have the right to be safe.
All nurses provide support to students as they are providing medical attention.
All nurses require a basic knowledge of pharmacology.
All nurses share a commitment to promote quality client care.
Every nurse deserves a voice.
Every nurse has a pin on that looks like an apple.
Every nurse has a story to tell.
Every nurse has an ethical and legal obligation to serve as a patient advocate.
Every nurse knows it.
Every nurse needs to work as part of a team.
Every nurse receives an annual performance appraisal and assessment of competency.
Every nurse wants to make a difference.
Many nurses often have a healthy dose of Cancerian energy in their chart.
Many nurses also become involved in health science research projects.
Many nurses are able to pass general subject examinations after some light reading.
Many nurses are also entrepreneurs.
Many nurses are on the verge of retirement.
Many nurses are volunteers in a research project.
Many nurses are worried about their futures.
Many nurses begin the journey of continuing education without yet having a firm goal in mind.
Many nurses consider the work environment to be hostile for good practice.
Many nurses describe their nursing school clinical experience in their resume.
Many nurses experience a variety of conflicts as they carry out their caregiving roles.
Many nurses feel confused, disillusioned and discouraged.
Many nurses feel overworked and underappreciated.
Many nurses find providing direct care for patients extremely meaningful and rewarding work.
Many nurses go into health care out of a desire to help people get better and minimize suffering.
Many nurses have a hard time articulating the value of nursing.
Many nurses have the potential to be exposed to hazardous drugs in the workplace.
Many nurses leave the bedside for management and case management.
Many nurses leave the profession after our unit has several deaths in a short period of time.
Many nurses prefer to work in the offices because of the fixed hours.
Many nurses return to the nursing unit from which they left.
Many nurses say that loss of clinical control is visible in their daily work.
Many nurses specialize in an area of their greatest interest.
Many nurses suffer from burnout each year and transfer to other professions.
Many nurses think they are unlikely to care for anyone with polio complications.
Many nurses work in research, teaching, and administration.
More nurses are now in the work force than ever before.
More nurses Worsening shortage affects politics, costs, care.
Most nurses accept settlement offers made by the prosecutors assigned to their cases.
Most nurses achieve excellent outcomes.
Most nurses achieve outcomes.
Most nurses agree that they are financially ahead as a travel nurse.
Most nurses are aware that there is no value in watching a person die for lack of technology.
Most nurses are engaged in duties.
Most nurses are only just able to live, never mind have holidays .
Most nurses are women.
Most nurses assist in crime scene examinations.
Most nurses assist in examinations.
Most nurses assist men.
Most nurses become resources.
Most nurses belong to at least one nursing organization with a membership list.
Most nurses care for kin.
Most nurses care for patients.
Most nurses collaborate with physicians.
Most nurses complete the program in two to three years while continuing to work full time.
Most nurses confirm facts.
Most nurses coordinate care.
Most nurses coordinate patient care.
Most nurses develop outcomes.
Most nurses discuss care.
Most nurses discuss kangaroo care.
Most nurses draw blood samples.
Most nurses draw samples.
Most nurses easily make the transition into business or to nontraditional career options.
Most nurses easily make the transition into business or to non-traditional career options.
Most nurses embrace reality.
Most nurses encourage patients.
Most nurses enter labor markets.
Most nurses enter markets.
Most nurses enter the profession with altruism and hopes of being the best nurse they can be.
Most nurses examine individuals.
Most nurses expose to chemicals.
Most nurses find patients.
Most nurses find that ample pockets in their uniforms are helpful.
Most nurses find the destruction of life the very opposite of what they believe.
Most nurses follow guidelines.
Most nurses get flu.
Most nurses go to communities.
Most nurses have career opportunity.
Most nurses have fulltime work and overtime.
Most nurses have many career opportunity.
Most nurses have many opportunity.
Most nurses have opportunity.
Most nurses have values.
Most nurses hear stories.
Most nurses help patients.
Most nurses increase resistance.
Most nurses instinctively know that health encompasses more than purely physical qualities.
Most nurses know health.
Most nurses know indicators.
Most nurses like to have as broad a base of skills as possible.
Most nurses maintain care facilities.
Most nurses maintain facilities.
Most nurses make effort.
Most nurses observe hands.
Most nurses observe neck veins.
Most nurses observe veins.
Most nurses provide care.
Most nurses provide counsel.
Most nurses provide details.
Most nurses provide nutrition counsel.
Most nurses provide tests.
Most nurses pursue education.
Most nurses read instruction.
Most nurses recognize incidents.
Most nurses recognize symptoms.
Most nurses say the most important aspect is their connection with people.
Most nurses say they willingly stay late to handle emergencies.
Most nurses see babies.
Most nurses see birds.
Most nurses specialise after becoming registered.
Most nurses take care.
Most nurses teach patients.
Most nurses use advance technology.
Most nurses use technology.
Most nurses wear gloves.
Most nurses work every other weekend.
Most nurses work for an agency, but some nurses work independently and are self-employed.
Most nurses work for years.
Most nurses work in centers.
Most nurses work in positions.
Most nurses work in well-lighted, comfortable health care facilities.
Most nurses work in well-lighted, comfortable medical facilities.
Most nurses work overtime to increase their salary.
Most nurses work with a specialty physician and are very knowledgeable in that specialty.
Most nurses work with families.
Some nurse orgy action for ya over here.
Some nurses act as expert witnesses.
Some nurses act as witnesses.
Some nurses are cross-trained so they can fill in as temporary staff in another unit.
Some nurses are very angry and calling for a strike.
Some nurses ask bridesmaids.
Some nurses assess communication patterns.
Some nurses assess patterns.
Some nurses assist in the offices of doctors and dentists.
Some nurses care for women.
Some nurses choose community nursing and caring for well people as their career path.
Some nurses choose to focus on a particular specialty.
Some nurses come from mothers.
Some nurses concentrate in a specialized field, such as surgery.
Some nurses concentrate on a specialized field, such as surgery.
Some nurses consider it a weakness to show emotion or to even let on that they care.
Some nurses continue education.
Some nurses declare death.
Some nurses determine goals.
Some nurses educate patients.
Some nurses encourage women.
Some nurses even give health counseling on nutrition, chronic illness, and disease prevention.
Some nurses explain to mothers.
Some nurses feel so emotionally devastated by an error that they become physically sick.
Some nurses feel that giving the gift packs constitutes an endorsement of the use of formula.
Some nurses find fields.
Some nurses find mysteries.
Some nurses find notes.
Some nurses focus on women.
Some nurses follow the traditional role of working in a hospital setting.
Some nurses gently pat or tap the area over the vein.
Some nurses give details.
Some nurses give water.
Some nurses go on to earn master's and doctoral degrees in rehabilitation nursing.
Some nurses have bees.
Some nurses have conditions.
Some nurses have medical conditions.
Some nurses have serious conditions.
Some nurses have serious medical conditions.
Some nurses have to decide how to ration care.
Some nurses help infants.
Some nurses hike in the mountains, go on retreats, make dollhouses or quilts.
Some nurses insert a licensing section.
Some nurses move into the business side of health care.
Some nurses move into the business side of healthcare.
Some nurses observe tents.
Some nurses oversee nurses.
Some nurses oversee practical nurses.
Some nurses participate as investigators in organized research using animal or human subjects.
Some nurses prefer to work with patients in a particular age group such as children or older adults.
Some nurses provide types.
Some nurses publish books.
Some nurses pursue graduate study as a nurse practitioner, nurse educator or nurse researcher.
Some nurses pursue graduate training after working in the field for several years.
Some nurses recommend rubbing the area with ice to numb it slightly before inserting the needle.
Some nurses refer to the goal of nursing action as movement on the health-illness continuum.
Some nurses remove catheters.
Some nurses report that they receive the same pay no matter what nursing degree they have.
Some nurses see summaries.
Some nurses seem to think the warmer the baby is kept the better.
Some nurses send samples.
Some nurses specialize in types.
Some nurses take babies.
Some nurses take places.
Some nurses train and work to help during surgery .
Some nurses train and work to help during surgery.
Some nurses travel to famine, earthquake and war-stricken areas as relief workers.
Some nurses use blood pressure cuffs.
Some nurses use cuffs.
Some nurses use papaya.
Some nurses use volunteer positions as a way to gain clinical experience in a new area.
Some nurses work as consultants.
Some nurses work as legal consultants.
Some nurses work as legal nurse consultants.
Some nurses work as nurse consultants.
Some nurses work with children.
Some nurses write prescriptions.
Nursery pigs benefit from balance diets.
Nursery pigs benefit from diets.
Nursery rhyme is a story
Nursery rhyme is narrative.
Nursery rhymes are excellent.
Nursery rhymes are fun for all ages, but especially for little ones.
Nursery rhymes are surely as nonsensical as babbling.
Nursery rhymes can be a child's introduction to reading.
Nursery rhymes come to life in animated and real life scenes.
Nursery rhymes demonstrate the variation in words that sound nearly alike.
Nursery rhymes enhance the ability to learn and read.
Nursery rhymes have wonderful rhythm.
Nursery Rhymes Sing along with some of the nursery rhymes from the show.
Nursery rhymes swim through wild seas across generations of parents and children.
All nursery rhymes have to be rewritten.
A nursery school is preschool
Nursery school opens as part of the home-economics program.
Nursery schools are also available.
Nursery schools are generally experiences in socialization and play.
Nursery schools are preschool.
Nursery schools encourage children.
Nursery schools know that small children thrive on a routine.
Most nursery schools encourage children.
Some nursery schools offer summer programs and extended hours.
Nursery tree effects iii.
Nursery trees are usually high quality and a good deal, but they are expensive.
A nursery is a bedroom
Nurseries also are prime angling areas for sportsfishers.
Nurseries also can experience damage from caterpillars, cutworms, slugs, snails and rodents.
Nurseries also offer a large selection of sizes and species.
Nurseries are able to give advice regarding seedling establishment.
Nurseries are also eligible for economic injury caused by drought conditions.
Nurseries are eager to clear their shelves of bulbs.
Nurseries are full of plants in bloom.
Nurseries are glad to see fall weather, too, especially after two summers of drought.
Nurseries are increasingly aware of the effect effluent can have on the environment.
Nurseries are know for their professional people and quality products.
Nurseries are now careful to maintain the mycorrhizae populations in the nursery beds.
Nurseries are rooms.
Nurseries can advise on suitable blue gum provenances for particular sites and purposes.
Nurseries can also advise on suitable species for a given location and purpose.
Nurseries can be an area of concern because of the use of fertilisers and other chemicals.
Nurseries can be both clean and healthy, with the right preparation.
Nurseries can help speed up natural forest regeneration.
Nurseries can help with plant choice and care.
Nurseries carry several varieties.
Nurseries Find exotic plant seeds and hard to find trees.
Nurseries find it cheaper to supply seedlings in containers other than seed trays.
Nurseries find new value in composted products.
Nurseries gain credibility by being part of a regulated industry.
Nurseries growing seedlings or small nurseries usually harvest entire beds or rows at the same time.
Nurseries handle perennials, annuals and a few even sell cut flowers.
Nurseries have (part) bases.
Nurseries have (part) beds.
Nurseries have (part) ceilings.
Nurseries have (part) doorways.
Nurseries have (part) floors.
Nurseries have (part) mattresses.
Nurseries have (part) room light.
Nurseries have (part) sections.
Nurseries have (part) walls.
Nurseries have mobiles, now here's a mobile nursery.
Nurseries have mulch material if no other source is available.
Nurseries have multiple options for managing runoff of water and nutrients.
Nurseries have plants.
Nurseries have to keep a whole block of 'stock' plants that are to be used for nothing but layering.
Nurseries heel in bare-root berries, trees, and shrubs.
Nurseries Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Nurseries invest a lot of time and resources in developing a new plant.
Nurseries leads a session of the propagation school.
Nurseries now stock a range of many more species, especially exciting small plants.
Nurseries peddle natural scent repellents like coyote or fox urine.
Nurseries play an important role in environmental conservation and protection.
Nurseries provide care for children under five years old.
Nurseries Provide full and session care for children under the age of five.
Nurseries seem to ignore the roots.
Nurseries sell cycads.
Nurseries sell seedlings.
Nurseries thrive on annuals.
Nurseries use compost for enhancing plant and forest seedling crops in reforestation projects.
Nurseries use it as an additive to potting soil.
Nurseries use the budwood to grow new citrus trees for farmers.
Nurseries work together as colleagues more than competitors.
Nursery grown plants available to landscape contractors are often deficient in mycorrhizae.
Nursery is always available at all worship services.
Nursery is always available.
Nursery isa bedroom.
Nursery use only if damage to stock is evident.
Nurseries always seem to be awash in vivid colors with lush and lovely plants and flowers.
Nurseries always seem to be awash in vivid colors, with lush and lovely plants and flowers.
Nurseries often offer plant sales during the fall.
Nurseries often put bulbs on display in late summer, several weeks before it's time to plant.
Nurseries often put their bulbs on display several weeks before it's time to plant.
Nurseries often sell oleanders by color rather than by name.
Nurseries often use a systemic spray on trees and bushes.
Nurseries usually sell in-house mixes that are cheap and high quality.
Nurseries usually welcome anyone interested in their operation.
All nurseries have a different product mix, cost, productivity, market, etc.
All nurseries have to employ both qualified and unqualified staff.
Every nursery has a specialty or tries to carry something a little different.
Every nursery needs a well-stocked library.
Many nurseries also have bulk bulbs for sale.
Many nurseries are family businesses run by hard working and flexible individuals.
Many nurseries are handling Muhly grass now, so look for it.
Many nurseries begin to get in vegetable transplants for fall gardens later in the summer.
Many nurseries carry containerized stock and offer bargain prices at other times of the year.
Many nurseries carry exotic strains of common species, introduced species, or hybrid varieties.
Many nurseries carry rock garden plants.
Many nurseries carry such products.
Many nurseries deliver trees and shrubs with bare roots, though some arrive in containers.
Many nurseries have concrete statues for sale.
Many nurseries monitor preemie infants in car seats before discharge.
Many nurseries now have a great supply of perennials to brighten the summer garden.
Many nurseries now offer a selection of bonsai plants for purchase.
Many nurseries provide disease resistant information for their cultivars.
Many nurseries screen babies for hearing.
Many nurseries sell blooming shrub roses in containers, just like any other landscape plant.
Many nurseries sell several beautiful varieties of milkweed.
Many nurseries sell young pruned plants on supports already established for certain growth patterns.
Many nurseries specialize in selling native species appropriate for such areas.
Many nurseries stock the hardier native plants, such as coastal akia, 'ohi'a saplings, 'ilima, etc.
Many nurseries use reclaimed water to quench the thirst of plants, shrubs and trees.
Many nurseries use reclaimed water to satisfy the needs of thirsty plants, shrubs and trees.
Most nurseries also have waiting lists.
Most nurseries also provide valuable services.
Most nurseries are open all year round except for public holidays.
Most nurseries carry a limited variety of scented geraniums.
Most nurseries carry potting soil designed for container plants.
Most nurseries carry some native plants.
Most nurseries carry sweet basil plants and seeds of summer savory well into the season.
Most nurseries carry transplants in spring and summer.
Most nurseries encourage the mothers to pump their breasts while their baby is in the hospital.
Most nurseries factor in a level of discard plants.
Most nurseries grow ball and burlap and bare-root plants in sandy to loamy soil.
Most nurseries have a good selection right now.
Most nurseries have it in plastic bags.
Most nurseries have plants.
Most nurseries here lean toward the sun-loving and tropical plants.
Most nurseries offer lilacs in ball and burlap forms or other size containers.
Most nurseries produce high-quality trees.
Most nurseries realize that the best advertisement for their product is a satisfied customer.
Most nurseries sell certified, virus-free cherry trees.
Most nurseries sell cycads.
Most nurseries sell hardwoods and shrubs as bareroot seedlings.
Most nurseries sell seedlings.
Most nurseries use greater distances.
Some nurseries allow cuttings to root into the soil beneath the rooting medium.
Some nurseries also carry the tubers.
Some nurseries also sell seedling trees.
Some nurseries close early every so often for staff support and training.
Some nurseries cull seedlings of lower quality before shipping.
Some nurseries encourage mothers to pump their breasts so breast milk is available for their babies.
Some nurseries even sell it.
Some nurseries even sell special rhododendron and azalea fertilizer.
Some nurseries have soil-test kits available that can indicate certain specific problems.
Some nurseries have strips of copper all around their nursery or specific greenhouses.
Some nurseries have tips.
Some nurseries join others to combine marketing, billing, shipping, and retailing.
Some nurseries offer opportunity.
Some nurseries offer papaya plants and the first step is to choose a healthy nursery tree.
Some nurseries offer residential landscape design services.
Some nurseries offer virus-test plants that are tested for specific virus diseases.
Some nurseries only take children aged two years and over.
Some nurseries periodically keep the lighting at a lower level, especially at night.
Some nurseries place a wood chip mulch over the beds to keep the soil and seed from washing away.
Some nurseries sell apple trees.
Some nurseries sell bluebells.
Some nurseries sell mulch by the truckload.
Some nurseries sell native bluebells.
Some nurseries sell potting mixes specifically formulated for African violets.
Some nurseries sell prefabricated wire baskets for use in planting holes.
Some nurseries sell soil testing kits.
Some nurseries sell trees.
Some nurseries specialise in native plants and can provide a wide range to choose from.
Some nurseries still grow ornamentals locally and often charge extra for their acclimated product.
Some nurseries stock native plants.
Some nurseries store water in two separate pond systems, each used for a particular container area.
Some nurseries supply banana plants as container grown suckers.
Some nurseries take much better care of the young plants than others do.
Some nurseries wax their roses to prevent the canes from drying out.
A nurseryman is a plantsman
Nurseryman probably buy more plants than any other group of people in the country.
Nurserymen are innovative people.
Nurserymen begin pruning when the plants are small to create a compact, branching growth habit.
Nurserymen begin the process of propagating a new citrus tree by planting a seed for the rootstock.
Nurserymen fret about the threat to their livelihood.
Nurserymen rely mostly on budding and some grafting for vegetative propagation.
Nurserymen use cuttings and grafts to increase named varieties.
Most nurserymen agree that zone designations for plants are approximate .
All nurses aides hold current certificates and are licensed by the State of California.
Nursing aides are aides.
Nursing assistants act as co-workers for up to five patients each.
Nursing assistants are front-line patient care providers in many settings.
Nursing assistants assist with cares in all areas.
Nursing assistants care for patients in hospitals and residential care facilities.
Nursing assistants get new weapon to fight malnutrition.
Nursing assistants handle the daily chores of helping residents bathe, dress, eat and exercise.
Nursing assistants help bathe and dress patients.
Nursing assistants help patients with activities of daily living like eating and bathing.
Nursing assistants provide basic care and help with activities of daily living.
Nursing assistants wear a smock over the polo.
Nursing assistants work in hospitals, nursing homes, and home health agencies.
Most nursing bras have the extra support built in whether softcup or underwire.
Some nursing bras unhook from the strap and others unsnap between the cups.
Nursing care appears to have taken a back seat to the bottom-line interests of many providers.
Nursing care has a narrower definition, although it does include some personal care.
Nursing care is ained at airway maintenance and prevention of complications.
Nursing care is an essential component of any cardiac care program.
Nursing care is at the highest level.
Nursing care is available.
Nursing care is based upon respect for the dignity and worth of every individual.
Nursing care is comprehensive, innovative, flexible, readily available, and cost-effective.
Nursing care is costly.
Nursing care is evaluated in the context of adherence to standards of professional performance.
Nursing care is implemented through utilization of the nursing process.
Nursing care is medical aid
Nursing care is medical care.
Nursing care is performed with moderate supervision from higher level nursing personnel.
Nursing care is planned for children based on age, medical condition and individual needs.
Nursing care is poor and drugs have to be bought in the bazaar by patients.
Nursing care is provided across the health continuum.
Nursing care is provided for both post operative and medical patients.
Nursing care is provided in partnership with the person receiving care.
Nursing care is provided within a complex health care system.
Nursing care is related to the underlying disease.
Nursing care is rendered by seven nurses.
Nursing care is simplified particularly in the older patients.
Nursing care is supervised by a registered nurse.
Nursing care starts before surgery is performed, during surgery and continues after surgery.
Nursing degrees vary widely in terms of time and effort.
All nursing degrees are welcome here.
Nursing diagnoses are concerned with the pattern of human response.
Nursing diagnosis is stressed, based on assessment of health patterns.
Nursing education consists of basic preparation and continuing education.
Nursing education continues to grow through on-site instruction and via interactive video.
Nursing education draws from a multitude of disciplines.
Nursing education incorporates both the science and the art of nursing.
Nursing education integrates concepts from liberal arts and sciences.
Nursing education is a balance of the humanities, sciences, and ethical principles.
Nursing education is a purposeful activity inclusive of teaching and learning.
Nursing education is a twenty four hour a day process.
Nursing education is another option for older RNs willing to hit the books.
Nursing education is based on theory, research, and practice in nursing and other disciplines.
Nursing education is focused in Lubbock and Odessa.
Nursing education is innovative, accessible, and reflective of society's diversity.
Nursing education needs to include delegation in basic education and continuing education.
Nursing education occurs in a variety of models.
Nursing education offers little insight in dealing with nurses with addictions.
Nursing education seeks to assist the learner to formulate, assimilate and apply nursing knowledge.
Nursing education takes place in associate, baccalaureate, and graduate programs.
Nursing facilities are absolutely crucial, Fr.
Nursing facilities are the major providers of long-term care services in Virginia.
Nursing facilities can be private, public, profit, or non-profit.
Nursing facilities can seek help if they are having cash flow problems.
Nursing facilities continue to use restraints for two reasons.
Nursing facilities have an unpleasant odor.
Nursing facilities provide common areas for residents to socialize.
Nursing facilities provide skilled nursing, rehabilitative, and health-related services.
Nursing facilities vary greatly in quality of care given.
Many nursing facilities offer subacute, respite, and other short-term needs.
A nursing home is an institution
Nursing homes account for the greatest share of public and private spending on long-term care.
Nursing homes aim to keep all beds full.
Nursing homes are a critical component of community care.
Nursing homes are a storehouse of oral historians.
Nursing homes are a wide-open mission field in our backyard.
Nursing homes are also unaware of their educational composition.
Nursing homes are an inhumane solution to personal care needs.
Nursing homes are another alternative.
Nursing homes are another touchy area.
Nursing homes are available.
Nursing homes are capable of caring for individuals with a wide range of medical conditions.
Nursing homes are cash cows for their corporate owners.
Nursing homes are classic.
Nursing homes are currently the focus of intense governmental supervision and regulation.
Nursing homes are expensive.
Nursing homes are frequently a patient's destination for rehabilitation following surgery.
Nursing homes are having write their budgets with lower and lower expectations for patient numbers.
Nursing homes are medical institutions.
Nursing homes are more expensive than that.
Nursing homes are often reluctant to call doctors until symptoms become serious.
Nursing homes are one area that especially benefit from volunteer interactions.
Nursing homes are one of the nation's most heavily regulated industries.
Nursing homes are residential facilities and are apartments under the common dictionary definition.
Nursing homes are scary enough without the additional prospect of malnutrition.
Nursing homes are special homes for their residents.
Nursing homes are there for people with chronic or terminal illnesses.
Nursing homes are to be encouraged to develop and promote new models of care.
Nursing homes are unable to staff beds.
Nursing homes are very costly, although one's chances of going to a nursing home are fairly low.
Nursing homes are within driving distance.
Nursing homes are.
Nursing homes audits for abuses of the elderly by staff.
Nursing homes blame underfunded government programs and litigation for the problems.
Nursing Homes Bring back the lost summer days of youth once again with a room full of butterflies.
Nursing homes can always use large print materials in good condition.
Nursing homes can be a resource for teaching dermatology.
Nursing homes can be competitors for the same potential residents.
Nursing homes can be lonely any time of year, even more so during the holidays.
Nursing homes can be very expensive.
Nursing homes can offer CNAs that pay much plus more.
Nursing homes can often be lonely places.
Nursing homes can present new obstacles of loss of privacy, respect, and dignity.
Nursing homes can sometimes have serious outbreaks of scabies.
Nursing homes can sometimes use volunteers.
Nursing homes can vary greatly.
Nursing homes charge a basic daily or monthly rate.
Nursing homes charge various rates for their services.
Nursing homes come in different sizes and different names.
Nursing homes come in different sizes and with different names.
Nursing homes cost more than home care.
Nursing homes deserve better.
Nursing Homes Find a nursing home online.
Nursing homes have a duty to use some caution in who they hire.
Nursing homes have a great impact on clients and their families, both financially and emotionally.
Nursing homes have a limited number of beds.
Nursing homes have few beds available for new patients in that situation, the lowest-paying.
Nursing homes have no choice about it.
Nursing homes have to have a doctor there who oversees the medical needs of the people.
Nursing homes have various names.
Nursing homes hire nurses to provide direct medical care to patients.
Nursing homes offer more rehab services.
Nursing homes offer the option of temporary or permanent placement.
Nursing homes play a very major role in the lives of families with aged, and infirmed parents.
Nursing homes provide a wonderful service.
Nursing homes provide an important location for educational activities.
Nursing homes provide an important service to patients who require professional care.
Nursing homes provide both short and long term nursing and rehabilitative care.
Nursing homes provide comprehensive care to individuals, including daily nursing care.
Nursing homes provide daily nursing care but little or no training.
Nursing homes provide different levels of care, including skilled, intermediate, and custodial care.
Nursing homes provide different levels of care.
Nursing homes provide medical care as a primary service.
Nursing homes provide more intensive care.
Nursing homes provide skilled nursing care.
Nursing homes provide skilled nursing services and chronic custodial care.
Nursing homes receive the greatest share of the reimbursement.
Nursing homes report a lower stress level in nursing home staff as well.
Nursing homes say they face a crisis.
Nursing homes suffer from interrelated problems that defy any one remedy.
Nursing homes take disabled people who are neither elderly or dying.
Nursing homes tell people they have to transfer from the bed to a chair before they can leave.
Nursing homes top the list.
Nursing homes use consultants to provide much of their dietetic supervision.
Nursing homes vary in the services they provide, the quality of care, and their costs.
All nursing homes are different.
All nursing homes have physicians that attend patients within their facility.
All nursing homes meet the needs of residents who require minimal nursing services.
All nursing homes monitor internal quality assurance standards.
Any nursing home can serve plain food.
Every nursing home has an independent ombudsman assigned to it.
Every nursing home is required to post the name and telephone number of local ombudsman.
Many nursing homes are poorly staffed and unable to meet the emotional needs of our seniors.
Many nursing homes have waiting lists for admission.
Most nursing home stays, if they occur at all, are relatively short.
Most nursing homes have beds at the intermediate level.
Most nursing homes have long waiting lists.
Most nursing homes have minimal restrictions.
Most nursing homes have special dementia care units.
Most nursing homes offer a training class for certification to which is state regulated.
Most nursing homes offer twenty-four hour professional nursing care, supervision, and security.
Most nursing homes provide top-notch quality of care.
Some nursing homes appear to be repeatedly deficient.
Some nursing homes have a better reputation than others.
Some nursing homes have individual telephones while others have none.
Some nursing homes have respite care programs.
Some nursing homes offer overnight or week long respite services.
Some nursing homes offer respite care.
Some nursing homes offer specialized services for people with memory impairment and dementia.
Some nursing homes offer the training as do some vocational schools and community colleges.
Some nursing homes provide adult day care services.
Some nursing homes segment their rates according to the kind of care a person requires.
Nursing informatics is a component of health informatics.
Nursing informatics uses a theoretical foundation.
Nursing journals tend to have call numbers in the R's and are located behind the elevator bank.
Many nursing journals contain a schedule of offerings.
Nursing literature abstracts database.
Nursing literature does support the use of gentle massage.
Nursing literature draws a similar conclusion.
Nursing literature is full of such studies.
Nursing management approaches address optimal health and health care resources.
Nursing models are client-centered.
Nursing mother s, for instance, build up thick stores of blubber before giving birth.
Nursing mothers are always welcome.
Nursing mothers are extemely creative.
Nursing mothers are welcome by arrangement with the lead teacher.
Nursing mothers are welcome.
Nursing mothers can also pass it along through their breast milk.
Nursing mothers can eat basil to promote production of breast milk.
Nursing mothers can go there to nurse their babies in quiet, cool rooms with soft rocking chairs.
Nursing mothers can pass on cocaine to their babies through breast milk.
Nursing mothers come here today to smear their breasts with the milky water.
Nursing mothers conserve their own body fluids by producing a thick milk, rich in fats.
Nursing mothers donate extra milk, which is then frozen until it is needed.
Nursing mothers form groups, and take care of other cubs as well in their mother's absence.
Nursing mothers have live-in quarters.
Nursing mothers note that hyoscyamine is excreted in breast milk.
Nursing mothers pass nicotine to the infant in their milk.
Nursing mothers risk passing toxins on to their infant.
Many nursing mothers are unsure of how much milk their babies are actually getting.
Many nursing mothers supplement breastfeeding with bottlefeeding.
Many nursing mothers wear the crossover instead of a nursing bra.
Most nursing mothers have sore nipples at some point, particularly at first.
Some nursing mothers find that wearing two sport bras at the same time offers better support.
Nursing pads come in both washable, reusable versions and disposables.
Nursing practice consists of four essential processes - thinking, relating, managing and respecting.
Nursing practice focuses on health promotion and disease prevention of clients across the life-span.
Nursing practice is a key element of the course.
Nursing practice is an element of the health care delivery system.
Nursing practice is approached from an interdisciplinary perspective.
Nursing practice is assessed as a source for conducting research and generating nursing theory.
Nursing practice is based on theoretical and scientific knowledge and aims to promote health.
Nursing practice is dependent and requires faculty guidance.
Nursing practice is guided by scientific knowledge, standards of care and a code of ethics.
Nursing practice is increasingly data driven.
Nursing practice is influenced by setting, specialty, and social and technological advances.
Nursing practice is performed autonomously and collaboratively within the health-care system.
Nursing practice is targeted toward maximal attainment of self management.
Nursing practice is the actual provision of nursing care.
Nursing practice is the focal point of the relationship between practice, theory, and research.
Nursing practice manifests a unique understanding of the person from a disciplinary perspective.
Nursing practice needs to be research based.
Nursing practice occurs in a variety of settings where the nursing and client systems interact.
Nursing practice occurs within a socio-political environment.
Nursing practice starts in the middle of the third year.
Nursing practice uses knowledge, both theory and research based, to guide care and promote change.
Nursing process focuses on individualized care planning and evaluation.
Nursing process guides the delivery of psychotherapeutic, pharmacologic and milieu therapies.
Nursing process is applied to meet basic human needs of individual patients.
Nursing process is dynamic problem solving.
Nursing process is introduced with an emphasis upon assessing the basic human needs of patients.
Nursing process is the systematic model utilized for problem-solving.
Nursing process is used as a framework for organizing and communicating assessment data.
Nursing process is used as the framework for delivering nursing care.
Nursing process is used to identify priorities for care of patients receiving specific medications.
Nursing research can make significant contributions to evolvingpattern of health care delivery.
Nursing research contributes significantly to wellness and health outcomes .
Nursing research expands theoretical views.
Nursing research focuses on the patient in the pursuit of answers.
Nursing research helps two countries.
Nursing research is an integral part of the effectiveness of nursing care.
Nursing research is one area in particular that has begun to flourish.
Nursing research is still a relatively new venture.
Nursing research is stressed throughout the programs as the means for developing new knowledge.
Nursing research is the careful and systematic investigation of a problem in the field of nursing.
Nursing research is unique because it aims to improve the quality of life of the total patient.
Nursing research makes a vital contribution to improving the nation's health.
Nursing research supports a link between continuing education and improved patient outcomes.
A nursing school is a school
Nursing schools are schools.
Nursing schools focus on boosting enrollment.
Nursing schools prefer applicants who have taken the grade option.
Most nursing schools are very competitive.
Most nursing schools teach charting in terms of good medical practice.
Some nursing schools admit five freshmen for every clinical nursing seat.
Some nursing schools require a letter or letters of recommendation.
Nursing science is an organized body of knowledge derived from research and scientific methods.
Nursing shortage hits UK .
Nursing shortage hurts Nevada.
Nursing shortages are common in areas with large elderly populations.
Nursing shortages are nothing new.
Nursing skills continue to be learned in the nursing lab.
Nursing specialties offer higher pay and have the added cachet of being more prestigious.
Nursing staff add their viewpoints on the latter subject.
Nursing staff are among the designer's most demanding clients, in their use of conditioned space.
Nursing staff are on duty at all times to plan and provide for care.
Nursing staff are on hand to assist as needed.
Nursing staff are the caregivers who work with physicians and other health professionals.
Nursing staff coordinate the clinic with clerical help.
Nursing staff deliver their goods by gurney.
Nursing staff is also available to provide individualized patient education.
Nursing staff is available during office hours to answer medical questions.
Nursing staff is hard to retain when support is poor.
Nursing staff is just great and always smiling and pleasant.
Nursing staff is on duty during regular school hours.
Nursing staff perform a number of specialized tests.
Nursing staff provides education that supports the mother's breastfeeding efforts.
Nursing staff provides information about various communicable diseases.
Nursing staffs are too thin.
All nursing staff are RNs most with certification as hospice nurses.
All nursing staff have intermediate-level training in interpretation of cardiac arrhythmia's.
Nursing stations are crowded and congested due to inadequate size.
Nursing stations are small, decentralized pods located closer to patients.
Nursing student desires child care job, excel refs avail.
Nursing students apply for the program in the spring semester of their junior year.
Nursing students are able to choose the remaining six credits from the Course Distribution List.
Nursing students are at local hospitals and clinics.
Nursing students are central to teaching-learning process.
Nursing students are increasingly interested in obtaining advanced degrees.
Nursing students are responsible for the regular university fees.
Nursing students are responsible for their own transportation to clinical sites.
Nursing students are very welcome and encouraged to attend.
Nursing students are welcome to apply.
Nursing students attend a separate seven-week training.
Nursing students attend ceremonies in Spokane.
Nursing students become part of that milieu, be it inpatient or outpatient.
Nursing students begin classes only in the fall.
Nursing students can apply for a bursary regardless of funding.
Nursing students can apply for the scholarships available.
Nursing students can make a real difference in the struggle to end gun violence.
Nursing students can participate in a number of diverse activities.
Nursing students can set up a mailbox and receive information that matches their qualifications.
Nursing students can take only the first three years of the nursing program in Bloomington.
Nursing students come from seventeen states and six countries.
Nursing students comprise more than half of all health professions students .
Nursing students conduct the clinics under the supervision of certified nurse practitioners.
Nursing students earn the Bachelor of Science with a major in Nursing.
Nursing students endure some of the toughest graduate and undergraduate programs in the world.
Nursing students enhance critical thinking skills while critiquing current nursing research.
Nursing students have opportunities to participate in several discipline specific organizations.
Nursing students have six full semesters of supervised clinical practice.
Nursing students have the opportunity for overseas study in England if they choose.
Nursing students learn with all the other future members of the health care team.
Nursing students make up over half of all health care profession students.
Nursing students participate in campus activities and organizations.
Nursing students participate in the health care screening and follow-up aspects of the program.
Nursing students pay directly for uniforms, pins, etc.
Nursing students practice on mannequins.
Nursing students provide home health care to elderly or disabled.
Nursing students provide home health care to the elderly or disabled.
Nursing students provide medical attention to grandparents who raise their grandchildren.
Nursing students rank high in autonomy at the exit level.
Nursing students receive academic advising by nursing faculty.
Nursing students represent a diverse population with regard to gender, age, and ethnic origin.
Nursing students say that nursing school is a full-time job.
Nursing students see first hand how health care beliefs and practices are interwoven with culture.
Nursing students share their opinions and experiences.
Nursing students staff a health promotion center that also assists the poor.
Nursing students study with faculty who represent a variety of clinical and research expertise.
Nursing students take skills, faith to Brazil.
Nursing students take two courses during the first year.
Nursing students use the facility as a training ground.
Nursing students welcome.
All nursing students are welcome and encouraged to attend.
All nursing students are welcome.
All nursing students complete a two semester Nursing Internship in their senior year.
Any nursing student is eligible for membership.
Any nursing student is welcome to the monthly meetings.
Any nursing student is welcomed.
Most Nursing students attribute their high grades to stiff competition and course structure.
Most nursing students pay for their own education and many hold down jobs while they study.
Most nursing studies deal with the real world.
Nursing theories provide a framework for thought in which to examine situations.
Nursing theories provide the framework for discussion of professional practice.
Nursing theory develops through a study of the historical evolution of the profession.
Nursing theory is correlated with clinical practice in a variety of health care settings.
Nursing theory is correlated with clinical practice in community settings.
Nursing theory is correlated with clinical practice.
Nursing theory is taught in the classroom, and skills are taught and practiced in labs.
Nursing theory is the basis for designing a plan of care.
Nursing theory is the vehicle used to operationalize a disciplinary perspective.
Some nursing theories have easier application in more specific settings.
Nursing time corresponds to the ocean tide cycles, and usually occurs at low tide.
All nursing units are responsible for care and maintenance of their pagers.
Nursing aims to create and co-ordinate an environment which enhances the quality of life.
Nursing allows both the child and mother to take some time-out to regroup and reconnect.
Nursing already has standards in place.
Nursing also has to address the changing demographics of the pool of future nurses.
Nursing also plays an important role for the mother.
Nursing also provides a great opportunity for bonding between mother and child.
Nursing also provides a sense of closeness between mother and baby.
Nursing also requires a practicum.
Nursing also requires tremendous skill in filling water pitchers and adjusting bedside televisions.
Nursing also triggers release of hormones which increase feelings of closeness to the baby.
Nursing also wreaks havoc with arranging childcare.
Nursing assigns a unique identifier to every drug administration.
Nursing becomes less frequent until they are weaned at about four months.
Nursing bitches two or three times as much food.
Nursing brings knowledge, values, philosophy, commitment and action.
Nursing can also be a very stressful career, especially as health care changes.
Nursing can assist the dietitian in determining intake by obtaining calorie counts.
Nursing can attract the best and the brightest.
Nursing can be a great benefit to certain feminist issues.
Nursing can be a rewarding and satisfying profession.
Nursing can be a very stressful profession.
Nursing can be brutal, exhausting, and scary.
Nursing can be many careers in one.
Nursing can be physically and emotionally stressful.
Nursing can become a crutch.
Nursing can continue.
Nursing Come and explore the world of nursing in our learning lab.
Nursing comes of age.
Nursing comprises the single largest profession in healthcare.
Nursing continues for eight weeks.
Nursing continues to be a job seekers market.
Nursing continues until four months of age.
Nursing continues up to six months of age.
Nursing creates a special relationship between nurse and client, with special duties for the nurse.
Nursing defines front-line leadership and commitment in the field of health care.
Nursing delivers a banquet of powerful, beneficial substances to growing babies.
Nursing demands a full commitment.
Nursing demands a high level of integrity, ethical behavior, and emotional stability.
Nursing develops meaning in nursing situations in a variety of health care environments.
Nursing Develops ongoing educational programs to assure the competency of all hospital staff.
Nursing Discreetly Mothers with large breasts also have difficulty learning to nurse discreetly.
Nursing does offer a valuable and challenging career.
Nursing emphasizes ongoing care, preventive care, education and healthy behavior.
Nursing exemplifies the art of caring.
Nursing focuses on the client system across the lifespan.
Nursing has a long history of assistance to the ill and vulnerable.
Nursing has a major role in assuring that changing health needs of men and women are met.
Nursing has a moral obligation to promote wise use of the public's money.
Nursing has a more restrictive five year limit.
Nursing Has a search facility.
Nursing has a theoretical base selected from other sciences and nursing research.
Nursing has a wonderful mix of opportunities and the variety is almost endless.
Nursing has an annual reporting process, but a bi-annual merit review process.
Nursing has an image problem.
Nursing has an important niche in primary care medicine.
Nursing has an obligation to society to provide care that is continually researched and evaluated.
Nursing has both a theoretical and a practice component.
Nursing has career paths to suit most people.
Nursing has many plants that are taking root, and filling the scene with life.
Nursing has more individual contact with patients than any other health profession, every day.
Nursing has one opening with one person running.
Nursing has several tracks and needs to be reviewed.
Nursing has the power to transform our health care system.
Nursing has to promote the profession.
Nursing has to walk the talk.
Nursing helps contract the uterus after birth.
Nursing helps mom lose weight after baby is born.
Nursing helps with retraining in activities of daily living such as dressing and bathing.
Nursing here is really a great personal and professional experience.
Nursing involves a broad range of functions from the very simple to the highly complex.
Nursing involves all kinds of subtle perceptions.
Nursing involves caring for and about people.
Nursing involves prolonged standing, a lot of walking, some lifting, bending, stooping and reaching.
Nursing involves the care of people, sick and well.
Nursing is a busy, stressful career.
Nursing is a career measured in moments.
Nursing is a career open to men and women with varius aims, interests and capabilities.
Nursing is a caring profession that is an integral component of the health care delivery system.
Nursing is a caring profession that makes a significant contribution to the health of our nation.
Nursing is a caring profession, oriented toward client advocacy.
Nursing is a caring, humanistic, learned, and scientific profession.
Nursing is a challenging and rewarding field where opportunities abound.
Nursing is a cognitive discipline first, and a practice discipline second.
Nursing is a college that requires full-time status.
Nursing is a complex activity requiring many decisions and actions on the part of the nurse.
Nursing is a constantly changing environment.
Nursing is a continually evolving health profession practiced in a changing society.
Nursing is a continually growing field which offers diverse opportunities and challenges.
Nursing is a demanding and challenging, profession.
Nursing is a difficult job.
Nursing is a difficult service profession that exacts a high emotional and physical toll.
Nursing is a discipline characterized by caring and knowledge.
Nursing is a discipline sanctioned by society that is responsive to societal needs.
Nursing is a diverse, rewarding profession that offers many choices.
Nursing is a door to the world.
Nursing is a dynamic profession impacting on stressors and forces within the environment.
Nursing is a dynamic profession, which means there are always new and exciting concepts to learn.
Nursing is a dynamic profession.
Nursing is a fascinating historical topic even without added fanfare.
Nursing is a great career for flexibility, mobility, and variety.
Nursing is a great career, and now is a great time to become a nurse.
Nursing is a great field to work in - it's hard work without a doubt.
Nursing is a great profession.
Nursing is a helping profession.
Nursing is a high calling, but there is a nursing shortage.
Nursing is a highly respected profession all over the world.
Nursing is a learned discipline whose perspective is the person-environment health process.
Nursing is a lifelong active goal.
Nursing is a lifelong educational process.
Nursing is a partnership.
Nursing is a people-oriented profession that encompasses the individual, family and community.
Nursing is a personally rewarding career.
Nursing is a powerful profession for the health of our nation and the health of our world.
Nursing is a practice discipline utilizing nursing theory and research.
Nursing is a practice discipline which includes both didactic and clinical preparation.
Nursing is a practice discipline.
Nursing is a practice profession with a defined body of knowledge and goals.
Nursing is a profession concerned with the total health care of the individual and the family.
Nursing is a profession that continues to evolve through research, theory, and practice.
Nursing is a profession that exists in response to societal health needs.
Nursing is a profession which has evolved tremendously in the past century.
Nursing is a profession which is fairly cyclical.
Nursing is a professional discipline that requires a commitment to humanity.
Nursing is a regulated profession.
Nursing is a relational discipline.
Nursing is a relatively young science and there is tremendous opportunity for original research.
Nursing is a rewarding and challenging career with an optimistic employment future.
Nursing is a rewarding and highly respected career.
Nursing is a rewarding and satisfying career.
Nursing is a rewarding career for both men and women.
Nursing is a rewarding career, rich with human interaction and drama.
Nursing is a rewarding health care career that provides flexible work options.
Nursing is a science that requires in-depth knowledge, skills, and understanding.
Nursing is a scientific discipline with academic and practice components.
Nursing is a scientific profession with a comprehensive vision.
Nursing is a separate science which has developed as a result of many years of scientific research.
Nursing is a significant, therapeutic, inerpersonal process.
Nursing is a special time of physical, emotional, and spiritual closeness between mother and child.
Nursing is a stimulus to the breast to produce milk for the next feeding.
Nursing is a team sport , and great nurses work well together.
Nursing is a thought, concerts prevail.
Nursing is a true art.
Nursing is a unique and valued human service.
Nursing is a unique profession that attracts many personalities, all united by the desire to help.
Nursing is a unique, practice oriented discipline that meets a societal goal.
Nursing is a valiant profession that gets to the heart of helping others.
Nursing is a valuable component in all dimensions of health care.
Nursing is a versatile profession.
Nursing is a very important job.
Nursing is a very large field in which many job opportunities lie.
Nursing is a very mature major.
Nursing is a very satisfying career because it's about making a difference.
Nursing is about people.
Nursing is accountable and responsible to the public and to the nursing profession.
Nursing is accountable to society for ensuring that the public interest is protected and served.
Nursing is also a physically demanding profession and calls for considerable strength and stamina.
Nursing is also good for mom.
Nursing is also more than nutrition.
Nursing is also the second career of an increasing number of nursing students.
Nursing is also vital and provides the mainstay of management.
Nursing is always practical - anywhere, anytime.
Nursing is an academic discipline and a profession.
Nursing is an art and a science characterized by interpersonal and therapeutic processes.
Nursing is an art and a science.
Nursing is an art and science focused on the improvement of health and health care.
Nursing is an art and science, constantly dynamic and evolving.
Nursing is an art and science.
Nursing is an art which revolves around the patient and family in a holistic approach.
Nursing is an art, a humanistic science, and an intellectual discipline of informed caring.
Nursing is an art, a science, and a profession.
Nursing is an autonomous and collaborative profession.
Nursing is an example of such an occupation.
Nursing is an exciting and ever-changing profession.
Nursing is an exciting career that offers a world of challenges and new opportunities for growth.
Nursing is an exciting, challenging profession with an excellent employment outlook.
Nursing is an extremely competitive degree program.
Nursing is an extremely stressful occupation.
Nursing is an holistic discipline.
Nursing is an honorable calling, nothing further.
Nursing is an important part of the team.
Nursing is an important, life saving and rewarding profession.
Nursing is an increasingly dangerous profession.
Nursing is an independent as well as an interdependent helping profession.
Nursing is an integral part of the cadet battalion population.
Nursing is an integral part of the health care system.
Nursing is an interesting career and a valued health profession.
Nursing is at an exciting time in our history.
Nursing is based on human relations, and health care is more interdisciplinary.
Nursing is both a physically and emotionally strenuous career.
Nursing is both a profession and a discipline that is responsive to changing health needs.
Nursing is both a science and an art.
Nursing IS both a science and an art.
Nursing is both a science-based process and a caring art.
Nursing is both an academic and a practice oriented discipline.
Nursing is both an art and a science.
Nursing is career some doubts.
Nursing is certainly worth some early effort.
Nursing is compassionate concern for human beings.
Nursing is concerned with promoting, maintaining and restoring health.
Nursing is currently in a state of crisis.
Nursing is decentralized by service line and differentiated practice is implemented.
Nursing is definately a time for bonding.
Nursing is dynamic and multidimensional.
Nursing is examined as an emerging practice profession.
Nursing is examined from contemporary and historical perspectives.
Nursing is far more that technical proficiency, and the accomplishment of tasks.
Nursing is financially rewarding and a helping profession.
Nursing is flexible work.
Nursing is focused on the person.
Nursing is free.
Nursing is hard work.
Nursing is holistic care.
Nursing is in a well-earned position of ascendancy and recognition.
Nursing is in the early stages of adopting mobile computing at the point of care.
Nursing is included in Pharmacy because there are currently no male faculty in Nursing.
Nursing is indeed a tough profession, and it's certainly never going to get any easier.
Nursing is integral to the health care delivery system.
Nursing is intellectually, physically, and emotionally challenging.
Nursing is interdisciplinary.
Nursing is known as a high tech, high touch profession.
Nursing is life in an array of colors, textures, sounds and shapes.
Nursing is ministry.
Nursing is more cerebral than brawn.
Nursing is much the opposite.
Nursing is never a superficial, meaningless activity.
Nursing is no longer to be thought of as just a profession.
Nursing is now a school within the same college.
Nursing is obviously best for the baby and is supposed to be very relaxing for the mother.
Nursing is often physically challenging, with hours of standing and moving patients.
Nursing is one of the five occupations projected to have the largest number of new jobs.
Nursing is one of the highest and most noble callings for a woman or a man.
Nursing is one of the largest health care professions.
Nursing is one of the many joys of motherhood and the convenience can t be beat.
Nursing is one of the most honorable and selfless professions there is.
Nursing is one of the most portable professions.
Nursing is one of the most respected and rewarding occupations in the healthcare industry.
Nursing is one of the nation s fastest growing professions.
Nursing is one of the noblest professions in the world.
Nursing is one of the professions which provides health care to the public.
Nursing is our job.
Nursing is perhaps our most noble profession.
Nursing is personally and professionally rewarding.
Nursing is physically and emotionally demanding.
Nursing is physically and mentally exhausting.
Nursing is practiced in a corporate world.
Nursing is practiced independently as well as collaboratively with other health disciplines.
Nursing is practiced wherever people are, at their particular level of health.
Nursing is pretty fragmented sometimes.
Nursing is provided by nature only for the very youngest of mammals.
Nursing is quintessentially future orientated and concerned with the person in social context.
Nursing is really a good career opportunity in the traditional sense, too.
Nursing is really risky.
Nursing is really the same.
Nursing is required when patient shows self care deficit .
Nursing is required when patient shows self care deficit.
Nursing is respected more as a profession now.
Nursing is responsible and accountable for the unique service provided by nurses.
Nursing is responsible for defining nurses roles and scope of nursing practice.
Nursing is rich in scholarship, research, and political activism.
Nursing is shown as exhausting, frustrating, messy and tragic work.
Nursing is something that a mother and baby learn together.
Nursing is specialized.
Nursing is still a better choice than formula for most mothers and children.
Nursing is still the one field in health care that is very holistic.
Nursing is such a marvelous career.
Nursing is such a strange job and nurses can be mystical creatures at times.
Nursing is the art and science of informed caring.
Nursing is the diagnosis and treatment of human responses to actual or potential health problems.
Nursing is the diagnosis and treatment of responses to the human health experience.
Nursing is the discipline that is comfortable at the center in many environments of healthcare.
Nursing is the gentle art of caring.
Nursing is the glue that holds our health care delivery system together.
Nursing is the important essential in typhoid fever.
Nursing is the key to the health and well being of our society.
Nursing is the largest health care profession in the United States.
Nursing is the largest health care profession nationally, regionally and locally.
Nursing is the largest health occupation.
Nursing is the largest health profession in the nation.
Nursing is the largest professional sector in the health care system.
Nursing is the most wonderful profession in the world.
Nursing is the obvious choice.
Nursing is the one constant in the ever-changing world of health care.
Nursing is the only health program that admits students in the fall and spring.
Nursing is the only professional program to admit students during the winter semester.
Nursing is the only school in which the proportions are similar for all three groups.
Nursing is the perfect career for a young lady.
Nursing is the science of caring, of knowing what a person needs to function as a human being.
Nursing is the study of human responses to health states.
Nursing is threatened now as teaching has never been.
Nursing is ultimately accountable for the quality of care it provides.
Nursing is versatile.
Nursing is very hard.
Nursing is very labor-intensive.
Nursing is viewed as a learned scientific discipline with both theoretical and practical dimensions.
Nursing is viewed as a practice discipline encompassing both art and science.
Nursing is vital to the program.
Nursing lasts about two years.
Nursing makes a unique and valuable contribution within the health care system and society.
Nursing makes parenting a toddler easier.
Nursing needs all the spokespersons and mentors it can get.
Nursing needs to see some light.
Nursing obtains routine vital signs prior to walking rounds.
Nursing occurs from the mother's mammary glands.
Nursing offers a career in a rapidly changing health care delivery system.
Nursing offers a career with both personal and financial rewards.
Nursing offers a graduate certificate as a family nurse practitioner.
Nursing offers an abundance of opportunities from bedside nursing to the president of the hospital.
Nursing offers challenge and learning on a daily basis.
Nursing offers many career opportunities that are rewarding.
Nursing offers the opportunity to really make a difference in people's lives.
Nursing offers unlimited professional opportunities.
Nursing optimizes the value of health care through emphasis on health promotion and education.
Nursing pairs the local hospital and church staff in a close working relationship.
Nursing Phase out.
Nursing prides itself on a commitment to caring for patients and their families.
Nursing protects moms from breast cancer.
Nursing provides a good general education that can be the basis for further study.
Nursing provides a tremendous array of career opportunities.
Nursing Provides articles, patient education and links.
Nursing Provides authoritative coverage of the literature related to nursing and allied health.
Nursing provides comfort and solace at night when things look and feel different from the day.
Nursing provides health care for individuals, families, and communities.
Nursing provides links organized by topics, schools, collections, and organizations.
Nursing provides many health benefits to both the child and mother.
Nursing provides nursing resources indexed by one of the major subject directories of the web.
Nursing Provides practical patient care information for nurses in all areas of the profession.
Nursing provides the courses and academic advisement and recruits students.
Nursing really is a small world.
Nursing reduces the risk of breast and ovarian cancer.
Nursing requires accuracy and attention to detail.
Nursing requires all eight skills.
Nursing requires courage, compassion and intelligence.
Nursing requires dynamic, innovative, flexible, and committed individuals.
Nursing requires effective oral and written communication skills.
Nursing requires no bottles, no warming, no mixing, and no buying of formula.
Nursing requires sound problem solving and critical thinking skills.
Nursing requires strong emotional, intellectual and physical capabilities.
Nursing responds to and interacts with human beings and their environments to promote health.
Nursing rounds with case studies and posttest.
Nursing saves money while providing the best nourishment possible.
Nursing Seeks to keep nursing students informed of changes and advancements in the Nursing field.
Nursing strives to be the premier leader in professional practice and patient care.
Nursing strives to provide affordable health care and preventive services in diverse environments.
Nursing takes place within dynamic environments.
Nursing then seems so insignificant in the big picture.
Nursing tops the list followed by general studies, elementary education, and accounting.
Nursing uses many methodologies inherently to avoid the use of restraints.
Nursing uses the nursing process as a framework for providing and managing patient care.
Nursing utilizes a scientific process to diagnose problems and develop plans of care.
Nursing wear online.
Nursings are attention.
Nursings are care.
Nursings are feeding.
Nursings are health professions.
Nursings are medical treatments.
Nursing usually lasts about six months, but can continue for up to one year.
Nursing usually takes place in the water, but sometimes occurs on ice or land.
Some nursing related posters are also significant artwork.
Nurture groups exist to lovingly meet the needs of single adults and married couples of all ages.
Nurture can be necessary for several years.
Nurture comes from the Greek word paideia, meaning, tutorage, education or training.
Nurture goes further than learning.
Nurture helps mold able minds.
Nurture is a cause of miscarriage, and so is an excessive drink.
Nurture is a virtue, the giving and receiving of which is essential to the moral life.
Nurture is acculturation
Nurture is important.
Nurture is in short supply in our world, and the demand is high.
Nurture is more influential than nature.
Nurture is open to displaying any artefacts made by artisans fromany marginalized community.
Nurture is out, nature is back.
Nurture is probably more important than nature in the development of human personality.
Nurture is simply the result of nature and environment.
Nurture is stronger than training.
Nurture is why identical twins are really different individuals.
Nurture means training with structure.
Nurture plays a very big role in early human development.
Nurture plays as significant a role as nature in our partnering.
Nurtured children learn that security and satisfaction are found in attachment to another human.
NuSun oil has a heart-healthy fatty acid profile, high in monounsaturates.
NuSun supporters believe their oil compares favorably with olive oil.
Nut allergies can be extremely severe even fatal.
A nut butter is paste
Nut butters are also a good way to alter the flavor, plus they add protein and healthy fat.
Most nut butters are a good source of protein and tahini packs calcium as well.
Nut grass is a sedge
Nut grass tends to be particularly bothersome.
Nut milks are straight forward and fast.
Nut milks taste great and are very filling.
Nut production is an important source of early returns in many black walnut plantings.
Nut production is decreased.
Nut production is very limited on bunch infected trees.
Nut shells are an interesting option.
A nut tree is a tree
Nut trees are among the best of our multi-purpose trees.
Nut trees are as much a part of the landscape in Spain as their fruits are part of the diet.
Nut trees are better each year.
Nut trees are very easy.
Nut trees bear such fruits as almonds , walnuts , brazil nuts .
Nut trees bear such fruits as almonds, walnuts, brazil nuts.
Nut trees have roots.
Nut trees have tap roots.
Many nut trees grow near places that flood quite often .
Many nut trees grow near places that flood quite often.
Most nut trees develop deep, strong taproots in their first year of growth.
Most nut trees have roots.
Most nut trees have tap roots.
A nut is a seed
Nut borrow inside none nakona baseball gloves.
Nut buy a car online.
Nut can impact their crops and get stuck in a number of other places in the digestion process.
Nut drop occurring.
Nut including of none bed consequently recommends youth baseball uniform.
Nut is almost round, yellow to reddish or white, with spine on end extruding from shell.
Nut is also an Egyptian goddess.
Nut is cheesy plastic.
Nut is oval, thick shelled and deeply ridged.
Nut is round with a thick husk that splits to the base.
Nut is similar to pignut hickory but the husk has yellow scales.
Nut is sweet and pear-shaped and enclosed in a thin husk that splits only part way.
Nut isa seed.
Nut producing trees like the beech are particularly good places to see signs of black bear activity.
Nut resents their interracial relationship and causes problems.
Nut separates freely and clean from hull, a consistent cropper, kernels are light in color.
Nut there's nothing out front but memries and a lot of transparent folk.
NUT think so.
Nuts add a great finishing touch to almost any dessert.
Nuts add flavor and texture to meals and snacks.
Nuts add to diets.
Nuts also are rich in important minerals such as copper, magnesium, zinc, iron and calcium.
Nuts also contain a number of important vitamins and minerals.
Nuts also contain fat, but when balanced with low-fat foods, makes for a healthful eating plan.
Nuts also contain many minerals, including copper, iron zinc and magnesium.
Nuts also contain protein, fiber, vitamins and minerals, including magnesium and potassium.
Nuts also differ greatly in size and shape.
Nuts also have a lot of dietary benefit.
Nuts also have nutritional value.
Nuts also have vitamin E, magnesium and copper, nutrients linked to heart health.
Nuts also taste good.
Nuts appear as garnishes, thickeners, and even as beverages.
Nuts are a bonus.
Nuts are a good source of fiber but are also high in fat.
Nuts are a good source of minerals like calcium, magnesium, copper, zinc, and selenium.
Nuts are a good source of plant protein, fiber, vitamins and minerals.
Nuts are a good source of protein, but are high in fat.
Nuts are a good source of protein, but they're also high in fat.
Nuts are a good source of vitamin B complex in particular.
Nuts are a good source, especially brazil nuts, pecans, and cashews.
Nuts are a great combination of good fats, fibre, vitamins and minor nutrients.
Nuts are a great source of fiber and another likely breast cancer foe-monounsaturated fats.
Nuts are a great source of protein.
Nuts are a moderate source of polyphenol antioxidants.
Nuts are a more expensive way to get protein.
NUTS are a natural source of fats and the most concentrated energy source.
Nuts are a neglected source of protein.
Nuts are a particularly good source of fiber.
Nuts are a perfect choice for flavor, crunch and variety.
Nuts are a perfect example - no cholesterol, but extremely high in fat.
Nuts are a plant product with protein, vitamin E, and fiber.
Nuts are a rich source of essential fatty acids.
Nuts are a significant source of vitamin E and fiber.
Nuts are a source of vegetable fat .
Nuts are a type of fruit.
Nuts are a wonderful source of protein.
Nuts are actually fruits.
Nuts are also a good source of fiber, protein, vitamin E, zinc and folate.
Nuts are also a potent food, especially in the winter season.
Nuts are also an excellent source of protein.
Nuts are also heart-protective.
Nuts are also helpful in lowering the risk of some forms of cancer.
Nuts are also high in fat, and fat is harder to digest than other substances.
Nuts are also higher in fiber and a good source of plant proteins.
Nuts are also rich in different plant compounds.
Nuts are also rich in fat however the fats found in nuts are mostly mono- or polyunsaturated.
Nuts are also rich in protein and a variety of vitamins and minerals.
Nuts are also rich in vegetable protein, magnesium, vitamin E, fibre and potassium.
Nuts are always best when eaten raw right out of their shell.
Nuts are an example.
Nuts are an excellent source of fiber, particularly when consumed with the skins on.
Nuts are an excellent source of rare amino acids that are destroyed in cooked protein.
Nuts are an excellent source of the antioxidant vitamins particularly the a-tocopherols.
Nuts are an important source of nutrients for both humans and wildlife.
Nuts are another allergen that can be threatening.
Nuts are another fantastic source of good fat.
Nuts are another part of a healthy Mediterranean diet.
Nuts are another way to add protein and crunch to a salad.
Nuts are another well known fruit type.
Nuts are apparently a popular meal.
Nuts are blocks.
Nuts are collected by animals such as squirrels.
Nuts are contained in large woody rounded pods that break open when they fall on the forest floor.
Nuts are dark brown and a good commercial cropper.
Nuts are dry fruits with an edible kernel enclosed in a hard woody shell.
Nuts are dry fruits.
Nuts are easier to chop when they are warm.
Nuts are easy, they're fun, they're crunchy.
Nuts are edible and a source of oil, for food, lubrication, paints, perfumes and soaps.
Nuts are edible kernels protected by shells.
Nuts are edible.
Nuts are especially popular in New England for making maple-butternut candy.
Nuts are examples of indehiscent fruits.
Nuts are foodstuff.
Nuts are fruit.
Nuts are fruits and seeds with a hard shell.
Nuts are fruits.
Nuts are full of fat, and that means survival through the lean times of winter.
Nuts are generally snack food.
Nuts are given as a vermifuge, which is a drug that fights parasitic worms.
Nuts are good for the flu.
Nuts are good heart-healthy snacks.
Nuts are good in dishes sweet or savory.
Nuts are good instead of raisins.
Nuts are harmful to eczema, especially cashew nuts.
Nuts are high in calcium, folic acid, magnesium, potassium, vitamin E and fiber.
Nuts are high in cholesterol.
Nuts are high in fat and, therefore, high in calories, as well.
Nuts are high in fat but most of the fatty acids are unsaturated.
Nuts are high in fat, but mostly unsaturated fat.
Nuts are high in fat.
Nuts are high in minerals and protein and are part of a healthy diet.
Nuts are high in protein but they are also high in fat and phosphorus.
Nuts are high in the amino acid arginine.
Nuts are high in vitamin E which is good for eyes, skin and hair.
Nuts are integral because they are the best form of fat for both vegetarians and non-vegetarians.
Nuts are located in containers.
Nuts are located in ground.
Nuts are located in trees.
Nuts are low in saturated fat and high in monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fat.
Nuts are low in saturated fat and high in monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats.
Nuts are low in saturated fat, naturally cholesterol free and high in monounsaturated fat.
Nuts are low in saturated fats and have no cholesterol.
Nuts are low in saturated fatty acids and high in monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Nuts are mighty tasty.
Nuts are more difficult to sprout.
Nuts are naturally high in fat.
Nuts are nutrient-rich sources of energy which containing protein, carbohydrate, and fat.
Nuts are nutritious.
Nuts are oily.
Nuts are on the ground, as are limbs and trees.
Nuts are one of our early evolutionary foods and ultra-compatible with survival.
Nuts are one of the vegetarian's main sources of protein.
Nuts are optional.
Nuts are packed with heart-healthy fats, protein, vitamins, and minerals.
Nuts are plant products.
Nuts are preferable as snacks to candy.
Nuts are ready for planting when they begin to germinate as evidenced by nut splitting.
Nuts are really fruits with a dry, hard exterior shell and contain fats and proteins.
Nuts are rich in copper and zinc, which are important for heart health.
Nuts are rich in flavor with a lingering aftertaste.
Nuts are rich in plant protein, fiber, vitamins, minerals, phytochemicals and micronutrients.
Nuts are rich in vitamin E , phytosterols, and a variety of phytochemicals.
Nuts are seasonal, but they have the tremendous advantage of storing for a long time.
Nuts are seeds encased in hard shells.
Nuts are seeds.
Nuts are seeds.
Nuts are still a symbol of fertility in Southwest England .
Nuts are still a symbol of fertility in Southwest England.
Nuts are the heroes of wholesome snacking.
Nuts are the main source of protein and fat for the squirrels.
Nuts are the most preferred foods for deer.
Nuts are the plastic insert lock nut type.
Nuts are the size of walnuts, and rich in starch.
Nuts are the source of energy and nutrients for the new plant.
Nuts are thick shelled.
Nuts are thin-shelled, easy to open.
Nuts are too high in fat.
Nuts are tools.
Nuts are typically too large for a duck to eat because they swallow their food whole.
Nuts are usually globose, brown, and thick shelled.
Nuts are very good for balancing the vata.
Nuts are very high in calories, however.
Nuts are very sensitive to ammonia damage which causes blackening of external tissues.
Nuts are where things get confusing.
Nuts are, after all, an important part of their diet.
Nuts are, of course, an excellent sources of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats.
Nuts are, of course, available unsalted.
Nuts can add crunch to a green salad, pizzazz to a pasta dish and flavor to baked goods.
Nuts can also turn rancid and actually do age.
Nuts can be part of soups and salads, pastas and desserts.
Nuts can cause choking.
Nuts can work the same way, but they tend to be more expensive.
Nuts come from trees.
Nuts come in many sizes.
Nuts contain a fair amount of fat and calories per serving.
Nuts contain acid.
Nuts contain fatty acid.
Nuts contain fiber.
Nuts contain mono and polyunsaturated fats as opposed to saturated fats.
Nuts contain oily seeds.
Nuts contain omega fatty acid.
Nuts contain only a small amount of complex carbohydrates and essentially no simple carbohydrates.
Nuts contain primarily healthy fats and can be a part of meals.
Nuts contain protein and fat as well and are a great snack for endurance athletes.
Nuts contain proteins.
Nuts contain seeds.
Nuts contain unsaturated fat, soluble fibre and anti-oxidant vitamins.
Nuts develop with a cup or cluster or bracts at their base.
Nuts do carry their share of fat and calories.
Nuts do have fat, but it's good fat.
Nuts do, too.
Nuts face away from tower.
Nuts fall from trees.
Nuts give clue to 'oldest' Scots site Links to more Scotland stories are at the foot of the page.
Nuts grow into trees.
Nuts grow on large trees.
Nuts grow on trees.
Nuts have (part) kernels.
Nuts have (part) sections.
Nuts have a heart.
Nuts have a thin, similar shaped barky shell with often shriveled nuts.
Nuts have different nutritional profiles.
Nuts have flavor.
Nuts have good flavor, size, and an attractive color.
Nuts have many amino-acids.
Nuts have no hair.
Nuts have sweet flavor.
Nuts have very thick shells and sweet kernels.
Nuts have very thick shells, and kernels are small and tend to shatter when cracked.
Nuts keep best in their shells.
Nuts keep well up to a month in the pantry.
Nuts love it here.
Nuts make up diets.
Nuts pack plenty of other nutritional benefits.
Nuts promote weight loss.
Nuts provide diets.
Nuts provide food.
Nuts provide protein and fiber and, like other non-animal foods, have no cholesterol.
Nuts provide protein.
Nuts provide resistance.
Nuts provide rich diets.
Nuts pull out moisture from ice cream immediately surrounding the nut thus concentrating the mix.
Nuts require exercise and intellect to open up and eat.
Nuts serve purposes.
Nuts soothe the nerves.
Nuts symbolize faith, hope and love.
Nuts tend to be high in fat, but the fat in nuts is mostly monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fat.
Nuts vary in the vitamins, minerals and protein they contain.
Nuts write letters.
Nuts often have lots of added salt.
All nuts are good.
All nuts are nylon locking.
All nuts are very good.
All nuts have a lot in common.
All nuts roll West.
Many nut insects cause few problems for humans.
Many nuts are either void, poorly filled during growing, or have other faults.
Many nuts are empty or contain blackened, shriveled kernels.
Many nuts are good sources of iron, selenium, magnesium, iron, copper, zinc, and potassium.
Many nuts are lost due to damage from the larvae, which burrow through the nut shell.
Many nuts arrive by boat, traveling down the Madeira River.
Many nuts have thin, papery skins that are often tannic and bitter.
Most nuts add to diets.
Most nuts are also fairly good sources of protein.
Most nuts are good sources of antioxidants, including vitamin E and phytochemicals.
Most nuts are very low in saturated fats.
Most nuts come from trees.
Most nuts contain acid.
Most nuts contain fatty acid.
Most nuts contain fiber.
Most nuts contain oily seeds.
Most nuts contain omega fatty acid.
Most nuts fall from trees.
Most nuts grow into trees.
Most nuts grow on large trees.
Most nuts grow on trees.
Most nuts have flavor.
Most nuts have sweet flavor.
Most nuts make up diets.
Most nuts provide food.
Most nuts provide resistance.
Most nuts provide rich diets.
Most nuts serve purposes.
Some nuts are also sources of selenium.
Some nuts are particularly high, green vegetables especially, soy beans and whole grains.
Some nuts are tough to crack.
Some nuts contain salt.
Some nuts have irregular shapes.
Some nuts have irregular triangular shapes.
Some nuts have sea water.
Some nuts have shapes.
Some nuts have strength.
Some nuts have torque.
Some nuts have triangular shapes.
Some nuts have values.
Some nuts have water.
Some nuts produce fruit.
Some nuts produce tubers.
Nutation made by the planets gives forms.
A nutcase is a maniac
Nutcases seem to abound in academia.
Nutcracker esophagus is a description of an esophagus that has very strong contractions.
A nutcracker is a lever
Nutcracker caches the seeds in microclimates conducive to germination.
Nutcracker isa lever.
Nutcrackers are located in stores.
Nutcrackers are unusual corvids having considerable amounts of brown in their colouration.
Nutcrackers bury caches of nuts in loose soil on the mountainside.
Nutcrackers have (part) fulcrums.
Nutcrackers have (part) sections.
Nutcrackers normally bury nuts further up hill than they collect.
A nutgrass is a sedge
Nutgrass grows rapidly in full sunlight, provided adequate water and nutrients are supplied.
A nuthatch is a bird
Nuthatches also enjoy peanut butter mix, suet, or berries.
Nuthatches also probe crevices for smaller seeds and insects.
Nuthatches are also common.
Nuthatches are among the few non-woodpeckers that excavate their own nest cavities from solid wood.
Nuthatches are one of the easiest birds to hand tame.
Nuthatches are the only birds able to move easily down vertical surfaces headfirst.
Nuthatches are valuable birds to have around.
Nuthatches are very acrobatic birds and are equally at home climbing headfirst up or down a tree.
Nuthatches are very social.
Nuthatches enter the hole without touching the sides.
Nuthatches hop down the tree trunks and branches, also searching for insects.
Nuthatches inhabit deciduous forests throughout Pennsylvania and the East.
Nuthatches prefer to inhabit large, old trees in deciduous and mixed deciduous-coniferous forests.
Nuthatches prefer to nest near open areas and forest edges.
Nuthatches roost in cavities in trees.
Nuthatchs are birds.
All nuthatches are cavity nesters.
A nuthouse is a mental institution
Nuthouse refers to the winery's previous incarnation as a filbert processing plant.
Nutique formulas work in harmony with nature.
A nutlet is a nut
Nutlets are an import way that yellow nutsedge reproduces itself.
Nutlets are food for ducks and other birds.
Nutlets are nuts.
Nutlets break apart at maturity and are rapidly scattered by animals.
Nutlets convex on all sides.
Nutlets ovoid, smooth, brown.
Nutlets smooth, or at length becoming wrinkled.
Nutmeg butter is obtained from the nut by expression .
Nutmeg cultivation is the main industry here, along with many other spices.
Nutmeg graters have tiny sharp teeth that bite into the hard nutmegs.
Nutmeg oil smells exactly like the fresh ground spice, warm and welcoming.
Nutmeg tea helps the uterus to contract and lessens afterbirth bleeding.
Most NutraTrim clients report a noticeable difference in their general well being from first use .
Nutria damage is related to burrowing and feeding.
A nutria is a mammal
Nutria also burrow into canal and road embankments, causing damage and dangerous situations.
Nutria also carry and can transmit various parasites and diseases.
Nutria also eat farm and garden crops and lawn grasses found next to water.
Nutria also sport white or light colored whiskers that beavers lack.
Nutria are active throughout the year.
Nutria are aggressive competitors with the native muskrat which is smaller.
Nutria are an invasive species in Maryland due to their destructive feeding habits on marshes.
Nutria are an invasive species.
Nutria are apt to breed in any month of the year in North America.
Nutria are aquatic by nature and live in burrows.
Nutria are herbivores, so they feed entirely on plants.
Nutria are herbivorous.
Nutria are highly prolific and breed year round.
Nutria are large rodents native to South America.
Nutria are large rodents that look like beavers with long, thin tails similar to muskrats.
Nutria are large rodents that look like beavers with long, thin tails.
Nutria are large semi-aquatic rodents that resemble native beavers and muskrats.
Nutria are large, web-footed rodents that are more agile in the water than on land.
Nutria are medium sized rodents that live in freshwater environments.
Nutria are native to South America.
Nutria are on the loose in North America and tearing their way through.
Nutria are particularly fond of watermelon rinds, apples, carrots and potatoes.
Nutria are preyed upon by alligators, cottonmouth moccasins, hawks, owls and eagles.
Nutria are prolific breeders, capable of producing two litters a year.
Nutria are semi-aquatic and spend most of their time in or near the water.
Nutria are sensitive to low temperatures.
Nutria are South American semi-aquatic rodents similar to our native muskrat and beaver.
Nutria are vegetarians and they do have large appetites.
Nutria are well adapted for movement on land, however, are more at home in the water.
Nutria breed all year round, which greatly impacts their population and activity rate.
Nutria can be rather social animals and sometimes live in large colonies, reproducing prolifically.
Nutria can damage agricultural crops and destroy water-retaining structures like dams and dikes.
Nutria can have either positive or negative values.
Nutria consume very rapidly as well.
Nutria eat tall grasses and rush es.
Nutria eat wetland plants such as Three-square rush.
Nutria feed almost entirely on vegetation.
Nutria feed primarily on marsh vegetation that extends above the waterline.
Nutria follow behind, eating the tender shoots of the new plants.
Nutria generally occupies a small area throughout their lives.
Nutria have a more negative effect on the ecosystem than they're worth.
Nutria have large incisors that are yellow to orange-red on the outer surface.
Nutria have thick brown fur and orange front teeth.
Nutria is a great value in a natural skin.
Nutria isa rodent.
Nutria look like beavers, but have long tails like rats.
Nutria multiply rapidly and destroys marshes by eating the grass which holds the soil together.
Nutria predominately feed on the base of plant stems and dig for roots and rhizomes in the winter.
Nutria prefer to burrow on steep slopes covered with vegetation.
Nutria reach sexual maturity at four to six months.
Nutria rip the plant out by the root therefore making the plant unable to re-grow.
Nutria spend most of their lives in or around water.
Nutria spend most of their time in or near the water.
Nutria spend much of their time in the water.
Nutria spend much of their time in water.
Nutria thrive in fresh or brackish marshes where there is abundant aquatic vegetation for food.
Nutrias adapt to conditions.
Nutrias are herbivores.
Nutrias eat crops.
Nutrias eat materials.
Nutrias eat vegetation.
Nutrias enter water.
Nutrias feed on marsh vegetation.
Nutrias feed on shoots.
Nutrias feed on vegetation.
Nutrias have (part) brains.
Nutrias have (part) breasts.
Nutrias have (part) cell membranes.
Nutrias have (part) cells.
Nutrias have (part) chest cavities.
Nutrias have (part) chests.
Nutrias have (part) corpi.
Nutrias have (part) cytoplasm.
Nutrias have (part) ears.
Nutrias have (part) faces.
Nutrias have (part) heads.
Nutrias have (part) nuclei.
Nutrias have (part) pedal extremities.
Nutrias have (part) piluses.
Nutrias have (part) plasma membranes.
Nutrias have (part) rib cages.
Nutrias have (part) sections.
Nutrias have (part) skulls.
Nutrias have (part) sterna.
Nutrias have (part) vacuoles.
Nutrias have (part) vertebrate feet.
Nutrias have appetite.
Nutrias have bodies that are highly arched and have large heads.
Nutrias have brown fur.
Nutrias have claw toes.
Nutrias have eyesights.
Nutrias have fur.
Nutrias have large appetite.
Nutrias have long round tails.
Nutrias have long tails.
Nutrias have poor eyesights.
Nutrias have round tails.
Nutrias have tails.
Nutrias have thick brown fur.
Nutrias have thick fur.
Nutrias have toes.
Nutrias inhabit riverbanks.
Nutria often build flattened circular feeding platforms of vegetation in shallow water.
Nutria usually have a negative impact on other wildlife species.
Nutria usually have dark brown fur.
Many nutria die in dens, dense vegetation, and other inaccessible areas.
Most nutrias adapt to conditions.
Most nutrias eat crops.
Most nutrias eat materials.
Most nutrias eat vegetation.
Most nutrias enter water.
Most nutrias feed on marsh vegetation.
Most nutrias feed on shoots.
Most nutrias feed on vegetation.
Most nutrias have brown fur.
Most nutrias have claw toes.
Most nutrias have eyesights.
Most nutrias have fur.
Most nutrias have large appetite.
Most nutrias have long round tails.
Most nutrias have long tails.
Most nutrias have poor eyesights.
Most nutrias have round tails.
Most nutrias have thick brown fur.
Most nutrias have thick fur.
Most nutrias have toes.
Some nutrias adapt to environments.
Some nutrias are distinguished by teeth.
Some nutrias build platforms.
Some nutrias can have negative values.
Some nutrias can have values.
Some nutrias carry parasites.
Some nutrias cause damage.
Some nutrias cause health problems.
Some nutrias cause problems.
Some nutrias cause severe damage.
Some nutrias construct burrows.
Some nutrias consume food.
Some nutrias destroy habitats.
Some nutrias eat grass.
Some nutrias eat lawn grass.
Some nutrias feed on root tubers.
Some nutrias feed on tubers.
Some nutrias have effects.
Some nutrias have incisors.
Some nutrias have large incisors.
Some nutrias have layers.
Some nutrias have legal protection.
Some nutrias have negative effects.
Some nutrias have protection.
Some nutrias have short legs.
Some nutrias infect humans.
Some nutrias inflict serious injuries.
Some nutrias inhabit streams.
Some nutrias live in agricultural areas.
Some nutrias live in areas.
Some nutrias live in colonies.
Some nutrias live in large colonies.
Some nutrias mate during springs.
Some nutrias reach maturity.
Some nutrias reach sexual maturity.
Nutriculture products dissolve completely in water.
Nutrient abatement is recommended where eutrophication symptoms occur.
Nutrient absorption is enhanced.
Nutrient acquisition is assumed to be governed primarily by nutrient availability in the soil.
Nutrient agar is a medium
Nutrient agar is a special food used to grow bacteria in the laboratory.
Nutrient agar is a very low quality medium.
Nutrient agar is one of the most widely used media in microbiology.
Nutrient analysis are available upon request.
Nutrient analysis demonstrates the presence of calcium , potassium , iron , and zinc .
Nutrient analysis provides the best basis for responsible utilization.
Nutrient availability influences fruit production.
Nutrient availability influences production.
Nutrient availability is a critical factor in forage and seed production.
Nutrient availability is central in shaping food webs.
Nutrient availability is defined as a ratio between decomposition and unlimited growth.
Nutrient availability is dependent upon soil pH levels.
Nutrient availability is subject to biological, geological, and chemical processes.
Nutrient availability varies considerably, especially the supply of usable nitrogen and phosphorous.
Most nutrient availability influences fruit production.
Nutrient balance is crucial to efficient crop production and environmental protection.
Nutrient balance is extremely important to canola.
Nutrient circulation is also heavily based on wind direction.
Nutrient classes are defined by their chemical structure or by their function in metabolism.
Nutrient composition varies according to soil fertility.
Some nutrient compounds help cancer.
Some nutrient compounds help certain cancer.
Nutrient concentrations are low where phyto-plankton abundance is high.
Nutrient concentrations are thousands of times higher in sediments than in overlying waters.
Nutrient concentrations vary in most organic waste products.
Nutrient concentrations vary seasonally in streams throughout the study area.
Nutrient concentrations vary temporally.
Nutrient concentrations vary widely with the kind of animal they are from.
Some nutrient consumption increases likelihood.
Nutrient content varies between livestock and poultry.
Nutrient content varies widely from farm to farm.
Nutrient contents decrease more than twice in the secondary upwelling.
Nutrient control is algae control.
Nutrient control is an important part.
Nutrient control is effective and far safer.
Nutrient cycles are broken up into three levels.
Nutrient cycles are essential to the maintenance of natural systems.
Nutrient cycles are restored by root-derived oxygen and the oxygenated rhizosphere is detoxified.
Nutrient cycles occur within ecosystems.
Nutrient cycling is a major bridgehead between vegetation dynamics and soil processes .
Nutrient cycling is increased by composting and returning crop residues and manures to soils .
Nutrient cycling is increased by returning manures to soils .
Nutrient cycling is increased through the multi-strata agroforestry structure of the homegardens.
Nutrient cycling is rapid.
Nutrient cycling is the process where nutrients get used again and again by living organisms.
Nutrient cycling is therefore rapid, but the amounts are small.
Nutrient cycling plays a key role in most of the problems currently pursued by grassland ecologists.
Most nutrient cycling occurs through litterfall.
Nutrient database has information on nutrient content of many foods.
Nutrient data are available, to a varying degree, across the aquifer.
Nutrient deficiencies affect health.
Nutrient deficiencies are just part of the picture.
Nutrient deficiencies are likely to be present under water stress situations.
Nutrient deficiencies are very difficult to diagnose.
Nutrient deficiencies can cause discolored or stunted foliage.
Nutrient deficiencies can cause imbalances in the brain chemistry that governs moods.
Nutrient deficiencies can have a profound influence on the brain and mood.
Nutrient deficiencies can occur and appear as light or pale green foliage.
Nutrient deficiencies cause imbalances in metabolism.
Nutrient deficiencies cause specific symptoms.
Nutrient deficiencies show up as leaf or needle discoloration and abnormal growth patterns.
Nutrient deficiencies weaken the immune system and decrease one's ability to tolerate therapies.
Nutrient deficiency is the most common cause of low immune function.
Most nutrient deficiencies affect health.
Most nutrient deficiencies show up as foliar symptoms on the plant leaves.
Some nutrient deficiencies cause specific discoloration in the foliage.
Nutrient demands vary, too.
Nutrient density is defined as the amount of nutrient per energy unit.
Nutrient density is greater in less mature forage than in older plant material.
Nutrient density is the nutrient to calorie ratio of the food supply.
Nutrient density refers to the concentration of nutrients in the diet.
Nutrient density refers to the quantity of essential nutrients in a given volume of food.
Any nutrient depletion associated with the tree phase is considered manageable.
Nutrient deprivation affects glucosinolate composition of Sinapis alba .
Nutrient disorders limit crop production in all types of soil around the world.
Nutrient disproportion is common with some nutrient in extreme excess and others just adequate.
Nutrient elements are A. conservative constituents in sea water.
Nutrient elements return to the abiotic reservoir via death, excretion, wastes.
Nutrient enrichment is a natural process.
Nutrient excretion has effects.
Most nutrient excretion has effects.
Nutrient factors can be of value.
Nutrient foods contain large amounts of nutrients.
Many nutrient formulas are available.
Nutrient imbalance caused by low potassium and high nitrogen increases losses from stalk rot.
Nutrient imbalances can make nematode problems worse.
Nutrient inactivation is only appropriate where internal loading is a significant phosphorus source.
Nutrient increases are desirable, however, when it comes to prescription drugs, be very careful.
Nutrient injection is cycled as required to promote cometabolism of the chlorinated compounds.
Nutrient inputs are far below what is being removed.
Nutrient insufficiency can also be a subtle cause of anxiety.
Nutrient intake comes from balance meals.
Nutrient intake comes from meals.
Nutrient intake needs frequent monitoring.
Most nutrient intake comes from balance meals.
Most nutrient intake comes from meals.
Nutrient levels are high.
Nutrient levels are higher than both salt and freshwater.
Nutrient levels are higher than optimum in most of the rivers and upper bays.
Nutrient levels are important in controlling the abundance of many species of algae.
Nutrient levels are low and dissolved oxygen levels are high.
Nutrient levels are of specific concern in several APES region river basins.
Nutrient levels are still low, but they're creeping upwards.
Nutrient levels can also affect the development of disease.
Nutrient levels determine how well plants grow.
Nutrient levels vary considerably with brand and flavor, so compare labels carefully.
Nutrient limitation is frequently demonstrable.
Nutrient loading is also harmful to coral reefs.
Nutrient loading is at the watershed scale.
Nutrient losses occur when fruits are cooked.
Nutrient maintenance is necessary to keep the lawn vigorous.
Nutrient management can reduce nutrient excretion.
Nutrient management is a balancing act.
Nutrient management is a challenge for producers of container-grown nursery crops.
Nutrient management is another issue facing livestock producers.
Nutrient management is critical to water quality in the area and around the globe.
Nutrient management is critical with high frequency irrigation.
Nutrient management is here to stay, and water quality issues are important.
Nutrient management requires careful planning every year to prevent environmental problems.
Nutrient materials accumulate and the cells reproduce.
Nutrient metabolism is altered in the cancer patient.
Nutrient minerals play a major role in the stress response.
Nutrient molecules can pass through the tegument to the developing cercariae.
Nutrient molecules pass from cells on the surface of a villus into blood vessels.
Nutrient molecules supply the fuel for our metabolic processes.
Most nutrient molecules can traverse the outer membrane without requiring energy.
Nutrient needs can differ from farm to farm, depending on the composition of the water supply.
Nutrient needs differ from person to person, just as one person is different from the next.
Nutrient parameters measured include ammonium, nitrate, nitrite and ortho-phosphate.
Nutrient pollution appears to have a significant impact on the crab's habitat.
Nutrient pollution causes terrible problems for the Bay.
Nutrient pollution is a complex problem that is taking on ever-larger proportions.
Nutrient pollution is another threat.
Nutrient pollution is the direct result of development and industry.
Nutrient pollution is the number one problem in the Bay system.
Some nutrient pollution affects human health.
Nutrient quality is same as centrifugal juicer.
Nutrient quality is same as centrifugal juicers.
Nutrient rates range from zero to more than adequate for maximum yields.
Nutrient recycling goes on indefinitely.
Nutrient reduction helps living resources by improving water quality and enhancing physical habitat.
Nutrient release is dependent on the soil moisture and temperature.
Nutrient release is regulated primarily by temperature, allowing extremely predictable results.
Nutrient requirements are probably higher during growth, prior to maturity.
Nutrient requirements can change with different on-farm circumstances.
Nutrient requirements depend on factors.
Nutrient requirements depend on many factors.
Nutrient requirements increase with the level of crop production.
Nutrient requirements vary with each individual.
Most nutrient requirements depend on factors.
Most nutrient requirements depend on many factors.
Nutrient retention is a key factor in dating of infant formula.
Nutrient runoff does indeed come from agricultural sources, but more comes from urban sewage.
Nutrient solution fills the growing tray to a predetermined level from a separate holding tank.
Nutrient solution is applied by the dripping method.
Nutrient solution is pumped right to the base of each plant.
Nutrient solution is supplied by the dripping method in general.
Nutrient solution runs along the bottom of the channels so just the root tips are submerged.
Nutrient solution surges through several times per day.
Nutrient solutions contain elements.
Nutrient solutions contain minor elements.
Most nutrient solutions contain elements.
Most nutrient solutions contain minor elements.
Nutrient sufficiency ranges in the most recently matured leaf of garlic sampled at initial bulbing.
Nutrient supplies are usually satisfactory in freshwater ecosystems.
Nutrient testing is done routinely.
Nutrient testing is part of the process.
Nutrient therapy can also offer remarkable benefits.
Nutrient toxicity occurs when a plant nutrient is in excess and decreases plant growth or quality.
Nutrient toxicity occurs when an excess of a nutrient does harm to an organism.
Nutrient transfer occurs through a specialized hypha called a haustorium that enters the amoeba.
Nutrient transport can be by diffusion or by advective fluid flow.
Nutrient transport pathways across the epithelium of the placenta.
Nutrient uptake involves a number of mechanisms operating in a compensatory manner.
Nutrient uptake is affected by many vineyard conditions.
Nutrient uptake is affected by soil water content through mass flow and ion diffusion.
Nutrient uptake is also an essential function of the root system.
Nutrient uptake is basically complete.
Nutrient uptake is different than for phytoplankton.
Nutrient uptake is shown below for corn and soybeans at different yield levels.
Nutrient uptake refers to all the nutrients taken up by the crop as it grows and matures.
Nutrient value begins with genetics of the plant and animal.
Nutrient values listed are for a single capsule.
Nutrient values vary depending on the composition of the feed.
Nutrient vectors are a special form of mobile vector.
A nutrient is a substance
Nutrient isa matter.
Nutrients accumulate as the manure accumulates.
Nutrients accumulate at the surface because of fertilizer application.
Nutrients accumulate in deeper waters because of gravity.
Nutrients act as cofactors in many vital physiological processes.
Nutrients affect aspects.
Nutrients affect functions.
Nutrients affect values.
Nutrients also act on the surfaces of the throat and later stomach and small intestine.
Nutrients also behave differently in the soil.
Nutrients also come from sewage and leftover food that is put into the river.
Nutrients also contaminate groundwater drinking supplies in many rural areas.
Nutrients also end up in storm drain systems when residents dump yard wastes into the inlets.
Nutrients also enter and leave ecosystems, but before they leave they are often recycled many times.
Nutrients also leach from the soil after it is exposed by clear-cutting.
Nutrients also protect against environmental toxins and the cellular damage they cause.
Nutrients also reach the coastal seas by upwelling.
Nutrients appear to leach rapidly from vegetation beginning the first day.
Nutrients are a necessary component of the Bay's food web.
Nutrients are absorbed at the hyphal tip.
Nutrients are absorbed by the submerged plants through the general plant surface.
Nutrients are absorbed from the food in the small intestine.
Nutrients are absorbed from the soil and moved throughout the plant's cells by way of transpiration.
Nutrients are absorbed into the blood through the intestine wall.
Nutrients are absorbed through all surfaces of the duckweed leaf.
Nutrients are absorbed through the frond, which is the name for the bottom half of the leaf.
Nutrients are absorbed through the linings of the stomach and the first part of the intestine .
Nutrients are absorbed through the tegument, since there is no mouth or digestive system.
Nutrients are abundant, being confined to the system by the proximity of the bottom.
Nutrients are acquired by absorption, for the most part, from decaying material.
Nutrients are acquired from air, water, soil, or orther living things.
Nutrients are added into the water and the equilibrium in the food web is disturbed.
Nutrients are all around, but at very low concentrations.
Nutrients are also a possible concern for each segment.
Nutrients are any of a group of elements necessary for growth.
Nutrients are available at different amounts at different pHs.
Nutrients are brought to the surface waters by turbulence, vertical mixing, and upwelling.
Nutrients are carried into the deep ocean with sinking biological debris.
Nutrients are chemical elements and compounds that are necessary for life.
Nutrients are chemical elements essential to plant and animal nutrition.
Nutrients are chemical substances needed for growth and energy.
Nutrients are chemicals essential for life.
Nutrients are chemicals that fulfill specific functions in the body.
Nutrients are compounds that stimulate plant growth, like nitrogen and phosphorous.
Nutrients are delivered to where they are needed in the plant, such as new leaves or branches.
Nutrients are distributed internally via the digestive system and diffusion.
Nutrients are drawn from the soil and used by the plant.
Nutrients are elements needed for growth in all living plants and animals.
Nutrients are elements that are essential for life.
Nutrients are essential for good health, as are vitamins and minerals.
Nutrients are essential for growth.
Nutrients are essential to human health.
Nutrients are essential to life.
Nutrients are foods, or elements needed for growth and nourishment.
Nutrients are generally beneficial when propagating yeast.
Nutrients are generally well below threshold levels.
Nutrients are good.
Nutrients are important elements in streams, for they serve as sources of food.
Nutrients are in the yolk, and wastes are excreted into the allantois and stored until hatching.
Nutrients are ions that are crucial to the growth of living organisms.
Nutrients are less likely to leach from the soil iv.
Nutrients are likely to leach out of the pot before they can be absorbed by the roots.
Nutrients are minerals found in the soil.
Nutrients are mixed with the water.
Nutrients are more or less locked in when produce is frozen or canned.
Nutrients are moved around in biogeochemical cycles.
Nutrients are moved inside a plant to where they are most needed.
Nutrients are naturally present in the soil and are found as either minerals or elements.
Nutrients are needed by fetuses.
Nutrients are needed by horses.
Nutrients are nutrients.
Nutrients are obtained as the enzymes digest the food inside the vacuole.
Nutrients are one of the primary concerns.
Nutrients are only marginally greater than the screening criteria.
Nutrients are other living systems, possessors of behavioral guidance words.
Nutrients are potentially toxic when ingested in sufficiently large amounts.
Nutrients are provided by plants.
Nutrients are released, having the same effect on vegetation as fertilizing a lawn.
Nutrients are required for proper function and growth.
Nutrients are substances found in food that are needed for good health.
Nutrients are substances in food needed for normal growth, maintenance, and repair of tissues.
Nutrients are substances in food that help the body stay healthy.
Nutrients are substances that have nutritional value.
Nutrients are substances that help plants grow.
Nutrients are substances that provide energy and materials for plants to grow.
Nutrients are substances which help plants and animals live and grow.
Nutrients are substances.
Nutrients are supplied to the developing sporophyte by the gametophyte.
Nutrients are taken up from the soil by roots.
Nutrients are the essential building blocks of a healthy body.
Nutrients are the fuel of life.
Nutrients are the pieces to good health.
Nutrients are the things that make up the fuel of the body - glucose for example.
Nutrients are the third important component of successful rose culture.
Nutrients are the usually recognised components of food such as carbohydrates, proteins and fats.
Nutrients are transported by tidal flooding through the tidal channels.
Nutrients are transported though fliud in the pseudocoelom.
Nutrients are transported throughout the coelom, including the mantle lobes, by cilia.
Nutrients are very important in everyone lives.
Nutrients are vital for plant and animal growth.
Nutrients are vital to both the health of the baby and the mother during pregnancy.
Nutrients are vitamins, minerals, carbohydrates, proteins, fats, and water.
Nutrients become less available at pH extremes.
Nutrients become unavailable to plants if the pH is above or below a certain range.
Nutrients boost alga growth.
Nutrients boost growth.
Nutrients can affect fetal development.
Nutrients can also cycle out of an ecosystem.
Nutrients can be hard to come by as well.
Nutrients can be proteins, fats, carbohydrates, vitamins, minerals, or water.
Nutrients can blow out of an ecosystem on the wind.
Nutrients can burn the cannabis seedlings so therefore few are necessary.
Nutrients can cause dramatic changes in the phenotype of some animals, too.
Nutrients can come from industry, fertilizer runoff, factory farms and other sources.
Nutrients can come from sewage treatment plants, fertilizers, and even vehicle exhaust.
Nutrients can enter groundwater by percolation and are carried with runoff into surface waters.
Nutrients can have a tremendous impact on moods.
Nutrients can rebuild the body, and the liver can heal itself.
Nutrients can spur algae blooms which block sunlight to valuable underwater grasses.
Nutrients cause excessive algae blooms.
Nutrients cause growth.
Nutrients cause nuisance plant growth.
Nutrients cause plant growth.
Nutrients circulating in the bloodstream can no longer reach the skin in adequate amounts.
Nutrients come from fertilisers that are used on land to help the plants grow faster and bigger.
Nutrients come from food.
Nutrients come from many sources, fertilizers, automobiles, sewage, manure, and others.
Nutrients come from various sources, both natural and manmade.
Nutrients come to the soil only through natural processes.
Nutrients considered are manure, organic, and commercial.
Nutrients consist of b vitamins.
Nutrients consist of vitamins.
Nutrients contain nitrogen.
Nutrients contain products.
Nutrients contain substrate.
Nutrients contain vitamins.
Nutrients contribute to good health.
Nutrients contribute to health.
Nutrients contribute to overall health.
Nutrients create excretion.
Nutrients create growth.
Nutrients cycle continuously through the ecosystem.
Nutrients degrade over time if exposed to air.
Nutrients diffuse through the thin, relatively unstirred layer of fluid adjacent to the epithelium.
Nutrients diffuse to the rest of the body.
Nutrients encourage growth of aquatic vegetation in summer.
Nutrients encourage growth.
Nutrients encourage growth.
Nutrients encourage hair growth.
Nutrients encourage healthy growth.
Nutrients encourage healthy hair growth.
Nutrients encourage the growth of algae, with accompanying problems as described above.
Nutrients enhance growth.
Nutrients enhance hair growth.
Nutrients enter blood.
Nutrients enter bloodstreams.
Nutrients enter our body in the form of vitamins, minerals, carbohydrates, protein, and fats.
Nutrients enter the lake from runoff water and things falling in.
Nutrients enter the soil helping making the ground fertile.
Nutrients enter waterways through a variety of different sources and mechanisms.
Nutrients escape through the walls of the intestine into our blood.
Nutrients exist naturally in the earth's soil and atmosphere, and in animal manure.
Nutrients fall from the upper layers and support life in the profundal zone.
Nutrients feed plankton, stimulating their growth.
Nutrients find in food.
Nutrients find in seafood.
Nutrients find in spinach.
Nutrients find in whole food.
Nutrients first pass through the epidermis, then through the cortex of the roots.
Nutrients get into the bay in a number of ways.
Nutrients go in and toxins are drawn out.
Nutrients gradually accumulate, and algae tints the water green.
Nutrients have direct impact.
Nutrients have impact.
Nutrients have large impact.
Nutrients have to be transported through the vascular tissue too.
Nutrients help energy.
Nutrients help growth.
Nutrients help hair growth.
Nutrients help health.
Nutrients help infection.
Nutrients help oxidation.
Nutrients help performance.
Nutrients help prevent defects.
Nutrients help prevent diseases.
Nutrients help prevent sperm defects.
Nutrients Help reestablish root hairs by saturating the root zone with sea-kelp based products.
Nutrients help roundworm infection.
Nutrients help teeth.
Nutrients improve availability.
Nutrients improve functions.
Nutrients improve growth.
Nutrients improve hair growth.
Nutrients improve mental functions.
Nutrients improve performance.
Nutrients improve the tree's growing environment and facilitate recovery.
Nutrients include calcium.
Nutrients include carbohydrates.
Nutrients include dry matter.
Nutrients include irons.
Nutrients include matter.
Nutrients include mineral calcium.
Nutrients include phosphate.
Nutrients include vitamins.
Nutrients include water.
Nutrients increase as sprouts grow in bulk, but calories remain the same.
Nutrients increase performance.
Nutrients interfere with uptake.
Nutrients is returned to the atmosphere through denitrification, energy is a one way flow.
Nutrients is the other model component that is significantly altered by spatial dynamics.
Nutrients leach from the mulch into the soil, feeding the tree and keeping the soil mellow.
Nutrients leach out, and water drainage can change to too fast or too slow.
Nutrients lead to development.
Nutrients lead to excessive growth.
Nutrients lead to excessive phytoplankton growth.
Nutrients lead to growth.
Nutrients lead to health.
Nutrients lead to ill health.
Nutrients lead to phytoplankton growth.
Nutrients lead to poor growth.
Nutrients leave the farm in harvested crops and animal products.
Nutrients mainly come from animal droppings and decaying matter on their supporting tree.
Nutrients maintain or improve the nutritional quality of food.
Nutrients make medical therapy more toxic to the tumor and less toxic to the patient.
Nutrients may have beneficial effects.
Nutrients may have effects.
Nutrients move around ecosystems in loops.
Nutrients move into blood vessels within the villi.
Nutrients move through a plant by the movement of water.
Nutrients move through an ecosystem in a. biogeochemical cycles.
Nutrients move through the ecosystem in biogeochemical cycles.
Nutrients need for fungal growth.
Nutrients need for growth.
Nutrients need for life.
Nutrients need for normal growth.
Nutrients need for plant growth.
Nutrients never occur as isolates in natural foods.
Nutrients ore necessary in the dark.
Nutrients pass from intestines.
Nutrients pass from the lumen of a capillary into the surrounding tissue in more than one way.
Nutrients pass through intestines.
Nutrients pass through the intestinal cells and into small blood vessels.
Nutrients pass to intestines.
Nutrients pass to large intestines.
Nutrients pause in places such as Whitefish Lake before moving downstream.
Nutrients play a critical role in determining the ecology of rivers, lakes and estuaries.
Nutrients play a critical role in mental health .
Nutrients play important roles in defense against oxidative injury.
Nutrients play important roles.
Nutrients play roles.
Nutrients potentially leave a field during snow melts if the ground is frozen.
Nutrients present in colostrum include carbohydrates, fat, proteins, vitamins and minerals.
Nutrients present in wormcastings are readily soluble in water for uptake by plants.
Nutrients prevent deficiencies.
Nutrients prevent illnesses.
Nutrients prevent osteoporosises.
Nutrients produce growth.
Nutrients promote excessive algae growth which robs aquatic life in the bay of oxygen.
Nutrients protect against cancer.
Nutrients protect against diseases.
Nutrients protect against heart diseases.
Nutrients provide benefits.
Nutrients provide calories.
Nutrients provide energy.
Nutrients provide fertilizer.
Nutrients provide health benefits.
Nutrients provide health.
Nutrients provide many benefits.
Nutrients provide many other benefits.
Nutrients provide nutrition.
Nutrients provide other benefits.
Nutrients provide protection.
Nutrients provide vitamins.
Nutrients provided by composts play a greater role here also.
Nutrients refer to vitamins, minerals, phytochemicals, and fiber.
Nutrients regulate diamine oxidase release from intestinal mucosa.
Nutrients released from the digested fly keep the trap closed.
Nutrients remain high in surface waters.
Nutrients require for antler growth.
Nutrients require for crop growth.
Nutrients require for growth.
Nutrients require for healthy growth.
Nutrients require for milk synthesis.
Nutrients require for phytoplankton growth.
Nutrients require for plant growth.
Nutrients require for synthesis.
Nutrients run from land, down roads and into storm drains.
Nutrients run out from the soil when it rains.
Nutrients run out.
Nutrients sticking to soil particles is similar to, say, a paper clip sticking to a magnet.
Nutrients stimulate algae which is just like plant nutrients stimulating plant growth.
Nutrients stimulate excessive growth.
Nutrients stimulate excessive plant growth.
Nutrients stimulate growth.
Nutrients stimulate phytoplankton growth.
Nutrients stimulate plant growth.
Nutrients store in endosperms.
Nutrients store in leaves.
Nutrients supply vitamins.
Nutrients support development.
Nutrients support growth.
Nutrients support health.
Nutrients support life.
Nutrients support plant life.
Nutrients support root growth.
Nutrients support structure and function of the body.
Nutrients suspend and dissolve more quickly if mixed with hot water.
Nutrients taken in by the body are broken down during cell processes.
Nutrients taken in large doses become drugs and can have severe side effects.
Nutrients taken simultaneously can inhibit each other.
Nutrients tend to build up within an impounded system more quickly than in free-flowing systems.
Nutrients travel from the mother to the developing child, but blood never passes.
Nutrients used on farm fields infiltrate the Mississippi River via lakes and streams.
Nutrients vary slightly with each flavor.
Nutrients wash out of it easily, leaving little for plants to use.
Nutrients work in complex synergies.
Nutrients work only by interaction with other nutrients.
Nutrients often enter the food chain with plants and are very important for plant and animal growth.
All nutrients are absolutely necessary to life.
All nutrients are either antagonistic or synergistic with other nutrients.
All nutrients are important to ensure as easy and productive a lambing season as possible.
All nutrients are water-soluble, making it an immediate plant food.
All nutrients are within an acceptable range for use in greenhouse applications.
All nutrients have cellular antioxidant capability.
All nutrients needed by the body are available through food.
All nutrients play a crucial role in the maintenance, growth, and wellness of the entire body.
Many nutrients are good sources of antioxidants.
Many nutrients are in forms that are more available and hence useable by the animal.
Many nutrients are often limited and are recycled as organisms grow, shed leaves, and die.
Many nutrients are vital for proper fetal development.
Many nutrients can help support the liver.
Many nutrients come from the soil but carbon comes from the air.
Many nutrients required by plants, such as phosphorous, are static or poorly-mobile in the soil.
Many nutrients work in concert.
More nutrients are available to sustain growth and development.
More nutrients are available, so producers can grow and reproduce more quickly.
More nutrients decreases species diversity.
More nutrients enter the ecosystem as rainwater.
More nutrients result in a greater concentration of phytoplankton in the water.
Most nutrients affect aspects.
Most nutrients affect functions.
Most nutrients affect values.
Most nutrients are absorbed into the blood in the jejunum.
Most nutrients are in the vegetation rather than the soil itself.
Most nutrients are needed by fetuses.
Most nutrients are needed by horses.
Most nutrients are provided by plants.
Most nutrients boost alga growth.
Most nutrients boost growth.
Most nutrients cause growth.
Most nutrients cause nuisance plant growth.
Most nutrients cause plant growth.
Most nutrients come from food.
Most nutrients consist of b vitamins.
Most nutrients consist of vitamins.
Most nutrients contain nitrogen.
Most nutrients contain products.
Most nutrients contain substrate.
Most nutrients contain vitamins.
Most nutrients contribute to good health.
Most nutrients contribute to health.
Most nutrients contribute to overall health.
Most nutrients create excretion.
Most nutrients create growth.
Most nutrients do their best work in the body when teamed with other nutrients.
Most nutrients encourage growth.
Most nutrients encourage hair growth.
Most nutrients encourage healthy growth.
Most nutrients encourage healthy hair growth.
Most nutrients enhance growth.
Most nutrients enhance hair growth.
Most nutrients enter blood.
Most nutrients enter bloodstreams.
Most nutrients find in food.
Most nutrients find in seafood.
Most nutrients find in spinach.
Most nutrients find in whole food.
Most nutrients have direct impact.
Most nutrients have impact.
Most nutrients have large impact.
Most nutrients help energy.
Most nutrients help growth.
Most nutrients help hair growth.
Most nutrients help health.
Most nutrients help infection.
Most nutrients help oxidation.
Most nutrients help performance.
Most nutrients help prevent defects.
Most nutrients help prevent diseases.
Most nutrients help prevent sperm defects.
Most nutrients help roundworm infection.
Most nutrients help teeth.
Most nutrients improve availability.
Most nutrients improve functions.
Most nutrients improve growth.
Most nutrients improve hair growth.
Most nutrients improve mental functions.
Most nutrients improve performance.
Most nutrients increase performance.
Most nutrients interfere with uptake.
Most nutrients lead to development.
Most nutrients lead to excessive growth.
Most nutrients lead to excessive phytoplankton growth.
Most nutrients lead to growth.
Most nutrients lead to health.
Most nutrients lead to ill health.
Most nutrients lead to phytoplankton growth.
Most nutrients lead to poor growth.
Most nutrients pass from intestines.
Most nutrients pass through intestines.
Most nutrients pass through the body without being assimilated if the liver is weak.
Most nutrients pass to intestines.
Most nutrients pass to large intestines.
Most nutrients play important roles.
Most nutrients play roles.
Most nutrients prevent deficiencies.
Most nutrients prevent illnesses.
Most nutrients prevent osteoporosises.
Most nutrients produce growth.
Most nutrients protect against cancer.
Most nutrients protect against diseases.
Most nutrients protect against heart diseases.
Most nutrients provide benefits.
Most nutrients provide calories.
Most nutrients provide energy.
Most nutrients provide fertilizer.
Most nutrients provide health benefits.
Most nutrients provide health.
Most nutrients provide many benefits.
Most nutrients provide many other benefits.
Most nutrients provide nutrition.
Most nutrients provide other benefits.
Most nutrients provide protection.
Most nutrients provide vitamins.
Most nutrients require for antler growth.
Most nutrients require for crop growth.
Most nutrients require for growth.
Most nutrients require for healthy growth.
Most nutrients require for milk synthesis.
Most nutrients require for phytoplankton growth.
Most nutrients require for plant growth.
Most nutrients require for synthesis.
Most nutrients stimulate excessive growth.
Most nutrients stimulate excessive plant growth.
Most nutrients stimulate growth.
Most nutrients stimulate phytoplankton growth.
Most nutrients stimulate plant growth.
Most nutrients support development.
Most nutrients support growth.
Most nutrients support health.
Most nutrients support life.
Most nutrients support plant life.
Most nutrients support root growth.
Some nutrients affect health.
Some nutrients affect status.
Some nutrients are consumed by pigs.
Some nutrients are more prone than others to loss or destruction.
Some nutrients are natural and some are caused by human activity.
Some nutrients are needed by lambs.
Some nutrients are of higher priority than others.
Some nutrients are particularly hard to test for.
Some nutrients are particularly important for strengthening the immune system.
Some nutrients are provided by asparagus.
Some nutrients are provided by basils.
Some nutrients are provided by broccolis.
Some nutrients are provided by cantaloupe.
Some nutrients are provided by celery.
Some nutrients are provided by dill.
Some nutrients are provided by gingers.
Some nutrients are provided by grapefruit.
Some nutrients are provided by spinach.
Some nutrients are very deficient while others are only somewhat deficient.
Some nutrients become biomass.
Some nutrients can be toxic at high concentrations.
Some nutrients can be toxic to animals at high concentrations.
Some nutrients cause big problems.
Some nutrients cause diseases.
Some nutrients cause fatigue.
Some nutrients cause gas production.
Some nutrients cause heart diseases.
Some nutrients cause pollution problems.
Some nutrients cause problems.
Some nutrients cause production.
Some nutrients come from labs.
Some nutrients come from natural sources.
Some nutrients come from point sources.
Some nutrients come from sources.
Some nutrients contain chromium.
Some nutrients contain fertilizer.
Some nutrients containing such building blocks are copper, manganese, selenium, and zinc.
Some nutrients contribute to pollution.
Some nutrients contribute to water pollution.
Some nutrients dissolve and are carried by water.
Some nutrients dissolve in sea water.
Some nutrients dissolve in water.
Some nutrients enhance the parasympathetic nervous system others enhance the sympathetic branch.
Some nutrients enter water.
Some nutrients find in beef.
Some nutrients find in grass feed beef.
Some nutrients find in green tea.
Some nutrients find in milk.
Some nutrients find in parsleys.
Some nutrients find in potato.
Some nutrients find in tea.
Some nutrients find in vegetables.
Some nutrients have effects.
Some nutrients have odd odors and the overall taste is salty and a bit metallic.
Some nutrients have protective effects.
Some nutrients have specific pharmacologic effects at high dosages.
Some nutrients have to be filtered out of the water.
Some nutrients help chances.
Some nutrients help cholesterol.
Some nutrients help defects.
Some nutrients help diseases.
Some nutrients help heart diseases.
Some nutrients help inflammation.
Some nutrients help moisture.
Some nutrients help plants.
Some nutrients help sperm defects.
Some nutrients improve night vision.
Some nutrients improve vision.
Some nutrients increase primary productivity.
Some nutrients increase productivity.
Some nutrients interfere with assay in saliva.
Some nutrients leach into the soil where they can remain for years.
Some nutrients lead to deficiencies.
Some nutrients leave the farm in milk, but most are excreted in manure and remain on the farm.
Some nutrients limit alga growth.
Some nutrients limit growth.
Some nutrients limit phytoplankton growth.
Some nutrients move towards roots in soil water by the process of mass flow.
Some nutrients pass from villuses.
Some nutrients play more roles in one system than others, but all play roles.
Some nutrients precipitate out.
Some nutrients prevent cancer.
Some nutrients promote fungal growth.
Some nutrients promote growth.
Some nutrients promote hair growth.
Some nutrients promote vegetative growth.
Some nutrients protect against asthma.
Some nutrients protect hearts.
Some nutrients protect retinas.
Some nutrients provide carbohydrates.
Some nutrients provide food.
Some nutrients provide milk.
Some nutrients reduce aquatic biodiversity.
Some nutrients reduce biodiversity.
Some nutrients reduce cost.
Some nutrients reduce production cost.
Some nutrients require for development.
Some nutrients require for embryo development.
Some nutrients require intestinal juice.
Some nutrients require juice.
Some nutrients run off over the ground into the body of water.
Some nutrients specifically work the opposite to some chemotherapies.
Some nutrients store in short stems.
Some nutrients store in stems.
Some nutrients store in swell stems.
Some nutrients supply energy and regulate cellular activity.
Some nutrients take places.
Some nutrients use plants.
Nutrition assessments require expertise.
Nutrition bars are also available.
Nutrition counselors ask people.
Nutrition counselors help effects.
Nutrition counselors provide information.
Nutrition counselors use different methods.
Nutrition counselors use methods.
Nutrition education grows in importance with the child's age.
Nutrition education helps children be aware of what they eat and learn to make wise food choices.
Nutrition education improves cardiovascular health in elementary school children.
Nutrition education is a complex area with many factors influencing eating patterns.
Nutrition education is a very important part of our program.
Nutrition education is also available and is personalized to meet specific needs of each household.
Nutrition education is an integral component of culinary education at all campuses.
Nutrition education is an integral part of all the programs.
Nutrition education is given.
Nutrition education is just one component of the program.
Nutrition education is offered at elementary schools, after-school programs and summer camps.
Nutrition education is part of our program.
Nutrition education is part of the solution for both the eating disorders and obesity.
Nutrition education is promoted in all classrooms and is offered to parents.
Nutrition education is weak.
Nutrition education serves as an example.
Nutrition education stresses the relationship between proper nutrition and good health.
Nutrition education teaches better uses of resources that are already available to the family.
Nutrition experts emphasize importance.
Nutrition experts recommend products.
Nutrition Facts shown are for the mix only.
Nutrition information is available through worksite and community forums and events and the media.
Nutrition information is detailed with each recipe.
Nutrition information is disseminated through all basic health units.
Nutrition information seems to be changing quickly, too.
Some nutrition information is provided in Spanish.
Nutrition labels can be very helpful in making healthy food choices.
Nutrition researchers work with patients.
Nutrition specialists prepare meals to individual dietary specification.
Nutrition specialists provide food and nutrition guidance.
Nutrition therapy improves outcomes.
Nutrition activates mitotic and endoreplicative cells by distinct mechanisms.
Nutrition adds another.
Nutrition affects body size and hair luxuriance.
Nutrition affects bones.
Nutrition affects compositions.
Nutrition affects functions.
Nutrition affects health.
Nutrition affects juvenile survival.
Nutrition affects outcomes.
Nutrition affects overall health and the risk for developing several chronic diseases.
Nutrition affects quality.
Nutrition affects sheep.
Nutrition affects survival.
Nutrition affects teeth during development.
Nutrition affects teeth.
Nutrition affects total lifetime productivity of sheep by influencing mature size.
Nutrition also can play a role in cavity formation.
Nutrition also can play a vital role in bone development and maintenance.
Nutrition also influences litter quality.
Nutrition also plays a central role in aging.
Nutrition also plays a key role.
Nutrition also plays a role in criminal behavior.
Nutrition also plays an important role in aging and the prevention of disease.
Nutrition also plays an important role in the postpartum reproductive performance of dairy cattle.
Nutrition also suffers and vitamin and mineral deficiencies are frequent.
Nutrition also suffers, and vitamin and mineral deficiencies are frequent.
Nutrition appears to be absorbed dermally, or possibly directly injected.
Nutrition appears to influence susceptibility to malaria and affects the course of the infection.
Nutrition appears to play a role in the health of the macula.
Nutrition appears to play an influential role in sensitivity to arsenic carcinogenesis.
Nutrition becomes a moot point if people don t have access to food.
Nutrition becomes easier, since the greatest nutritional challenge occurs in early lactation.
Nutrition begins with food.
Nutrition can affect the mind in positive or negative ways.
Nutrition can also affect susceptibility.
Nutrition can be a factor in all of the changes noted above.
Nutrition can be a key factor.
Nutrition can be a limiting factor in lamb growth and performance.
Nutrition can be a problem as well.
Nutrition can be a significant problem and the solution is to opt for frequent small feedings.
Nutrition can be a very frustrating part of training.
Nutrition can be an essential part of treatment.
Nutrition can be an important adjunctive treatment.
Nutrition can become a family concern.
Nutrition can certainly make the body have a stronger immune system by eating good wholesome foods.
Nutrition can have a dramatic effect on testicle size.
Nutrition can have an influence on cattle lameness.
Nutrition can help enhance athletic performance.
Nutrition can help prevent lead poisoning.
Nutrition can help strengthen the immune system and can help fight off opportunistic infections.
Nutrition can make medical therapy less toxic to the body's good cells and more toxic to the cancer.
Nutrition can most definitely play a supporting role in the treatment of cancer.
Nutrition can play a big part in reducing stress.
Nutrition can play a role in alleviating some of the symptoms of depression.
Nutrition can play a role in the extent and severity of periodontal disease once it has begun.
Nutrition can play a small role in the development of gum disease.
Nutrition carries only one credit unit in the second preclinical year.
Nutrition claims e.g. low fat can be helpful when used with the above.
Nutrition Come Alive.
Nutrition comes from proteins.
Nutrition comes from vitamins.
Nutrition comes into emergency medicine all the time.
Nutrition comes into it.
Nutrition concerns everything that the body does with food to sustain life and growth.
Nutrition concerns the needs of the whole person.
Nutrition Consider the nutritious aspect of the meal also when choosing the foods for the menu.
Nutrition contains essential vitamins.
Nutrition contains vitamins.
Nutrition contributes to ability.
Nutrition correlates with wound healing.
Nutrition Counseling Our dietitian is available for free nutrition counseling.
Nutrition Covers the principles of good nutrition for all age groups.
Nutrition definitely contributes to raging behavior.
Nutrition depends on agriculture, and that in turn depends on having information and knowledge.
Nutrition Discuss the value of good nutrition for both mother and baby during pregnancy.
Nutrition does make a difference in antler growth.
Nutrition does play a key role.
Nutrition Eat a balanced diet including plenty of fresh vegetables and fruits.
Nutrition Eat a balanced diet including whole foods that are rich in vitamin C .
Nutrition Eat a balanced diet rich in whole foods, fruits, and fresh vegetables.
Nutrition Eat a well balanced daily intake of good food.
Nutrition Eat a well balanced diet rich in whole foods, fresh vegetables and fruits.
Nutrition Eat balanced meals, regular meals.
Nutrition Eat more slowly.
Nutrition Eat several smaller meals throughout the day.
Nutrition Eat small amounts.
Nutrition Eat well and stay healthy.
Nutrition Eat Well.
Nutrition enables our body to make gains in size, strength, endurance and conditioning.
Nutrition enhances functions.
Nutrition enhances performance.
Nutrition enhances structure functions.
Nutrition ensures health.
Nutrition even has an impact on memory and athletic function.
Nutrition Explain the importance of food labels.
Nutrition Find out which nutrients are best.
Nutrition forms part of medical treatment but also of care.
Nutrition fuels the body for daily living and peak performance.
Nutrition Get the facts on proper nutrition for infants, children, teens, and adults.
Nutrition Give the child a balanced, nutritious diet based on healthy, whole foods.
Nutrition gives many women a much better option.
Nutrition happens to be one of the best weapons in the prevention of asthmatic episodes.
Nutrition has a direct bearing upon reproductive performance.
Nutrition has a direct effect on a heifers growth and future production.
Nutrition has a direct effect on the animal's quality of life.
Nutrition has a direct impact on the potency of the sperm.
Nutrition has a lot to do with feeling mentally positive.
Nutrition has an enormous impact on energy levels and performance.
Nutrition has an important effect on most chronic diseases, which are the leading causes of death.
Nutrition has effects.
Nutrition has health.
Nutrition has measurable effects.
Nutrition has no influence on some diseases but is closely linked to others.
Nutrition has productivity.
Nutrition has roles.
Nutrition has the biggest impact on production.
Nutrition has to do with how organisms obtain the materials necessary for energy, growth, etc.
Nutrition helps As always, diet is important.
Nutrition helps children.
Nutrition helps health.
Nutrition helps healthy pregnancy.
Nutrition helps pregnancy.
Nutrition impacts the quality of colostrum produced by the female.
Nutrition improves health.
Nutrition improves quality.
Nutrition includes a prudent carbohydrate-based diet with fresh fruit and vegetables.
Nutrition includes grass hay and a urea based protein supplement.
Nutrition Includes information on diabetes nutrition, renal nutrition, general nutrition, and more.
Nutrition includes minerals.
Nutrition includes other minerals.
Nutrition includes various minerals.
Nutrition includes various other minerals.
Nutrition influences a child's development, health status, well-being and potential for learning.
Nutrition influences birth weight.
Nutrition influences deficiencies.
Nutrition influences hypertension.
Nutrition influences the chemistry that determines what is available to the system.
Nutrition influences weight.
Nutrition involves eating more whole foods and less carbohydrates and sugars.
Nutrition involves modification.
Nutrition is . . .
Nutrition is a basic component of quality health care.
Nutrition is a basic example in that poor nutrition usually results in poor performance.
Nutrition is a big factor.
Nutrition is a big part of everyday meals.
Nutrition is a big part of health, and some suggestions are given to improve the diet.
Nutrition is a branch of science devoted to the study of nutrients.
Nutrition is a complex specialty and can be studied briefly or extensively.
Nutrition is a complicated subject.
Nutrition is a complicated topic.
Nutrition is a concern among the elderly because the sense of taste and smell are the first to go.
Nutrition is a concern.
Nutrition is a cornerstone of diabetes management.
Nutrition is a delicate area.
Nutrition is a fact of life for all organisms.
Nutrition is a factor for the onset of puberty and menarche.
Nutrition is a fascinating, much talked about subject.
Nutrition is a field full of conflicting information.
Nutrition is a focus.
Nutrition is a functional aspect of health.
Nutrition is a fundamental component of our preventive health program.
Nutrition is a great factor in keeping children healthy.
Nutrition is a growing field and provides many career opportunities.
Nutrition is a huge issue for caregivers.
Nutrition is a key component of any muscle building or fat loss phase.
Nutrition is a key component of health.
Nutrition is a key determinant of school progress and success.
Nutrition is a key element in any strategy to reduce the global burden of disease.
Nutrition is a key factor in maintaining bone health and quality of life.
Nutrition is a key factor in the perfor- mance, health, and welfare of dairy cattle.
Nutrition is a key lifestyle tool to improve health and reduce disease risk.
Nutrition is a key prevention strategy.
Nutrition is a major element of life and plays a vital role in growth and development.
Nutrition is a major focus in healing.
Nutrition is a modern science which developed enormously during the twentieth century.
Nutrition is a particularly important concern.
Nutrition is a precondition of education.
Nutrition is a primary factor in the health of the mother and the baby.
Nutrition is a science that is always changing.
Nutrition is a science that is constantly evolving-just as cancer treatments are evolving.
Nutrition is a science.
Nutrition is a specialised field and research into nutrition is a growing.
Nutrition is a top priority.
Nutrition is a very complex science.
Nutrition is a very complicated category.
Nutrition is a very important aspect of unconventional therapies.
Nutrition is a very important component to our wellness program.
Nutrition is a very important key to maintaining a healthy body.
Nutrition is a vital link in achieving high conception rates.
Nutrition is a young science.
Nutrition is achieved in various ways by different forms of life.
Nutrition is actually part of the digestive system and is important to keep the platypus healthy.
Nutrition is addressed and how it relates to the patients individual health care concerns.
Nutrition is all about changing patterns gradually.
Nutrition is also a key factor in the development of heart disease.
Nutrition is also an important factor in the development of orthopedic disease.
Nutrition is also an important factor to consider in a total wellness program.
Nutrition is also important here as well.
Nutrition is also important.
Nutrition is also key to a long healthy life-span.
Nutrition is also of concern to sports dentistry.
Nutrition is also on the forefront of consumer food concerns.
Nutrition is also part of the health curriculum in New Brunswick schools.
Nutrition is also the science dealing with food and nourishment of people or animals.
Nutrition is also the science involved with the study of foods and their relationship to health.
Nutrition is also very important.
Nutrition is always a challenge for college students.
Nutrition is always a concern.
Nutrition is an absolutely critical part to healthy living.
Nutrition is an active field of research, with more being learned every day about the body's needs.
Nutrition is an applied science.
Nutrition is an entirely different topic.
Nutrition is an essential component for health and well being.
Nutrition is an essential ingredient of good health.
Nutrition is an essential key to optimum health, as well as disease prevention.
Nutrition is an essential part of preparation.
Nutrition is an extremely complex subject.
Nutrition is an extremely personal event.
Nutrition is an important aspect in treating and maintaining healthy animals.
Nutrition is an important component of a sound reproduction program.
Nutrition is an important component of health promotion and health care.
Nutrition is an important environmental factor that influences health and well-being.
Nutrition is an important factor in living a healthy lifestyle.
Nutrition is an important factor in maintaining good health.
Nutrition is an important part of boarding life at Prep.
Nutrition is an important part of cancer treatment and recovery.
Nutrition is an important part of cancer treatment.
Nutrition is an important part of it.
Nutrition is an important part of maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
Nutrition is an important part of the treatment plan.
Nutrition is an important piece of optimal health.
Nutrition is an integral component of a healthy lifestyle.
Nutrition is an integral part of good health, food is the primary concern of mankind.
Nutrition is an integral part of the program.
Nutrition is an issue too, although less so if the trip is only for a couple of days.
Nutrition is analyzed.
Nutrition is another area where the market is liable to change.
Nutrition is another bearing to Chinese cooking.
Nutrition is another external factor causing cancer.
Nutrition is another important issue.
Nutrition is available for raw, cooked, canned, and commercially prepared food items.
Nutrition is balanced with nouveau cuisine to offer a menu that is filled with surprises.
Nutrition is based on individual needs, following nutritional and medical evaluations.
Nutrition is better.
Nutrition is both a science and an art.
Nutrition is built of basic building blocks.
Nutrition is but one of many attributes people consider in their food choices.
Nutrition is by absorption.
Nutrition is by feeding on the blood of the host.
Nutrition is central to health and well-being.
Nutrition is certainly one area in which common knowledge has been lacking.
Nutrition is cited with increasing frequency as a cause of poor reproduction.
Nutrition is considered and sugar content is kept to a minimum.
Nutrition is covered as well as the biochemistry of bone and muscle.
Nutrition is covered with an emphasis on meal planning.
Nutrition is critical during fetal development.
Nutrition is critical to living a healthy lifestyle.
Nutrition is critical.
Nutrition is critically important in the growth and development of youth and adolescents.
Nutrition is crucial in promoting repair and growth of lung tissue.
Nutrition is crucial.
Nutrition is definitely our greatest key to prevention.
Nutrition is discussed as it applies to each obstetrical stage.
Nutrition is discussed.
Nutrition is essential for effective learning every day, all year long.
Nutrition is essential for growth and development, health, and well-being.
Nutrition is essential for the recovery of oiled birds.
Nutrition is essential to good health and vitality.
Nutrition is essential to health.
Nutrition is essential to life.
Nutrition is essential to maintaining a thriving flock.
Nutrition is essential while a patient receives drug and radiation therapy.
Nutrition is everything.
Nutrition is extremely important during recovery from labor and delivery.
Nutrition is extremely important to combat loss of weight and condition as a horse ages.
Nutrition is extremely important to individual health.
Nutrition is focused on while new training methods are taught.
Nutrition is fundamental to a healthy mental outlook.
Nutrition is generally the poorest in the winter and best in the fall and spring.
Nutrition is holo- zoic on bacteria.
Nutrition is holozoic, a deep groove leading down to a mouth and pharynx.
Nutrition is holozoic, with other minute organisms being ingested by a mouth.
Nutrition is ignored in medical schools.
Nutrition is important and diet is important.
Nutrition is important at all stages of the life cycle.
Nutrition is important at every stage of life.
Nutrition is important because it supports the optimal functioning of organs, muscles and tissues.
Nutrition is important for all cats, but large breed kittens require the best recipes when growing.
Nutrition is important for maintaining crew health before, during, and after long term space flight.
Nutrition is important here as well.
Nutrition is important in all stages of the life style.
Nutrition is important in both cases.
Nutrition is important in keeping teeth and gums healthy.
Nutrition is important in maintaining stamina for an all-day shopping spree.
Nutrition is important in preventing disease and weight management.
Nutrition is important in sports.
Nutrition is important in the prevention and treatment of disease.
Nutrition is important throughout the life cycle.
Nutrition is important to good health .
Nutrition is important to gum health.
Nutrition is important to hospitalized patients and is often overlooked.
Nutrition is important to the work of the centers.
Nutrition is important when cycling.
Nutrition is important, for baby and mother as well.
Nutrition is important.
Nutrition is in essence chemico-physical, especially concerned with the phenomena.
Nutrition is integrated into patient care with emphasis on aspects of disease prevention.
Nutrition is just one aspect of total body health.
Nutrition is key to maintaining physiology on the ground, and it is even more critical in flight.
Nutrition is key to staying healthy during the race week.
Nutrition is key to weight loss, to slowing the aging process, and to preventing disease.
Nutrition is key, as well.
Nutrition is key.
Nutrition is medical science.
Nutrition is microphageal.
Nutrition is monitored and tailored to the individual.
Nutrition is more than making hunger pangs disappear.
Nutrition is mostly holozoic, some are parasite.
Nutrition is no exception.
Nutrition is no less important.
Nutrition is of poor quality.
Nutrition is of primary importance.
Nutrition is of significant importance to college and university foodservice managers.
Nutrition is often a major issue and concern of terminally ill patients and their families.
Nutrition is one area where a person with cancer can actively do something to help recovery.
Nutrition is one area where the patient can take control.
Nutrition is one of many factors contributing to the development and progression of osteoporosis.
Nutrition is one of the greatest weapons against disease.
Nutrition is one of the keys to becoming healthy.
Nutrition is one of the many factors that ensures optimal athletic performance.
Nutrition is one of the most crucial components to full-body transformation.
Nutrition is one of the most important aspects in producing healthy, marketable crops.
Nutrition is one of the most important factors in wound repair.
Nutrition is one of the program's main focuses.
Nutrition is one primary factor limiting reproductive efficiency.
Nutrition is part of the whole system of living a healthy life.
Nutrition is particularly important for ventilator-dependent patient.
Nutrition is particularly tricky, and even the experts are still wrangling over the basics.
Nutrition is poor.
Nutrition is powerful medicine.
Nutrition is present in all processes of life.
Nutrition is probably the easiest way to shorten the postpartum period.
Nutrition is probably the most overlooked aspect of treatment in traditional medical practices.
Nutrition is provided by the placenta.
Nutrition is realized through using the food pyramid and discussing good nutrition.
Nutrition is really a very complex subject.
Nutrition is relevant to animal health and to human health.
Nutrition is saprotropic.
Nutrition is saprozoic.
Nutrition is science
Nutrition is science.
Nutrition is second and convenience is down the line.
Nutrition is so important.
Nutrition is something everyone needs.
Nutrition is something that everybody can take control of, unlike injuries or the weather.
Nutrition is sort of like driving a car.
Nutrition is such a flexible, exciting field, and opportunities abound.
Nutrition is such a key to an athlete.
Nutrition is supplied by the nutrient solution, a mixture of pure water and dissolved nutrients.
Nutrition is supplied to the chondrocytes by diffusion .
Nutrition is the answer to many of the health problems plaguing people today.
Nutrition is the basis for good health and prevention of illness.
Nutrition is the basis for life.
Nutrition is the cornerstone for exceptional performance on the baseball field.
Nutrition is the cornerstone of a healthy, long lived dog.
Nutrition is the cornerstone of good health.
Nutrition is the cornerstone of osteoporosis prevention.
Nutrition is the dominant one.
Nutrition is the first pillar.
Nutrition is the foundation to any health program.
Nutrition is the fuel that drives the whole system.
Nutrition is the key element here.
Nutrition is the key to breeding age size.
Nutrition is the key to get the immune system healed so the body can heal itself.
Nutrition is the key to keeping sheep outside in the winter.
Nutrition is the key to making the entire fitness concept complete.
Nutrition is the limiting factor in livestock production.
Nutrition is the link between agriculture and health.
Nutrition is the major contributing factor to healing a skin condition.
Nutrition is the most commonly neglected element of owning a pet bird.
Nutrition is the most complex part of raising goats.
Nutrition is the most important aspect of aviculture.
Nutrition is the most important factor in a dry cow program.
Nutrition is the most important issue in the treatment of chylothorax.
Nutrition is the most important science in medicine.
Nutrition is the most important way to promote health.
Nutrition is the most limiting factor in choosing the best season of year to calve.
Nutrition is the natural bolstering of our own systems.
Nutrition is the other hot button for consumers.
Nutrition is the other key to proper conditioning.
Nutrition is the precondition of education.
Nutrition is the preparation and assimilation of nourishing materials in the gastrointestinal tract.
Nutrition is the primary determinant of health and the backbone of preventive medicine.
Nutrition is the same.
Nutrition is the science that deals with food and how the body uses it.
Nutrition is the science that interprets the relationship of food to the function of the organism.
Nutrition is the solution to healthier livestock.
Nutrition is the source of our energy.
Nutrition is the study of how animals turn their food into living body tissue.
Nutrition is the study of the influence of food intake on health and well-being.
Nutrition is the the key to a successful weight loss.
Nutrition is tremendously important.
Nutrition is very good.
Nutrition is VERY important and plays an important role in their lives and behavior.
Nutrition is very important during a bone marrow transplant so cells can heal and grow.
Nutrition is very important for healthy growth of the body.
Nutrition is very important for the critically ill.
Nutrition is very important in the beginning phase of puberty.
Nutrition is very important in veggie products.
Nutrition is very important to a golfer's concentration and performance.
Nutrition is very important to good vision.
Nutrition is very important to the pregnant and nursing cows, particularly after the long winter.
Nutrition is very important to the pregnant cows, particularly after the long winter.
Nutrition is very important, esp.
Nutrition is very important.
Nutrition is very popular.
Nutrition is very specific to the individual.
Nutrition is viewed as a countermeasure to the deleterious effects of space on the body.
Nutrition is vital in managing diabetes.
Nutrition is vital in taking care of one's body in order to prevent future problems.
Nutrition is vital.
Nutrition is woven into the curriculum as a great way to teach social skills.
Nutrition isa process.
Nutrition just seems to be one of the most controllable factors.
Nutrition knows no boundaries or limitations of disease.
Nutrition leads to better health, which leads to a longer life.
Nutrition leads to lower reproductive success.
Nutrition leads to metabolism.
Nutrition leads to optimal performance.
Nutrition leads to performance.
Nutrition leads to problems.
Nutrition leads to reproductive success.
Nutrition leads to success.
Nutrition Look here for information on healthy eating.
Nutrition makes a big difference in brain development even before the baby is born.
Nutrition makes a big difference in how kids grow, develop and learn.
Nutrition Makes a great birthday cake with whipped cream and cherries.
Nutrition Makes a large batch.
Nutrition means eating well-balanced meals.
Nutrition Needs across the life span.
Nutrition needs change with age.
Nutrition needs during stages of the life cycle.
Nutrition needs in life stages from a human ecological perspective.
Nutrition offers degree programs at the undergraduate, masters', and doctoral level.
Nutrition offers degree programs at the undergraduate, master's, and doctoral level.
Nutrition plays a critical role in the healthy growth and development of young people.
Nutrition plays a crucial role in the development and progression of chronic diseases.
Nutrition plays a huge role.
Nutrition plays a key role in a heifer's ability to reach a target weight and onset of puberty.
Nutrition plays a key role in school performance.
Nutrition plays a large role in affecting milk composition, but there are other factors involved.
Nutrition plays a major part in any treatment, but especially for skin complaints.
Nutrition plays a major role in controlling diabetes.
Nutrition plays a major role in reproductive efficiency.
Nutrition plays a major role in the overall productivity, health, and well-being of the sheep flock.
Nutrition plays a major role.
Nutrition plays a part in the total concept.
Nutrition plays a part in total wellness.
Nutrition plays a prominent role in immune response, and the elderly often suffer from malnutrition.
Nutrition plays a role as well.
Nutrition plays a role in that.
Nutrition plays a significant role in maintaining health.
Nutrition plays a significant role in preventing and treating pressure ulcers.
Nutrition plays a very important part in the preparation for any event.
Nutrition plays a very important part in the prevention and treatment of prostate cancer.
Nutrition plays a vital role in health and in the prevention of radiation-induced cancer.
Nutrition plays a vital role in the healing process.
Nutrition plays a vital role in the management of diabetes.
Nutrition plays a vital role in the prevention and treatment of many diseases.
Nutrition plays an important and crucial role in the management of Neonatal patients.
Nutrition plays an important part in caste development of female bees.
Nutrition plays an important part in the development of a puppy into adulthood.
Nutrition plays an important role in health maintenance of the elderly.
Nutrition plays an important role in keeping cattle healthy and strong.
Nutrition plays an important role in the conditioning program.
Nutrition plays an important role.
Nutrition plays an integral part in that responsibility.
Nutrition plays big roles.
Nutrition plays critical roles.
Nutrition plays important roles.
Nutrition plays key roles.
Nutrition plays major roles.
Nutrition plays pivotal roles.
Nutrition plays roles.
Nutrition plays significant roles.
Nutrition plays such a vital role in maintaining good health.
Nutrition plays vital roles.
Nutrition produces growth.
Nutrition profoundly affects children s ability to learn, develop and stay healthy.
Nutrition profoundly affects children's ability to learn, develop and stay healthy.
Nutrition promotes health.
Nutrition promotes wellnesses.
Nutrition provides a person's body with the raw materials necessary to produce energy.
Nutrition provides energy.
Nutrition provides links to articles, resources, and products.
Nutrition provides protection.
Nutrition quizzes for discussion.
Nutrition really works miracles especially when combined with full body therapy.
Nutrition receive special emphasis.
Nutrition receives special emphasis.
Nutrition related literature is also available to students.
Nutrition relates to human health and the prevention of chronic diseases.
Nutrition remains important throughout life.
Nutrition remains stable.
Nutrition replaces junk food.
Nutrition reports international.
Nutrition represents one of the threads of content being woven throughout the four years.
Nutrition requires for development.
Nutrition Review the section on basic nutrition of the equine in the web site.
Nutrition See more . . .
Nutrition support clinical pathways.
Nutrition supports development.
Nutrition takes on greater importance in the context of chronic illness.
Nutrition therefore has an important role to play in preventative health care.
Nutrition tops the list of preventive measures for age-related eye disorders.
Nutrition uses computers to recommend healthy food choices.
Nutrition View the internet verison converted from the original presentation.
Nutrition always needs to be emphasized as well.
Nutrition often plays a large part in reducing stress.
All nutrition is used producing meat.
Any nutrition is better than starvation.
Most nutrition affects bones.
Most nutrition affects compositions.
Most nutrition affects juvenile survival.
Most nutrition affects outcomes.
Most nutrition affects quality.
Most nutrition affects sheep.
Most nutrition affects survival.
Most nutrition affects teeth.
Most nutrition comes from proteins.
Most nutrition comes from vitamins.
Most nutrition contains essential vitamins.
Most nutrition contains vitamins.
Most nutrition enhances performance.
Most nutrition enhances structure functions.
Most nutrition ensures health.
Most nutrition has effects.
Most nutrition has health.
Most nutrition has measurable effects.
Most nutrition has productivity.
Most nutrition has roles.
Most nutrition helps children.
Most nutrition helps health.
Most nutrition helps healthy pregnancy.
Most nutrition helps pregnancy.
Most nutrition improves health.
Most nutrition improves quality.
Most nutrition includes minerals.
Most nutrition includes other minerals.
Most nutrition includes various minerals.
Most nutrition includes various other minerals.
Most nutrition influences birth weight.
Most nutrition involves modification.
Most nutrition is moderate and common sense.
Most nutrition leads to lower reproductive success.
Most nutrition leads to metabolism.
Most nutrition leads to optimal performance.
Most nutrition leads to performance.
Most nutrition leads to problems.
Most nutrition leads to reproductive success.
Most nutrition leads to success.
Most nutrition plays big roles.
Most nutrition plays critical roles.
Most nutrition plays important roles.
Most nutrition plays key roles.
Most nutrition plays major roles.
Most nutrition plays pivotal roles.
Most nutrition plays roles.
Most nutrition plays significant roles.
Most nutrition plays vital roles.
Most nutrition produces growth.
Most nutrition promotes health.
Most nutrition promotes wellnesses.
Most nutrition provides energy.
Most nutrition provides protection.
Most nutrition requires for development.
Most nutrition supports development.
Some nutrition affects bonds.
Some nutrition comes from blood.
Some nutrition consists of pasta.
Some nutrition has goals.
Some nutrition has quality.
Some nutrition has same quality.
Some nutrition helps birds.
Some nutrition helps degeneration.
Some nutrition is provided by absorbing nutrients directly from the water with the tentacles.
Some nutrition needs for health.
Some nutrition needs for lifelong health.
Some nutrition provides education.
Some nutrition provides nutrition education.
Some nutrition provides services.
Some nutrition requires products.
Nutritional activities allow a convenient appraisal of the most significant activities.
Nutritional advice is individualized and varies according to the needs of the patient at the time.
Nutritional advice is offered as well as breath work and exercise recommendations.
Nutritional alterations are the primary concern and focus of prevention.
Nutritional analyses accompany each recipe.
Nutritional analysis accompanies each recipe.
Nutritional analysis includes the fiber and fat content in each recipe.
Nutritional analysis is given for each portion.
Nutritional analysis is much, much easier and more useful.
Nutritional analysis is utilized.
Nutritional anemia is implicated in low physical and mental performance.
Nutritional anthropology is a field growing in scope and number of practitioners.
Nutritional assessment is monitored per each visit and referrals made as necessary.
Nutritional assessment is stressed.
Nutritional balance is also important in the prevention of cancer.
Nutritional balance is more important for institutional operations than commercial operations.
Nutritional benefits vary from one person to another.
Nutritional care is an integral part of health service delivery.
Nutritional care is fairly easy for a ferret.
Many nutritional circles consider that an alkaline body is less likely to succumb to disease.
Nutritional complications are also common in Crohn's disease.
Nutritional complications are common in Crohn's disease.
Many nutritional components are highly sensitive to heat and are destroyed by normal grinding.
Nutritional concerns are probably the major issue the industry faces.
Nutritional condition influences investment by male katydids in nuptial food gifts.
Nutritional consultants help devise menus tailored to meet psychological profiles.
Nutritional content can vary greatly in fruits and vegetables across the country.
Nutritional content is an example that relates to the product's usual composition or identity.
Nutritional content varies very slightly between Betastatin flavors.
Nutritional counseling is also available by appointment.
Nutritional counseling is also available for patients with high risk nutritional problems.
Nutritional counseling is also available.
Nutritional counseling is available by appointment.
Nutritional counseling is available to evaluate and assist patients with dietary concerns.
Nutritional counseling is available.
Nutritional counseling is offered monthly.
Nutritional counseling is provided for a fee and is covered by some insurance companies.
Nutritional counselling can also help to relieve the symptoms of environmental allergies.
Nutritional counselors provide evaluation and instruction regarding patients' dietary needs.
Nutritional crises result and dependency on food assistance increases.
Nutritional data is given.
Nutritional deficiencies are almost never a cause of hair loss.
Nutritional deficiencies are another possible cause.
Nutritional deficiencies are common due to malabsorption.
Nutritional deficiencies are common in rosacea.
Nutritional deficiencies are common problems among reptile pets.
Nutritional deficiencies are rare, even if the problem of iron is still important.
Nutritional deficiencies are widespread among nursing home residents.
Nutritional deficiencies can adversely affect the brain and the emotions.
Nutritional deficiencies can also cause immune compromise.
Nutritional deficiencies can cause seizures.
Nutritional deficiencies can have severe and permanent effects on brain function.
Nutritional deficiencies can severely affect memory, especially minerals.
Nutritional deficiencies cause disease.
Nutritional deficiencies cause hardening of the arteries.
Nutritional deficiencies create imbalances in body chemistry.
Nutritional deficiencies develop as a result of the complications of the disease.
Nutritional deficiencies increase the likelihood of animals to exhibit nitrate toxicity.
Nutritional deficiencies weaken eliminative organs.
Nutritional deficiency can alter tear composition and be improved following supplementation.
Nutritional deficiency can lower resistance and increase the risk of certain types of cancers.
Nutritional deficiency has long-term negative health effects and it is well hidden.
Nutritional deficiency is believed to be a leading cause of disease, both physical and mental.
Any nutritional deficiencies can lead to thinning hair or even total baldness.
Nutritional deficit is a common problem.
Nutritional deficits can occur because of a condition called malabsorption.
Nutritional demands increase greatly in late gestation and even more in early lactation.
Nutritional density is based on the ratio between total population and inhabited areas.
Nutritional density is the number of persons per cultivated land.
Nutritional depletion can make it easier for infection to occur.
Nutritional deprivation causes calcium loss from bones, which become brittle and prone to breakage.
Nutritional details are available in company studies.
Any nutritional disobedience causes degeneration.
Nutritional disorders are also a common cause of death, especially in children.
Nutritional disorders are the result of inadequate, improper or excessive amounts of certain foods.
Nutritional distributors agree that an eroding downline can lead to frustration.
Nutritional diversity is greater among prokaryotes than among all eukaryotes.
Nutritional drinks come in opaque sports bottles to mask the amounts.
Nutritional education is a very important aspect of our total program.
Nutritional education is a very important aspect of the total program.
Nutritional education is essential for both the child and parents.
Nutritional education is up for hire.
Nutritional epidemiology focuses on the relationship between our diet and our health.
Nutritional evaluation is also available.
Nutritional evaluation is required to make sure replacement needs are being met.
Nutritional factors are among the most important influences on primate food choice.
Nutritional factors can influence drug effects.
Nutritional factors play a certain role in prostate health.
Nutritional guidance is needed during dietary transition in early childhood.
Nutritional guides are available upon request.
Nutritional habits show positive changes.
Nutritional healing has no adverse side affects.
Nutritional hype is everywhere.
Nutritional imbalance can be one of the main causes of feather plucking.
Nutritional imbalances can delay healing or even cause unexpected scarring.
Nutritional imbalances can lead to a variety of physical and behavioral problems.
Nutritional imbalances can result in anxiety, panic attacks and phobias.
Nutritional inferiority can be a subtle factor in the slow diminution of resources.
Nutritional information is also available.
Nutritional information is available at the counter.
Nutritional information is available for each item served.
Nutritional information is available for select menu items.
Nutritional information is available from the U.S. government.
Nutritional information is available on the label.
Nutritional information is available online by clicking here .
Nutritional information is entered in a database.
Nutritional information is given for all recipes, and most are low in fat.
Nutritional information is given on all the vegetables also.
Nutritional information is in English and Spanish.
Nutritional information is included for each recipe.
Nutritional information is included with each recipe.
Nutritional information is included with each recipes.
Nutritional information is included.
Nutritional information is posted for all meals.
Nutritional information is posted for each recipe as menued.
Nutritional information is presented in everyday language.
Nutritional information is printed on food items.
Nutritional information is provided as guideline information only.
Nutritional information is provided at the end of each recipe.
Nutritional information is provided for each recipe as well.
Nutritional information is provided for the recipes.
Nutritional information is provided.
Nutritional information is sorted alphabeticaly by menu item.
Nutritional information prefaces the main subject of each section.
More nutritional information follows the list of ingredients.
More nutritional information is available on the product or label.
Nutritional insufficiencies are also a major factor in any chronic illness.
Nutritional insurance is important for increased stamina, energy and good health.
Nutritional intake is minimal.
Nutritional intervention is know to be effective in preventing and treating heart disease in women.
Nutritional intervention remains the mainstay of nonoperative treatment.
Nutritional issues are important for the industry.
Nutritional labels require food makers to list sodium content.
Nutritional level is a major factor.
Nutritional levels are an important part of the results.
Nutritional levels are lower for females than for males.
Nutritional lunch is served each day at noon.
Nutritional markers are scored, mating type is determined, unusual morphology is noted.
Nutritional misinformation can do as much harm to the ambitious athlete as good nutrition can help.
Nutritional misinformation is so ubiquitous that it is difficult to select a representative book.
Nutritional needs are another concern.
Nutritional needs are unique to every individual.
Nutritional needs continue to change at each stage of life.
Nutritional needs vary by age.
Nutritional needs vary from person to person.
Nutritional needs vary over the course of the pregnancy as well.
Nutritional needs vary.
Nutritional pollution includes sins of both omission and commission.
Nutritional problems are still widespread.
Nutritional problems can also cause difficulty in treating overweight individuals.
Nutritional problems can certainly result.
Nutritional products are nonrefundable.
Nutritional products are to be used as dietary supplements only.
Nutritional program is supervised by a full-time registered dietician.
Nutritional programs are most effective, when tailored for the person or child.
Nutritional quality is more important than taste.
Most nutritional remedies take time to take effect, especially weight loss.
Nutritional requirements are higher during infancy than during any other period.
Nutritional requirements are more than adequately met in all of the pellets listed.
Nutritional requirements are more than adequately met with commercial rabbit feeds.
Nutritional requirements change with age due to the changing hormonal and metabolic rates.
Nutritional requirements depend on various factors.
Nutritional requirements remain high.
Nutritional requirements remain unstudied.
Nutritional requirements vary due to age, gender, weight, goals, and more.
Nutritional requirements vary from person to person and change with age.
Nutritional requirements vary, depending on activity level.
Many nutritional requirements change during pregnancy, and vitamins are no exception.
Nutritional research ranges from field studies to laboratory biochemical studies.
Nutritional reserves regulate male participation in Mediterranean fruit fly leks.
Nutritional responsibility begins with learning to exercise judgment in matters of diet.
Nutritional responsibility calls for maturity and self-sufficiency.
Nutritional risk can also mean a diet-based risk, such as an inadequate dietary pattern.
Nutritional risk can mean one of two things.
Nutritional science has yet to determine exact amounts of chromium in most foods.
Nutritional science investigates the metabolic and physiological responses of the body to diet .
Nutritional science is taught at the advanced level.
Nutritional security is one of the major items on the agenda here.
Nutritional series continues.
Nutritional services are important in the treatment of galactosemia.
Nutritional snacks are available throughout the day.
Nutritional standards are important to maintain a high performance level.
Nutritional status affects branched-chain oxo acid dehydrogenase activity during exercise in humans.
Nutritional status is monitored by estimating food intake.
Nutritional status is still a cause for concern.
Nutritional status is the most important determinant of reproduction in female yaks.
Nutritional status is well known to have an effect on parasitism.
Nutritional status makes all the difference in the world.
Nutritional stress can also favour infection.
Nutritional substances are either of organic or inorganic nature as far as the body is concerned.
Nutritional supplements act gradually with a natural approach.
Nutritional supplements are a necessity to achieve adequate levels of nutrient intake.
Nutritional supplements are also available.
Nutritional supplements are also helpful.
Nutritional supplements are an important part of the medical therapy in treating many conditions .
Nutritional supplements are available in several forms.
Nutritional supplements are available on a regular basis.
Nutritional supplements are essential for everyone, young or old, male or female.
Nutritional supplements are everywhere on the Web.
Nutritional supplements are helpful in lubricating the synovial fluid in the joints.
Nutritional supplements are useful for general health and strength.
Nutritional supplements are very important.
Nutritional supplements can also aid in keeping the eyes healthy.
Nutritional supplements can be dangerous and in some cases deadly to consumers.
Nutritional supplements can be effective and improve lives.
Nutritional supplements can be very important.
Nutritional supplements can fill in other holes.
Nutritional supplements can further decrease risks of all cancers.
Nutritional supplements can greatly aid with health and longevity.
Nutritional supplements can help and a nutritionist can offer other valuable suggestions.
Nutritional supplements can help connective tissues grow and heal.
Nutritional supplements can help in many cases.
Nutritional supplements can help the body fight back by increasing the production of new tissues.
Nutritional supplements can include vitamins, mineral and herbal medicine.
Nutritional supplements can provide a front-line defence in the battle against stress.
Nutritional supplements can work but only if people can t tell a difference in what they re eating.
Nutritional supplements containing vitamin D are readily available.
Nutritional supplements have nothing to do with bladder incontinence.
Nutritional supplements make up the largest and most common of all the supplement groups.
Nutritional supplements play a major role in both emotional and immunological depression.
Nutritional supplements require the yearly renewal of their nutritional history.
Nutritional supplements restore the digestive system to a more positive condition.
Nutritional supplements take a more gradual, gentle, and natural approach.
Nutritional supplements work.
Many nutritional supplements are effective in reducing FMS symptoms.
Most nutritional supplements are expensive, of untested value, and provide no benefits.
Most nutritional supplements contain metallic minerals.
Some nutritional supplements are so powerful that they are best described as anti-aging therapies.
Nutritional support can most definitely help maintain and heal joint tissues.
Nutritional support is an important issue in the management of critically ill patients.
Nutritional support is essential for the treatment of fatty liver disease.
Nutritional support is essential, but the best route remains controversial.
Nutritional support is maintained by an enteral feeding tube.
Nutritional support is paramount to the well-being of patients with renal failure.
Nutritional therapy is a dynamic natural health care system.
Nutritional therapy is a vital requirement for full recovery.
Nutritional therapy is designed to improve the production and utilization of insulin.
Nutritional therapy is discussed.
Nutritional therapy is the best way to manage diverticular disease.
Nutritional therapy recommends supplementing with unsaturated fatty acids like evening primrose oil.
Nutritional therapy saves lives, costs.
Nutritional value is ignored.
Nutritional value is similar to white bread.
Nutritional value varies greatly among commodities and cultivars of each commodity.
Nutritional values reflect reconstituted powder at recommended dilution.
Nutritional values reflect reconstituted powder with iron at recommended dilution.
Nutritional yeast is a good source of B vitamins.
Nutritional yeast is called just that-nutritional yeast and has a kind of cheesey flavor.
Nutritional yeast is yellowish in color and usually comes in flakes.
Some nutritional yeasts can interact with medications .
A nutritionist is a specialist
Nutritionist helps students eat for cognitive power . . .
Nutritionist is a broad term.
Nutritionists advise the widely know herb, fenugreek.
Nutritionists advocate a varied balanced diet for good health both in animals and people.
Nutritionists agree that a healthful diet includes a variety of foods.
Nutritionists agree that beta-carotene does help the body.
Nutritionists agree that Sydney rock oysters are a very healthy food.
Nutritionists agree with each other more than they disagree.
Nutritionists also emphasise the importance of certain foods, vitamins, and minerals.
Nutritionists also warn of a suspected link between food allergies and asthma.
Nutritionists are able to select ingredients on the basis of known nutritional content.
Nutritionists are an important part of the healthcare team.
Nutritionists are available for nutrition counseling.
Nutritionists are available in select counties to provide nutrition therapy counseling.
Nutritionists are concerned that teenagers make healthy food choices.
Nutritionists are divided about the issue.
Nutritionists blame excess weight on poor eating habits and lack of exercise.
Nutritionists can help teach patients about sodium sources and how and where to cut back.
Nutritionists can help with menu planning, body image, family feeding dynamics, and more.
Nutritionists can offer a wealth of information on diet during pregnancy.
Nutritionists caution horse owners that moldy corn is poisonous if fed to horses.
Nutritionists cite overconsumption of fat, sodium and calories as our biggest problem.
Nutritionists claim that normal dietary intake is sufficient.
Nutritionists classify beer as a food.
Nutritionists classify foods for a balanced diet in various categories.
Nutritionists debate soy s health benefits.
Nutritionists debate soy's health benefits.
Nutritionists distinguish between different types of dietary fats, or fats in food.
Nutritionists encourage people to get their vitamins and nutrients from a well-balanced meal.
Nutritionists explain that it's the brain's first shot of fuel for the day.
Nutritionists generally consider it the ideal method of feeding dairy cattle.
Nutritionists hail it as a disease fighter.
Nutritionists have that kind of power.
Nutritionists have yet to agree on an answer.
Nutritionists help plan special diets.
Nutritionists make a sound case for more fish in our diets.
Nutritionists measure the amount of heat produced by metabolizing food in units called kilocalories.
Nutritionists now recommend eating two or more seafood meals a week.
Nutritionists offer nutritional assessment and education.
Nutritionists participate in caring for the animals and maintaining the garden.
Nutritionists play important roles in the public's health.
Nutritionists point out that a toddler needs much smaller amounts of nutrients than an adult.
Nutritionists point to restaurant eating as a major influence on confusion about portion sizes.
Nutritionists provide counseling as needed.
Nutritionists recommend a daily multivitamin mineral supplement as well.
Nutritionists recommend a goal of about one to two pounds a week.
Nutritionists recommend a salad with a meal high in meat or dairy products.
Nutritionists recommend eating a half dozen smaller meals a day, rather than two or three big ones.
Nutritionists recommend eating at least five portions of fruit and vegetables a day.
Nutritionists recommend eating lots of fruits, vegetables, and grains.
Nutritionists recommend healthy eating habits based on individual needs.
Nutritionists recommend keeping track of minerals and taking some supplements if necessary.
Nutritionists recommend spreading the same number of calories out over five or six small meals.
Nutritionists recommend that a significant portion of our diet come from the dairy group.
Nutritionists say such extreme eating habits can be extremely dangerous.
Nutritionists say that a good diet and an exercise program also are key.
Nutritionists say that milk helps fight colon, cervical, lung and stomach cancer.
Nutritionists say that number needs to be doubled.
Nutritionists say the human body can survive without fluid for no more than six days.
Nutritionists say there are also diet strategies to jump-start that comeback.
Nutritionists seem to feel otherwise.
Nutritionists stress variety as an essential component of a healthy, balanced diet.
Nutritionists study the metabolism of foods, i.e. how foods are converted and used by the body.
Nutritionists suggest four or five small meals over three large ones.
Nutritionists suggest only fresh fruits and vegetables for snacks.
Nutritionists suggest that eating fish twice a week can make a big difference.
Nutritionists tend to favor the high-carbo group.
Nutritionists use the ruminal fluid to determine the digestibility of various feed materials.
Nutritionists warn of a suspected link between food allergies and asthma.
Nutritionists usually require the same education and training as dietitians.
Every nutritionist works in their individual way.
Many nutritionist are including peanuts in conjunction with a low fat diet.
Many nutritionists recommend soybeans for their fiber.
Many nutritionists work in the field of food science and technology.
Most nutritionists agree the best approach is to choose from a variety of protein sources.
Most nutritionists are also registered dietitians.
Most nutritionists believe in designing an overall program of supplements.
Most nutritionists have no idea where it comes from.
Most nutritionists prefer the powdered form of glutamine.
Some nutritionists advise eating a little something every four hours to keep blood sugar steady.
Some nutritionists consider Korean cuisine to be the world's best.
Some nutritionists criticize fish and chips, because the meal contains a large amount of fat.
Some nutritionists recommend variety, moderation, and balance in choosing foods.
Some nutritionists tout soy as a key part of a healthy diet.
Some nutritious desserts are baked apples or fresh fruit.
Nutritious diets create effects.
Nutritious diets create positive effects.
Nutritious diets include wheat.
Most nutritious diets create effects.
Most nutritious diets create positive effects.
Some nutritious fluid is secreted by glands.
Some nutritious fluid is secreted by mammary glands.
Nutritious food can be just as quick and easy as fast food.
Nutritious food increases energy.
Nutritious food increases vital energy.
Nutritious food is scarce and children are vulnerable to malnutrition.
Nutritious food is too expensive so people eat substitutes which are less nutritious.
Nutritious foods can keep the heart, colon, and other organs healthy.
Nutritious foods contain vitamins, minerals and disease-fighting phytochemicals.
Nutritious foods form the foundation of a healthy life at every age.
Many nutritious foods are low in fat, salt and sugar but still can be appealing.
Most nutritious food increases energy.
Most nutritious food increases vital energy.
Some nutritious food consists of mollusks.
Nutritious meals allow students to concentrate on their primary goal at school, learning.
Nutritious meals are available at no charge, but small donations are always appreciated.
Nutritious meals are essential to the growth and development of our children.
Nutritious meals are number one in the battle against fatigue.
Nutritious meals have to be combined with regular exercise or sport.
Many nutritious meals can be quick and easy to prepare.
Some nutritious plants contain acid.
Some nutritious plants contain fatty acid.
Nutritious potatoes are firm and well-priced.
Nutritious snacks are an important part of a healthy diet.
Nutritious snacks are available during the day and evening.
Nutritious snacks are available throughout the day.
Nutritious snacks are available.
Nutritious snacks are best for between meals.
Nutritious snacks are part of the secret.
Nutritious snacks are smart ways to get the nutrients and energy needed to work, play and grow.
Nutritious snacks follow the walk, and once a month talks are given on health related matters.
Nutritious snacks provide the hook that bring children into the afterschool program.
Nutritious snacks round out the fun and every session is led by a kid-focused staff.
Nutritious substances contain live organisms.
Nutritious substances contain organisms.
Most nutritious substances contain live organisms.
Most nutritious substances contain organisms.
Nutritious substrate contains matter.
Most nutritious substrate contains matter.
Nutritive arteries supply oxygen and nutrients to the vascular tissues and trabeculae.
Nutritive herbs provide building materials for the cells.
Some nutritive substances find in seeds.
Nutritive sweeteners cause only a small rise in plasma glucose when diabetes is in control.
Nutritive sweeteners have calories and include sugar, fructose, honey and many other sweeteners.
Nutritive sweeteners make foods taste sweet.
Nutritive sweeteners supply calories and energy to the body.
Nutsedge control is excellent.
A nutsedge is a sedge
Nutsedges are perennial weeds that superficially resemble grasses.
Nutshell book uses just that example.
Nutshell densities are low and consist primarily of the relatively early hazelnut.
A nutshell is a shell
Nutshell isa hull.
Nutshells are shells.
Nutshells are used as fuel and in industry.
Nutshells contain fewer footnotes and references than hornbooks.
Nutshells have (part) sections.
Nutshells present the essentials of the law in clear, straightforward language.
All nutshells are available at the circulation desk.
A nutter is an eccentric
Nutter answers requests from England, Turkey, Africa and Russia.
Nutter defines anarchism as personal responsibility coupled with social responsibility.
Nutter moves to suppress the statement.
Nutters are eccentrics.
Nutty characters can be dangerous.
Some nutty flavors come through, but it has bite.
Nutty stuff happens every week.
Nutty theories spread like kudzu.
Nuvalde soils have fine-silty control sections and are on similar positions.
NVidia chips use fewer polygons to render an acceptable looking rounded object.
Nvidia chips use fewer polygons to render an acceptable-looking rounded object.
NVRA cases are also pending in California, Michigan, Mississippi and Pennsylvania.
NWAC scientists work to develop and evaluate diagnostic methods and disease treatments.
NWHO clinics provide a sound alternative to the high cost of inpatient care.
NWTV programming varies to reflect the interests of the students involved.
NXOR gates aim to pass the result of the next bit pair if the pair in the current stage are equal.
Nyala bulls make use of the lateral presentation when they encounter each other and want to 'fight'.
Nyala also react to the warning calls from other species such as impala , baboons, and kudu.
Nyala also relies on the alarm calls produced by baboons, impala and kudu to avoid predators.
Nyala are a shy species which inhabit areas of dense thicket and forest, so they can hide easily.
Nyala are a type of antelope with spiral horns.
Nyala are African antelope with a hair-trigger flight response used to escape from predators.
Nyala are almost exclusively browsers of leaves except when grass shouts are young and green.
Nyala are both grazers and browsers.
Nyala are browsers and grazers, eating fruits, pods, twigs, flowers, grasses and leaves.
Nyala are extremely sexually dimorphic, the two sexes looking entirely different.
Nyala are found near dense bush in the dry savanna woodlands of southern Africa.
Nyala are native to many other parts of South Africa.
Nyala are noted for their striking white body striping and long, bushy tail with white underside.
Nyala are very shy and cautious.
Nyala currently have a more limited distribution than they have had in the past.
Nyala eats early in the morning and late in the evening.
Nyala has long ears and excellent sense of hearing.
Nyala have a localized distribution, occupying some parts of southeastern Africa.
Nyala have a very shy, reclusive nature, approaching open spaces with caution.
Nyala have some white vertical stripes and spots, the pattern of which varies.
Nyala is a type of antelope that belongs to the bovid family.
Nyala is non-territorial, but both sexes have overlapping home ranges.
Nyala isa antelope.
Nyala produces dog-like, barking sound to alert other members of the group about upcoming danger.
Nyala suffers from severe water infrastructure caused by droughts and poor water management.
Nyalas have (part) brains.
Nyalas have (part) breasts.
Nyalas have (part) cannon bones.
Nyalas have (part) cell membranes.
Nyalas have (part) cells.
Nyalas have (part) chest cavities.
Nyalas have (part) chests.
Nyalas have (part) corpi.
Nyalas have (part) cytoplasm.
Nyalas have (part) ears.
Nyalas have (part) faces.
Nyalas have (part) heads.
Nyalas have (part) hip sockets.
Nyalas have (part) hoofs.
Nyalas have (part) nuclei.
Nyalas have (part) piluses.
Nyalas have (part) plasma membranes.
Nyalas have (part) rib cages.
Nyalas have (part) second stomachs.
Nyalas have (part) sections.
Nyalas have (part) skulls.
Nyalas have (part) sterna.
Nyalas have (part) vacuoles.
Nyctinastic movement follows a circadian cycle in some leguminous plants.
Nylon brushes can stir-up electricity.
Nylon brushes work well.
Nylon fibers are smooth, non-absorbent and dry quickly.
Nylon polymer is melt spun into bcf nylon carpet yarn.
Nylon stocking is stocking
Nylon stocking makes a good cover for the jar.
Nylon stockings are an adequate alternative although they are less robust.
Nylon stockings disappear as the entire output of nylon goes to war.
Nylon string is by far the softest sound on the guitar.
Nylon strings are softer and quieter than metal, but easier to maintain and cheaper than gut.
Nylon strings are the modern version of gut strings, used for classical and flamenco guitars.
Nylon strings have to be knotted to the comb.
Nylon web handle for easy rescue by hand or boat hook.
Nylon belongs to a class of polymers known as a.
Nylon brushes with ball bearing inserts.
Nylon bushes with ball bearing which ensure high speed action and reduce players fatigue.
Nylon bushes with ball bearings which ensure high speed action and reduce players fatigue.
Nylon can do more damage to the scales, protective membrane and eyes of the salmon.
Nylon carry bag and kneeling pads included.
Nylon carrying case holds all three knives and has a belt loop.
Nylon causes static electricythat can ignite propane.
Nylon contains a small amount of titanium.
Nylon contains nitrogen and oxygen.
Nylon contains nitrogen.
Nylon cover with nono-slip tread is removable and machine washable.
Nylon dividers inside-no rod bag needed.
Nylon guides for running on grooved guide rail.
Nylon has desirable properties.
Nylon has properties.
Nylon is also good, although heavier and usually more expensive.
Nylon is available in brilliant colors and solution-dyed varieties are colorfast.
Nylon is available in several physical forms.
Nylon is both wear and shock resistant to insure longer caster life.
Nylon is clear and colorless , or milky, but is easily dyed .
Nylon is common substances.
Nylon is fabric.
Nylon is generally the most durable and resilient, but is the least stain resistant.
Nylon is highly resistant to tears, water and abrasions.
Nylon is ideal for acrylic paint.
Nylon is less absorbent than wool or cotton.
Nylon is like silk in appearance.
Nylon is located in clothing.
Nylon is located in drawers.
Nylon is located in ropes.
Nylon is located in stockings.
Nylon is located in suitcases.
Nylon is materials.
Nylon is most popular.
Nylon is much more uncomfortable to horse.
Nylon is organic polymers.
Nylon is patented.
Nylon is plastic.
Nylon is relatively strong and weather resistant.
Nylon is resistant to moths and mildew.
Nylon is resistant to rot and mildew but can be damaged by rust from iron fittings or anchor chain.
Nylon is slightly less dense and has better abrasion resistance than does polyester.
Nylon is solids.
Nylon is stockings.
Nylon is strong and tough.
Nylon is strong, durable and resistant to most solvents, mild acids and alkali cleaners.
Nylon is stronger yet weighs less than any other commonly used fiber.
Nylon is susceptible to damage from predators such as turtles, otters, alligators and crabs.
Nylon is synthetic fabric.
Nylon is synthetic fiber
Nylon is synthetic materials.
Nylon is too stretchy.
Nylon is used for covering.
Nylon is used for hose.
Nylon is used for panty hose.
Nylon is used for parachutes.
Nylon is used for stockings.
Nylon is used for wear.
Nylon is very durable and washable, and come in a variety of colors .
Nylon isa compound.
Nylon isa fiber.
Nylon isa fibre.
Nylon jacks with leather plectra.
Nylon mesh back for improved ventilation.
Nylon mesh back with fitted foam cushion.
Nylon mesh guards on sleeves.
Nylon mesh upper supported by a combination of split leather and synthetic leather overlays.
Nylon mesh upper supported by synthetic seude overlays utilizing a traditional tongue construction.
Nylon mesh upper supported by synthetic seude overlays.
Nylon never wears out, so it's the best wrapping for the mallets.
Nylon offers a very high abrasion resistance, and is unaffected by mildew or rot.
Nylon provides brilliant colors and hides soil and traffic well.
Nylon provides stability.
Nylon pull handle with comfortable rubber hose grip.
Nylon responds to soap and water.
Nylon responds very well to professional cleaning methods.
Nylon sail with fiberglass rods.
Nylon sail with fibre glass frame.
Nylon sail with wood spars.
Nylon sheds water far better than canvas.
Nylon slowly absorbs humidity and can become quite conductive after some time.
Nylon stands up to water better than cotton or hemp rope.
Nylon sweeps thinly over the breasts just to give it a teasing effect.
Nylon wear ring on piston.
Nylon webbing handles and lightweight form makes handling an easy task.
Nylon webbing supports the bag weight and virtually eliminates tearing due to excessive abuse.
Nylons are a luxury item that provokes a mysterious sensuality to both females and males alike.
Nylons are also long chains of smaller molecules, each linked by one of the amide bonds.
Nylons are one of the most common polymers used as a fiber .
Nylons are polyamides made form the reactions of diacids and diamines.
Nylons are polyamides.
Nylons are the biggest culprit, for making the body miserable.
Nylons contain nitrogen atoms in the repeat unit backbone.
Nylons have good resistance to creep and cold flow compared to many less rigid thermoplastics.
Nylons interfere with conductivity.
Nylons tend to be abrasive, as well, particularly when damp.
All nylon towing harness allows for better pull and stress distribution.
All nylons are hygroscopic.
Most nylon has desirable properties.
Most nylon has properties.
Most nylon provides stability.
Nymph stages last for weeks.
Nymph becomes adults.
Nymph becomes mature adults.
Nymph does damage.
Nymph does little damage.
Nymph feeds on detrituses.
Nymph feeds on live prey.
Nymph feeds on organic detrituses.
Nymph feeds on prey.
Nymph goes through immature stages.
Nymph goes through multiple stages.
Nymph goes through several stages.
Nymph goes through stages.
Nymph has different size.
Nymph has eyes.
Nymph has mouthparts.
Nymph has pierce mouthparts.
Nymph has size.
Nymph has suck mouthparts.
Nymph has wings.
Nymph inhabits bottoms.
Nymph inhabits river bottoms.
Nymph inhabits sandy bottoms.
Nymph inhabits sandy river bottoms.
Nymph is a god
Nymph is insects.
Nymph is larvas.
Nymph is women.
Nymph isa god.
Nymph reaches adulthood.
Nymph requires oxygenate water.
Nymph requires water.
Nymph shows characteristics.
Nymph varies in color.
Nymphs again seek a host, feed, drop to the ground, molt and become adults.
Nymphs appear dark gray and pale banded between abdominal segments.
Nymphs appear in large numbers in autumn and early winter.
Nymphs appear in late spring.
Nymphs appear similar in shape to adults but lack wings and are generally gray in color.
Nymphs are about the size of an aphid.
Nymphs are abundant.
Nymphs are active during blooming.
Nymphs are active in the spring.
Nymphs are almost constantly in motion and are active throughout the day and night.
Nymphs are also green and wingless, lacking the enlarged prothorax.
Nymphs are always wingless.
Nymphs are at first mobile and then settle down by inserting their stylets into plant cells.
Nymphs are baby lice that mature in about seven days.
Nymphs are baby lice.
Nymphs are black with prominent spines. . . . .
Nymphs are bright red but become darker with maturity.
Nymphs are bright red.
Nymphs are by legend a favorite chase of satyrs, and are slender and lithe.
Nymphs are dark green with a light-colored stripe running down the back.
Nymphs are darker than the adults, wingless, and usually covered with spines.
Nymphs are devoured in turn by many carnivorous animals , especially fishes .
Nymphs are difficult to distinguish from adults, but are generally smaller and lighter in color.
Nymphs are difficult to see or identify. . . .
Nymphs are dragonfly babies that live in the water and have no wings.
Nymphs are easy to remove by hand-picking.
Nymphs are even smaller with small wing buds.
Nymphs are extremely beautiful females.
Nymphs are flat and oval and appear glued to the lower leaf surface.
Nymphs are flat, elliptical and scale-like.
Nymphs are generally lighter green in color.
Nymphs are green in color with black spots.
Nymphs are green or dull orange.
Nymphs are heavily spined and shaped somewhat similar to the adults.
Nymphs are just baby insects .
Nymphs are just baby insects.
Nymphs are less mobile and easier to control.
Nymphs are less than two millimeters in size.
Nymphs are mainly responsible for infecting humans with Borrelia burgdorferi .
Nymphs are more likely to be found feeding on the undersides of leaves.
Nymphs are more likely to feed on humans than larva.
Nymphs are more rounded and colored red and black when young.
Nymphs are most active in spring and summer.
Nymphs are most numerous on the undersides of leaves but can occur on shaded upper leaf surfaces.
Nymphs are mostly black and spiny.
Nymphs are mostly shiny brown, broadly oval, flat and spiny.
Nymphs are normally green, but at high densities their color shifts to orange.
Nymphs are often white.
Nymphs are oval and black with a white waxy fringe.
Nymphs are oval and shiny yellowish to reddish brown.
Nymphs are oval shaped with coloration similar to adults, but are smaller and wingless.
Nymphs are pale and wingless, with red eyes.
Nymphs are pale green in colour.
Nymphs are pale green with a reddish head and legs.
Nymphs are pale yellow to green.
Nymphs are paler, are shorter bodied, and lack the long caudal siphon.
Nymphs are pear-shaped like adults, wingless.
Nymphs are present and active during the summer months.
Nymphs are present only in the spring.
Nymphs are reddish-brown.
Nymphs are red-tinged.
Nymphs are responsible for most damage that is usually apparent in the spring.
Nymphs are round and bluish-gray with red marks.
Nymphs are sexually mature in two to four months and full grown in a year.
Nymphs are similar but smaller.
Nymphs are similar in appearance to adults except that they are smaller and lack wings.
Nymphs are similar in appearance to the adults but lack fully developed wings.
Nymphs are similar in appearance, but smaller.
Nymphs are similar in color but have no wings.
Nymphs are similar in shape, form, color and habits but have no wings.
Nymphs are similar in structure but smaller than the adult.
Nymphs are similar to adults although some nymphs are smaller.
Nymphs are similar to adults and molt into their wings.
Nymphs are similar to adults but are smaller and wingless.
Nymphs are similar to adults but smaller and white in colour.
Nymphs are similar to adults but without wings.
Nymphs are similar to adults except in size.
Nymphs are similar to adults except that they lack a complete set of wings.
Nymphs are similar to adults except they are smaller.
Nymphs are similar to adults with wing buds developing with each molt finally becoming full wings.
Nymphs are similar to apterae in appearance except that they are smaller.
Nymphs are slightly smaller than the adult but similar in shape.
Nymphs are slow growing and can take nine months or more to become adults.
Nymphs are small, non-motile, and nearly the same color as the foliage.
Nymphs are small, wingless versions of adults.
Nymphs are small, wingless, teardrop-shaped, ranging in color from yellow orange to brown in color.
Nymphs are smaller and light brown in color.
Nymphs are smaller but closely resemble adults.
Nymphs are smaller than adults and are yellow or amber colored.
Nymphs are smaller than the wingless adult but similar in shape and color.
Nymphs are smaller versions of the adults and larvae resemble nymphs but have only six legs.
Nymphs are smaller, oval, and spiny.
Nymphs are solid bright red and develop black markings and wings as they mature.
Nymphs are spiny and much darker than the adults.
Nymphs are spiny and wingless.
Nymphs are the immature form of the adult species.
Nymphs are the immature forms of the kudzu bug which hatch from the eggs.
Nymphs are the size of a poppy seed.
Nymphs are tiny and tear drop-shaped.
Nymphs are translucent, oval in outline, and very thin.
Nymphs are usually green with numerous black spots on their backs.
Nymphs are very difficult to detect and easily overlooked.
Nymphs are very difficult to kill with pyrethroids.
Nymphs are very effective to fish pre-hatch, especially in still waters.
Nymphs are very similar to the adults, except they are smaller and lack fully developed wings.
Nymphs are very small and like to stay close to the scalp where they feed.
Nymphs are whitish green and wingless.
Nymphs are wingless and gray, having a body shape similar to the adults.
Nymphs are wingless, but otherwise similar to the adults.
Nymphs are wingless, uniformly brown colored, and run very fast.
Nymphs are wingless, yellow or pinkish red, with a light colored band across their backs.
Nymphs are wingless.
Nymphs begin feeding immediately after emerging from eggs.
Nymphs begin hatching during bloom and continue to hatch into the petal fall period.
Nymphs begin sucking blood immediately.
Nymphs complete the same cycle as do the larvae.
Nymphs continue to be the fly of choice.
Nymphs continue to feed on the host through all instars.
Nymphs cover themselves with white, cotton-like secretions.
Nymphs crawl from the water onto a partially submerged rock or log to emerge into adults.
Nymphs develop faster in areas that are humid.
Nymphs develop on grasses and vegetable crops.
Nymphs develop prominent black dots on the top of the thorax and abdomen.
Nymphs develop their wax overcoat slowly as they mature into the final adult stage.
Nymphs develop through five growth stages, or instars, and have incomplete metamorphosis.
Nymphs develop through five instars over a period of five to six weeks.
Nymphs develop through five instars that resemble adults but aresmaller and oval.
Nymphs develop through several wingless instars before becoming sexually mature winged adults.
Nymphs develop throughout the summer and overwinter as last instars.
Nymphs differ in appearance from the adults in that the wings are absent or in a reduced form.
Nymphs eat a young fruit and flowers, etc and adults eat other small insects or caterpillars.
Nymphs eat other underwater life forms such as mosquito larva.
Nymphs emerge from the oothecae as tiny insects.
Nymphs emerge in early spring and feed on undersides of leaves.
Nymphs emerge in five to seven days and flatten themselves against the leaf to feed.
Nymphs emerge in the spring and feed on developing buds, flowers, and new leaves.
Nymphs emerge within five to seven days.
Nymphs feed and develop during the summer.
Nymphs feed and develop during the winter and mature by spring.
Nymphs feed and grow through the summer, and mature into adults in the fall.
Nymphs feed and mature through five instars in about six to eight weeks.
Nymphs feed and molt five times before becoming adults.
Nymphs feed and move as a colony, guided by the adult female.
Nymphs feed for at least a month and develop through four instars before becoming adults.
Nymphs feed for five to eight weeks before entering the adult stage.
Nymphs feed for four to five days and then drop from the plant to pupate in the soil.
Nymphs feed from buds and young leaves.
Nymphs feed on small aquatic organisms, and occasionally tadpoles and small fish.
Nymphs free themselves from the oothecae by working in concert.
Nymphs get wing pads at the fifth molt.
Nymphs go from one stage to the next by moulting, changing their skin.
Nymphs go through seven molts before becoming adults, which takes approximately one year.
Nymphs go through three instars and a pupa stage before reaching adulthood.
Nymphs have a dull, brick-red bodies with relatively long legs and antennae.
Nymphs have a prehensile labium, adapted for seizing prey.
Nymphs have beautifully complex body shapes, with gills for breathing underwater, and no wings.
Nymphs have bright red abdomens.
Nymphs have eight instars requiring three years for the life cycle.
Nymphs have long cylindrical bodies.
Nymphs have much longer antennae, functioning mouthparts and are aquatic.
Nymphs have no wings and readily run backwards, sideways, or forward when disturbed.
Nymphs have nonfunctional wing pads whereas adults have fully developed, functional wings.
Nymphs have similar appearance to adults, but smaller and paler.
Nymphs have six legs, and adults have eight legs.
Nymphs have spiny projections arising over the body.
Nymphs have stubby egg-shaped bodies.
Nymphs have the ability to sway males of any race to do what they want.
Nymphs have the same type of mouthparts as the adult, and they both eat the same kind of food.
Nymphs live in a pond or stream.
Nymphs live in the water and eat small fish.
Nymphs live inside leaf galls throughout the summer months.
Nymphs live under rocks or in sediments.
Nymphs look like adults except smaller, and lack wings .
Nymphs look like adults only smaller.
Nymphs look like adults without wings which they eventually molt into.
Nymphs look like adults, though they lack a few small characteristics.
Nymphs look like miniature adults without wings.
Nymphs look like small adult lice, but are only about the size of a pinhead.
Nymphs look like small adults.
Nymphs look like small versions of adult crickets with a few differences.
Nymphs look like small, wingless adults.
Nymphs look like the adults but are without wings.
Nymphs look like tiny adults without wings.
Nymphs look much like adult water scorpions, though smaller, of course.
Nymphs look much like adults except for color, being white to olive green to grayish brown.
Nymphs look nearly identical to their parents except in size.
Nymphs look similar to adults, but they are smaller, lighter in color, and wingless.
Nymphs look similar to mature adults, but lack fully-developed wings.
Nymphs look very similar to adults.
Nymphs lose the bacteria when they molt.
Nymphs make up a big part of the diets of many fish, including trout, bass, and panfish.
Nymphs occur in late spring and summer, and are about the size of a poppy seed.
Nymphs pass through five instars.
Nymphs pass through five nymphal instars before molting into the adult stage.
Nymphs pass through five stages and reach adulthood by late august.
Nymphs pass through five stages before becoming adults.
Nymphs pass through four to five moults before reaching adulthood.
Nymphs pass through two moults .
Nymphs progress through five instars before becoming adults.
Nymphs progress through five nymphal instars.
Nymphs reach adulthood in six to eight weeks.
Nymphs reach maturity in five to ten months, with faster maturation at higher temperatures.
Nymphs remain underground until they are ready to molt to adults.
Nymphs require a blood meal in order to molt and reach the next level of development.
Nymphs require five to six weeks to mature into adults.
Nymphs resemble adult mole crickets with less-developed wings.
Nymphs resemble adult scale insects but are smaller and female nymphs lack the spot.
Nymphs resemble adults but are much smaller and lack fully developed wings.
Nymphs resemble adults but are smaller.
Nymphs resemble adults but are wingless.
Nymphs resemble adults except for their smaller size, lack of wings, and are paler in color.
Nymphs resemble adults except for their smaller size.
Nymphs resemble adults except they are smaller and lack wings.
Nymphs resemble adults except they are smaller.
Nymphs resemble adults in habits and appearance but are smaller and wingless.
Nymphs resemble adults, but have few legs and are considerably smaller.
Nymphs resemble aphids but are much more active than aphids.
Nymphs resemble miniature, wingless adults.
Nymphs resemble small, wingless adults.
Nymphs resemble the adult form but are smaller and lack fully developed wings.
Nymphs resemble the adults but are yellow in colour.
Nymphs resemble the adults except for size and the absence of wings.
Nymphs resemble the adults in shape but are smaller.
Nymphs resemble the adults.
Nymphs resemble the wingless adults except for their smaller size.
Nymphs resemble wingless adults but are somewhat smaller.
Nymphs secrete several types of waxy structures.
Nymphs seek shelter and are inactive until the following spring.
Nymphs soon cover themselves with white, cotton-like secretions.
Nymphs start out life as a plain tan color but slowly molt to become very incredible looking adults.
Nymphs take bluegills wherever the panfish are found.
Nymphs tend to move sideways and quickly retreat to the opposite side of the leaf when disturbed.
Nymphs tend to remain concentrated near the head region.
Nymphs vary in color as they mature.
Nymphs walk sideways or backwards to hide on the underside of the leaves.
Nymphs often catch fish when nothing else does.
Nymphs often congregate at the bottom of building walls.
All nymphs are aquatic, and resemble the adults in many respects.
Most nymph becomes adults.
Most nymph becomes mature adults.
Most nymph does damage.
Most nymph does little damage.
Most nymph feeds on detrituses.
Most nymph feeds on live prey.
Most nymph feeds on organic detrituses.
Most nymph feeds on prey.
Most nymph goes through immature stages.
Most nymph goes through multiple stages.
Most nymph goes through several stages.
Most nymph goes through stages.
Most nymph has different size.
Most nymph has eyes.
Most nymph has mouthparts.
Most nymph has pierce mouthparts.
Most nymph has size.
Most nymph has wings.
Most nymph inhabits sandy bottoms.
Most nymph reaches adulthood.
Most nymph requires oxygenate water.
Most nymph requires water.
Most nymph shows characteristics.
Most nymph varies in color.
Most nymphs develop into wingless adults.
Most nymphs gradually grow wing pads and then transform into winged termites called alates.
Most nymphs occur under stones in well aerated streams.
Some nymph causes damage.
Some nymph feeds on mites.
Some nymph gets results.
Some nymph has antennas.
Some nymph has beginnings.
Some nymph has fish.
Some nymph has front legs.
Some nymph has gills.
Some nymph has habits.
Some nymph has legs.
Some nymph has pads.
Some nymph has predator fish.
Some nymph has skin.
Some nymph has strong front legs.
Some nymph has strong legs.
Some nymph has structures.
Some nymph has tubes.
Some nymph has types.
Some nymph lives for years.
Some nymph lives in water.
Some nymph reaches maturity.
Some nymph resembles adults.
Some nymph resembles wingless adults.
Some nymph varies in length.
Some nymphs even hunt on land .
Some nymphs even hunt on land.
Some nymphs live in burrows in the mud, while others live in quiet or swift waters.
Some nymphs live underwater for three years or more.
Some nymphs make hinged trapdoors which they can pull down for protection.
Nymphal stages are similar but lack fully developed wings.
Nymphal stages are yellow and wingless.
Nymphal stages resemble adult earwigs in shape but have reduced wings and cerci.
A nymphalid butterfly is a butterfly
Most Nymphalid butterflies appear to only have four feet.
Nypro employees receive an array of training to create high quality molds.
Nyquist diagram is plotted on logarithmic plane.
Nyquist plots have one major shortcoming.
Nyquist theorem is applied for building the current telecommunications infrastructure.
Nystatin powder is used only when the itchy rash is present and then discontinued.
Nystatin suppositories are the usual medical prescription.
Nystatin tablets are available only on prescription.
O children be faithful.
Most O- children have parents who are positive.
O bjectives Determine meat tenderness and composition of the loin in beef cattle.
O bjectives Provide superior service and quality on evaluating customer compliance.
O has (part) blood cells.
O has (part) cell membranes.
O has (part) cytoplasm.
O has (part) nuclei.
O has (part) plasma membranes.
O has (part) sections.
O has (part) vacuoles.
O is a letter
O is blood groups.
O is convention.
O is greater than that from the sugar solution, while the condensation rates are the same.
O is letters.
O is part of alphabets.
O is vowels.
O isa blood.
O makes sense.
O makes use of a number of socalled major menus that expand into minor menus.
O suggests osmotic diarrhea.
OAC quality is assured by our extensive on-going monitoring and coaching techniques.
OAE assessments are a very fast and sensitive method of assessment.
OAE testing is performed in a quiet test room.
OAE testing is very useful in testing the hearing of very young children.
Any OAFP member can suggest candidates for as many of the offices as they wish.
OAICat software is available.
Oak Creek does get pressure every now and again but the creek is as pretty as any in the Southwest.
Oak Creek has an open enrollment policy.
Oak Creek has fishing, camping, hiking, and water rock slides for the more adventurous.
Oak Creek is a city with a proud past and promising future.
Oak Creek is a very good example of the type of stream often found in the Great Basin.
Oak Creek is about a five minute drive, and horse riding stables are even nearer.
Oak Creek is an exciting place during the rut.
Oak Creek is just south of Steamboat Springs.
Oak Creek is the only farm in the world offering a combination of aqua-tred and hyperbaric therapy.
Oak Creek is very crowded, especially on weekends.
Oak Creek offer respite from the heat, and a delightful place to slip and slide into the water.
Oak density affects canary reed grass growth.
Oak Island is a family oriented beach with entertainment for children as well as adults.
Oak Island is a south-facing beach and in the late summer it offers magnificent sunsets.
Oak Island is indeed the place that the original poster asked about.
Oak Island offers a ten mile stretch of southern facing beach with quiet surf and moderate tides.
Oak Island serves as a barrier to the ocean on the south side.
Oak Lake caters to individuals who appreciate style above conformity.
Oak Lake is a very special place.
Oak Lake is such a specialty-planned community enveloped in a very unique atmosphere.
Most oak leaves turn brown prior to dropping.
Oak Park adds greatly to the attractiveness of the place.
Oak Park continues to be incorporated as a village but under a village manager form of government.
Oak Park has a handgun ban, so the prosecutor threw the book at the gas station owner.
Oak Park has a two-step process.
Oak Park has two basic apartment types - vintage and modern.
Oak Park includes parts of two state assembly districts and one state senatorial district.
Oak Park is a great community.
Oak Park is a neighborhood of wide lawns and narrow minds.
Oak Park is a quality team.
Oak Park is a residential town.
Oak Park is a wonderful environment for special needs students.
Oak Park is a wonderful place to live but crowded.
Oak Park is an unusually cohesive and compact village.
Oak Park is in the first block north of the interstate.
Oak Park is just outside of Chicago, and easy to get to by car or by public transportation.
Oak Park is located outside of downtown Chicago, on a commuter train line.
Oak Park is regarded as having one of the best school systems in Illinois.
Oak Park is remarkable in the active involvement of citizens.
Oak Park is so simple, yet so profoundly elegant.
Oak Park is the hometown of a number of famous and exceptionally accomplished people .
Oak Park is the only district that borders Wayne County that has accepted Detroit students.
Oak Park prohibits discrimination in city dealings, and Birmingham bans discrimination in housing.
Oak parks are stations.
Oak ridge national laboratory scientists use samples.
Oak Ridge consists of three facilities with entirely different functions.
Oak Ridge offers one, two or three day traditional hunts.
Oak Ridge stands for violence and death.
Oak scrub communities provide habitats.
An oak tree is a tree
Oak trees live in oak woodlands.
Oak trees live in woodlands.
Oak trees make food.
Most oak trees live in oak woodlands.
Most oak trees live in woodlands.
Most oak trees lose all of their leaves in autumn .
Most oak trees lose all of their leaves in autumn.
Most oak trees make food.
Some oak trees grow on slopes.
Some oak trees produce acorns.
Some oak trees produce truffles.
Oak Valley is one of plantations and also the most famous one in New Orleans.
Oak View begins the new school year in a very exciting manner.
Oak View is a wonderful school because of our volunteers.
Oak View wishes everyone a safe and fun-filled summer vacation.
Oak contains oak.
Oak contains white oak.
Oak has acorns.
Oak has bitter acorns.
Oak has edible acorns.
Oak has leafs.
Oak has sweet acorns.
Oak is deciduous trees.
Oak is dense wood.
Oak is located in wood.
Oak is plants.
Oak is species.
Oak is television shows.
Oak is trees.
Oak is wood
Oak is wood.
Oak isa wood.
Oak lives for years.
Oak produces pollen.
Oaks abound, so the forest cover is excellent for raising deer as well as turkey.
Oaks also provide valuable habitat and food source for wildlife.
Oaks are a valuable timber and wildlife resource.
Oaks are already in catkins.
Oaks are also among the dominant trees of the Chaparral region of California.
Oaks are also hosts to mistletoe clumps that produce berries which entice still other birds.
Oaks are also important for wildlife, providing plenty of acorns for animals to eat.
Oaks are among most preferred host species.
Oaks are among the most impressive of all trees.
Oaks are an example.
Oaks are an important source of lumber.
Oaks are beautiful, their wood valuable, and their fruit a source of food for animals.
Oaks are best, but hornbeam, ironwood, hard maple, and sweet gum work well.
Oaks are classified as being monoecious, which means they produce both male and female flowers.
Oaks are common in woodlands throughout Ohio.
Oaks are critical food for many species of wildlife.
Oaks are either deciduous with lobed leaves or evergreen with leathery leaves.
Oaks are excurrent trees that have a central leader.
Oaks are extremely abundant in the SE and of immense value economically and environmentally.
Oaks are generally more stately and commanding than maples.
Oaks are generally pest free.
Oaks are highly resilient trees, but they are also host to many plant pathogens and insect pests.
Oaks are host to majority of galls but other trees and shrubs affected as well.
Oaks are important to wildlife species for both cover and food.
Oaks are in flower, with tiny leaves emerging.
Oaks are magnificent shade trees.
Oaks are more likely to be damaged by fall fire than earlier fires.
Oaks are native to nearly all states and many species have traditionally been used as human food.
Oaks are often the most commonly affected deciduous native species for Oklahoma.
Oaks are often very tall trees that can obtain heights up to ninety feet.
Oaks are overwhelmingly dominant in dry forests.
Oaks are real temperamental, too, especially around a swimming pool.
Oaks are some of the largest trees in the forest.
Oaks are subject to many pests, depending on the species.
Oaks are subject to root rot and various insect pests.
Oaks are susceptible to canker, anthracnose, rust, leaf spot, gall and borer.
Oaks are susceptible to many insect pests, fungi, cankers, and wilts.
Oaks are the major shade trees of Texas.
Oaks are the most commonly attacked plants.
Oaks are the most reliable wood for producing mushrooms.
Oaks are the most seriously affected species.
Oaks are trees with leaves that turn brown but hang on through the winter.
Oaks are undoubtedly the most valuable and plentiful of our shade trees.
Oaks are used to make timber, stairs, parks, furniture, casks and railway sleepers.
Oaks are valuable as shade trees, specimens and street trees.
Oaks are very beneficial trees for wildlife.
Oaks are very important to wildlife .
Oaks are vitally important to North Bay wildlife.
Oaks are wind-pollinated.
Oaks begin to turn.
Oaks begin to unfurl their leaves, and birds return with cheery songs.
Oaks can have numerous types of galls.
Oaks can photosynthesize at high temperatures , but they are being wiped out by grazing and farming.
Oaks generally survive low-intensity, fast fires.
Oaks grow slowly.
Oaks grow well in the open sun, but maples prefer the shade.
Oaks grown from nursery stock have better survival rate.
Oaks have a darkly colored protection wood called heartwood.
Oaks have a heavy crop of acorns, but only about every fourth year.
Oaks have a softer rustling.
Oaks have a thick bark which greatly increases survival for the core trunk.
Oaks have a very strong root system.
Oaks have alternate leaves.
Oaks have deep, well-behaved roots.
Oaks have leaf surface hairs that reduce air movement across leaves.
Oaks now has an account with an internet service provider.
Oaks occur in a wide variety of habitats.
Oaks occur sporadically in groves along the river.
Oaks outrank any other group of trees in Missouri forests in number of species .
Oaks produce acorns for food, and conifers are especially good for nesting sites.
Oaks produce purplish red leaves during the fall.
Oaks provide shelter for hedgehogs, adders, mice and other mammals.
Oaks provide wildlife habitat and are valuable to the Ohio forest products industry.
Oaks require moderate light intensities to reproduce in a forest.
Oaks shed the mission name some years ago and became a full-fledged children's home.
Oaks strives to create a Christian home-like atmosphere in each of our group homes.
Oaks take dozens of years to reach maturity.
Oaks tend to hybridize easily with each other.
Oaks thrive best in acid soils.
Oaks thrive in acid soils produced by their fallen leaves.
Oaks thrive in forests throughout the continental United States except for Alaska.
Oaks vary greatly in susceptibility.
Oaks vary widely in size and in the way they grow.
Oaks often turn brown, but sometimes a deep red.
Oaks usually change later, after the first frost.
All oaks are good wildlife trees.
All oaks are plants.
All oaks are susceptible.
All oaks are trees.
All oaks can resprout from stems when top-killed by fire.
All oaks have natural open spaces in the wood.
All oaks provide excellent wildlife benefits.
Many oaks have a delicate covering of lace green living material, hanging down in curtains.
Most oak contains oak.
Most oak contains white oak.
Most oak has acorns.
Most oak has bitter acorns.
Most oak has edible acorns.
Most oak has sweet acorns.
Most oak lives for years.
Most oak produces pollen.
Most oaks have a deeply penetrating taproot.
Some oak add a touch of vanilla to the lovely nose.
Some oak grows in zones.
Some oak has elements.
Some oak has rays.
Some oak provides food.
Some oak provides habitats.
Some oak provides high energy food.
Some oak shows variation.
Some oaks are maples.
Some oaks never become taller than small shrubs.
Oakhurst Internet is here to provide the mountain community with an alter-net internet service.
Oakley subdivision is on left approx.
Oakville soils are well drained and are on higher elevations.
Oakville soils receive less annual precipitation.
Oar blades can easily stun or kill.
Oar boats are smaller than motor boats and can accommodate four to five people.
Oar boats carry three to five passengers, plus one guide.
OAR participants are individuals concerned with environmental quality and open space.
Oar rafts are rowed by one boat-person, everyone else aboard is there for the ride.
Oar rafts hold four to five people comfortably, plus the guide.
Oar rigs hold more gear than paddle rafts, so they are ideal for long wilderness trips.
OAR staff can provide letters of reference and other kinds of recommendations for volunteers.
Oar trips spend more time on the river each and day and take more days on the river.
An oar is an implement
OAR attests to the effectiveness of processes and procedures in sponsored project management.
OAR develops national programs, technical policies, and regulations for air pollution control.
OAR generates financial reports based on unusual trends, patterns, etc.
OAR is an all-day session.
OAR is composed of two functional areas referred to as Records and Evaluations.
Oar isa implement.
OAR offers recreational and competitive sculling and sweep programs for all ages and abilities.
OAR starts to build the online version as soon as the print design is approved.
Oars are a good opportunity for exercise and detailed maneuvering in spots, especially around reefs.
Oars are hollow to reduce weight, attached to the boat by adjustable out riggers.
Oars are implements.
Oars are paddles.
Oars are relatively impervious to damage.
Oars are used for rowing.
Oars generally are fastened to the vessel.
Oars have (part) sections.
Oars have (part) vanes.
Oars have a flat blade at one end.
Oars push water.
All oars make contact and exit from the water at the same time.
Every oar is a perfect specimen.
Most oars push water.
An oarswoman is a rower
Oarswomen await the coxswain's call as they ready to push off for a workout.
Oasis records contain bibliographic information about items in the collection.
An oasis is shelter
Oases also provide habitat for animals and even humans if the area is big enough.
Oases are created where the water table is near the surface.
Oases are few, and movement has always been difficult.
Oases are large areas of ice-free land that look more akin to deserts of lower latitudes.
Oases are often the only places in deserts that support crops and permanent habitation.
Oases are part of deserts.
Oases are so green and peaceful that one is reminded of old adventure movies.
Oases are the smallest kinds of towns.
Oases are vegetated areas moistened by springs, wells, or by irrigation.
Oases form in the desert, usually from a source high in the mountains.
Oases form where the ice has withdrawn and where new snow melts faster than it accumulates.
Oases occur where highlands generate surface streams or springs.
Oases once serving earlier desert visitors now abound in wildlife.
Oases provide a habitat for animals and are used as a source of water for humans .
Oases provide a habitat for animals and are used as a source of water for humans.
Oases routinely go a decade or two without any rain at all.
Oasis also offers aromatherapy treatments.
Oasis also offers go carts, lazer tag, video games, snack bar, a party area and some kids rides.
Oasis also offers services to sex trade workers and people who use street drugs.
Oasis also provides specialized facilities for persons with disabilities.
Oasis also references search terms and keywords automatically.
Oasis are a relitavely new UK band.
Oasis are definatly the best band in england.
Oasis are okay.
Oasis are simply too lazy to compile a thought-out compilation.
Oasis are the most important band in the world.
Oasis can add data security to access control systems that currently lack secure networking.
Oasis can also simulate upper-tibial or supracondylar single osteotomies.
Oasis continue playing gigs.
Oasis Crumbled columns and arches of some dusty, stone narthex, mark a no-where in the desert.
Oasis deals with all of that.
Oasis events Contract and deposit only reserves event.
Oasis fights back.
Oasis have nothing to do but work, and that s exactly what they do.
Oasis intends it to be a random type page, depending on the number and frequency of submissions.
Oasis is a break from the stresses of the week.
Oasis is a candidate tracking, client description and candidate screening website.
Oasis is a cool refreshing spring.
Oasis is a fabulous organization.
Oasis is a fantastically stimulating challenge, because it's all about growth.
Oasis is a giant-screen film.
Oasis is a home for social welfare.
Oasis is a major altered blues.
Oasis is a non-denominational full gospel ministry.
Oasis is a pretty nice minivan to begin with.
Oasis is a program that is staffed almost entirely by dedicated volunteers.
Oasis is a smashing good English band.
Oasis is about children .
Oasis is all about glamour wetlook, filming girls in wet clothes.
Oasis is also available for concerts around the country.
Oasis is an Ohio company that makes water coolers.
Oasis is effective in hot or cold water.
Oasis is far more enriching than an ordinary summer camp experience.
Oasis is frontline information on public services for use by the general public.
Oasis is ideal for a family holiday, or for golfers as numerous courses are within a short drive.
Oasis is now in first position.
Oasis is structured and demanding.
Oasis is the fookin' greatesst bahnd in the world.
Oasis is the name of our youth group.
Oasis is the only real long-standing gay and lesbian thing in Tacoma.
Oasis is the second best rock 'n' roll band.
Oasis is the sweetest of the turnips, all white, and, when peeled, it can be eaten like an apple.
Oasis is. . .
Oasis isa tract.
Oasis makes arts and creativity a part of every child's life.
Oasis makes it easier for teachers to find and use the best web sites with their students.
Oasis needs help to promote it's website, linking up, adding to search engines,Etc.
Oasis offer tips on choosing a primary care physician.
Oasis offers a therapeutic foot whirlpool followed by a unique foot care system.
Oasis offers continuing adult education for seniors.
OAsis offers other, more advanced features for project owners.
Oasis Offers private lodges with excellent facilities in natural forest settings.
Oasis offers something for everyone adults, teens, and children.
Oasis opens the show.
Oasis play their first date of their slightly shaky first American tour.
Oasis provides an electronic means of searching for library materials.
Oasis provides communities for both staff and children.
Oasis provides full, unrestricted Internet access for a fixed monthly fee.
Oasis provides meals.
Oasis provides orientation the week before the program year begins.
Oasis provides small group experiences that allow children to share , learn and grow .
Oasis provides volunteers with a clear expectation of responsibilities and time commitment .
Oasis puts the momentum of E-commerce behind the development of our products.
Oasis record their first demo proper, Live Demonstration, in Liverpool.
Oasis release their first album, Definitely Maybe.
Oasis remains light on lyrical substance.
Oasis reserves the right to edit all submitted copy.
Oasis says no.
Oasis serves all vegetarian burgers and Latin American cuisine.
Oasis start to believe in themselves.
Oasis states the number of FIs offering wireless access in the country is in the single digits.
Oasis supports equal opportunities.
Oasis take the stage at dusk.
Oasis tries to operate on.
Oasis truly loves being a slut, and intends to fuck every male on the planet.
Oasises are located in deserts.
Oasises are natural things.
Oasises are part of deserts.
Oasises are sites.
Oasises are tracts.
Every oasis needs the sound of running water.
Most oases are part of deserts.
Some oases become homes.
Some oases have thousands of date palm trees.
Oasys executives believe they have an even better solution.
Oat crops have direct effects.
Oat crops have effects.
Oat crops increase resistance.
Oat crops produce antimicrobial compounds.
Oat crops produce compounds.
Oat seeds germinate in springs.
An oat is cereal grass
Oat isa cereal.
Oats absorb nitrogen from the soil and convert it into a nitrate form in the plant.
Oats acreage down due to dry weather.
Oats add a natural sweetness to foods.
Oats also contain phosphorus, required for brain and nerve formation during youth.
Oats also contain the antitumor compound b-sitosterol.
Oats also make a nutritious substitute for bread crumbs.
Oats also offer beta glucans, which have been shown to reduce the risk of heart disease.
Oats also produces higher rates of acid during bacterial fermentation.
Oats are a cereal grain and belong to the same family of plants as wheat, rice, corn, and barley.
Oats are a good source of B vitamins and minerals, including calcium, phosphorus and iron.
Oats are a good source of B vitamins, calcium, protein, unsaturated fat, and fiber.
Oats are a good source of fiber, protein and carbohydrates.
Oats are a great source of complex carbohydrates and a good source of protein.
Oats are a nutritious feed for all classes of livestock.
Oats are a popular treat.
Oats are a species of erect annual grasses of the genus Avena.
Oats are a very nourishing food.
Oats are a whole-grain cereal, known scientifically as Avena sativa.
Oats are acceptable.
Oats are also a good source of protein.
Oats are also an substance used in many cold cereals , in particular muesli and granola .
Oats are also an substance used in many cold cereals, in particular muesli and granola.
Oats are also high in fibre compared to other cereals.
Oats are also one of the cereals used as a basic ingredient for making whisky.
Oats are also part of the cereal family, the oats are easy to digest and increase the metabolism.
Oats are also rich in protein, vitamins, and minerals.
Oats are an excellent breakfast food for the young.
Oats are an excellent source of manganese and molybdenum.
Oats are an excellent source of soluble fiber.
Oats are an important crop in the Upper Midwest, Canada, and northern Europe.
Oats are believed to be mainly Asiatic in origin.
Oats are cereal grain.
Oats are cereals.
Oats are easy to grow indoors year 'round.
Oats are especially effective for reducing cholesterol.
Oats are even harder to work with than flaked barley or wheat malt.
Oats are generally available in prepackaged containers as well as bulk bins.
Oats are generally lightweight.
Oats are good sources of compounds with vitamin E activity, including tocotrienols.
Oats are grain.
Oats are great for feeding the Nervous System especially when one is under stress.
Oats are grown all over temperate places.
Oats are high in fiber.
Oats are high in many vitamins and minerals.
Oats are high in mineral content and also in several vitamins.
Oats are high in protein and fat.
Oats are highly nutritious and are rich in fiber.
Oats are highly recommended performance oriented food.
Oats are immune to tan spot infections.
Oats are in the milk to dough stage.
Oats are in the same family as barley, and a small addition yields great flavor.
Oats are inexpensive, place on top or mix with feed.
Oats are less prone to insect problems than wheat or barley.
Oats are like rye .
Oats are like rye.
Oats are medium in energy, require little or no processing and have more protein than most grains.
Oats are more certain.
Oats are more palatable than rye and easily overgrazed.
Oats are more sensitive than other small grain species.
Oats are more tolerant of aphid damage than barley and wheat.
Oats are more tolerant of wet soil than is barley, but require more moisture.
Oats are much higher in protein and lower in energy than is corn.
Oats are one amazing grain.
Oats are one of the best.
Oats are one of the main cereal forages used for silage in Northern America.
Oats are out.
Oats are plants.
Oats are predominantly a grain of cool moist regions such as Scotland.
Oats are prone to accumulation of nitrate if they are harvested under heat or drought stress.
Oats are prone to rust when seeded in autumn.
Oats are shorter than normal, somewhat uneven, and they are starting to head out.
Oats are solid-seeded and, when planted early, develop a dense cover that shades competing weeds.
Oats are subject to winterkill or damage throughout the state.
Oats are susceptible to disease, but make excellent succulent forage.
Oats are sweeter and nuttier than other grains because of their higher lipid profile.
Oats are the best grain to feed horses.
Oats are the best of all grains for horses.
Oats are the best when feeding grain.
Oats are the least cold-tolerant of the small grains.
Oats are the most popular grain for horses.
Oats are the most popular with both horses and owners.
Oats are the third most important grain crop in the United States.
Oats are tonic to the heart and help the contraction of heart muscle.
Oats are unlikely to cause acidosis, since they have a higher fibre content than wheat or barley.
Oats are usually well tolerated, with no adverse effects in healthy individuals.
Oats are very clean, native whole oats.
Oats are very healthy as they are full of dietary fiber and contain slow releasing carbohydrates.
Oats are very inexpensive.
Oats are way down on the list.
Oats are way down the list.
Oats are well worth including in a low-fat diet.
Oats are well-suited for marginal soils and cool, humid growing conditions.
Oats begin their growth cycle as a shortened stem with leaves growing in a rosette pattern.
Oats can help lower cholesterol and stabilize blood-sugar levels.
Oats can work as hay or silage and has the flexibility to flourish across the state.
Oats come from oats, and wild oats from wild oats.
Oats contain a heavy hull after they have been harvested.
Oats contain a similar protein and are found to be troublesome in some patients.
Oats contain both soluble and insoluble fibre.
Oats contain more protein, minerals and fat than most other commonly fed grains.
Oats contain most, barley least.
Oats contain proteins than nourish the skin.
Oats continue to be harvested for oat hay and silage.
Oats continue to make excellent growth due to good moisture conditions and warm temperatures.
Oats contribute both starch and dietary fiber to the diet.
Oats encourage the release of testorone in males to help libido.
OATs exercise overall assignment authority for filling valid requirements.
Oats form the bulk of the cereal crop, but wheat and barley are also grown.
Oats grow about the same as the States.
Oats grow in cool moist soil.
Oats have (part) cell membranes.
Oats have (part) cells.
Oats have (part) corpi.
Oats have (part) cytoplasm.
Oats have (part) nuclei.
Oats have (part) plasma membranes.
Oats have (part) sections.
Oats have (part) vacuoles.
Oats have (part) vegetables.
Oats have a greater proportion of soluble fiber than any other grain.
Oats have a healing effect and are easily absorbed in the body.
Oats have a higher fibre content than wheat or barley.
Oats have a higher food value than any other cereal grain.
Oats have a lower digestible energy value and higher fiber content than most other grains.
Oats have a thick stem with the grain flopping over.
Oats have few equals as a legume nurse crop or companion crop.
Oats have fewer enemies than any other grain crop.
Oats have good levels of iron, manganese, copper, folacin, vitamin E and zinc.
Oats have many uses in food.
Oats have more to offer everyone.
Oats lose only a little of their nutritional value in the process.
Oats prefer cool weather and a fair amount of moisture but are otherwise undemanding.
Oats produce seeds.
Oats produce viable seeds.
Oats provide excellent soil erosion control.
Oats provide the greatest nutritional value and are given especially to foals.
Oats seeded in cool soils are also susceptible to rot, if soil moisture is ample.
All oats have edible seeds , though they are small and hard to harvest in most species.
Some oat crops reduce production.
Some oats have black seeds.
Some oats have distribution.
Some oats have seeds.
Oates also reports sometimes considering book club interest during the acquisitions process.
Oates answers questions about the art of poetry.
Oates claims rock musicians are hip to the powers of reverse speech.
Oates claims that backward messages are hidden unintentionally in all human speech.
Oates continues to be a successful academic.
Oates depicts a dark and unsettling fictional world, frequently characterized by violence.
Oates feels uncomfortable without at least two lefty relievers.
Oates has a different take.
Oates hopes the decision becomes moot.
Oates is a potent myth-maker in the drag guise of a social naturalist.
Oates is a professor at some college or other.
Oates is a prolific writer, having penned numerous novels, poetry, short stories, plays and essays.
Oates is a remarkably prolific writer.
Oates is a very easy manager to play for.
Oates is among our most prolific and intelligent American novelists.
Oates is an actor who has done some fine work.
Oates is known as a hugely prolific writer.
Oates is obsessed with the same subjects and situations, recast into new fictions.
Oates is one of the best authors alive today.
Oates is one of the most well respected primatologists currently working in tropical Africa.
Oates is the logical choice.
Oates likes to play percentages.
Oates makes it much more.
Oates paints love as madness.
Oates plays a kind of shell game with good and evil.
Oates respects the other within the self, other people, and the natural world.
Oates watches to determine which players can play a different kind of offensive game.
Oates writes novels, short stories, poetry, and essays.
Oates writes tense, taut prose that lends to an overall feeling of impending doom and failure.
Oaths of allegiance are common.
Oaths of office are stupid.
An oath is profanity
Oaths also obligate lodge members to protect lodge criminals and keep their secrets.
Oaths are commitment.
Oaths are good.
Oaths are illicit which are made to corroborate human contracts and civil commerce.
Oaths are promise.
Oaths are totally worthless.
Oaths are unnecessary.
Oaths are vows.
Oaths are, therefore, conceptually secondary to codes.
Oaths binding the members are taken secretly and are given only by the mouth to the ear.
Oaths have a long heritage.
Oaths involving more than one person require both to be present and to agree to the annulment.
Oaths show date, officer's name, office name, and certification.
Oaths show the name and signature of the petitioner, dated and certified by the clerk of the court.
Oaths vary in different countries according to different laws, constitutions, and religious beliefs.
Oatman locals claim the town had the first movie theater in the state.
Oatman today is a tourist town.
Oatmeal baths are very helpful in relieving the itch.
Oatmeal baths can also bring temporary relief.
Oatmeal baths soothe, too.
Oatmeal bran restricts the absorption of cholesterol - a convenient form is oatmeal porridge.
Oatmeal cookies are a favorite for kids of all ages.
Oatmeal gruel is made the same way, only using two teaspoonfuls instead of one.
Oatmeal powder is an effective home remedy for getting relief from prickly heat.
Oatmeal soup is simple, yet has a rich and complex flavour.
Oatmeal stout is one of many beers using some oats .
Oatmeal stout is one of many beers using some oats.
Oatmeal stouts are smooth and mild, with oats making up an important part of the grist.
An oatmeal is a dish
Oatmeal isa porridge.
Oatmeal works as a gentle and soothing exfolient.
Oatmeal works best in lowering cholesterol for people with the highest initial levels.
Oatmeals contain starches.
Oatmeals form food.
Oatmeals have (part) sauces.
Oatmeals have (part) sections.
Oatmeals have benefits.
Oatmeals have health benefits.
Oatmeals help cholesterol.
Oatmeals mix with water.
Most oatmeals contain starches.
Most oatmeals form food.
Most oatmeals have benefits.
Most oatmeals have health benefits.
Most oatmeals help cholesterol.
Most oatmeals mix with water.
Some oatmeals store in airtight jars.
Some oatmeals store in jars.
Oaty flavor is our favorite.
Oaxaca is part of Mexico.
Oaxaca isa thing.
Oaxacan beaches have fine, white sand.
Oaxacan textiles are almost exclusively the art of Zapotec women.
Obdurate silence grows wild.
An obeche is wood
Obeche is a light-weight hardwood from West Africa.
Obeche occurs in abundance in transitional forest formations.
Obedience class is a pre-requisite.
Obedience class is just the first stop on the road to a well-trained dog.
Obedience classes are as important for the owners as they are for the dog.
Obedience classes are available in most communities.
Obedience classes are available.
Obedience classes are good for both owner and dog.
Obedience classes are great for both dog and owner, and are almost essential for such an active dog.
Obedience classes are great fun and can be rewarding for both dog and owner.
Obedience classes are recommended.
Obedience Classes are the key to happy dogs and happy owners.
Obedience classes tend to have a calming effect on out of control dogs.
Obedience competition recalls are set-ups and have nothing to do with real life.
Obedience competitions require dogs to perform tasks as commanded.
Obedience school is often a means used to place the dalmatians within the family.
Obedience training can correct and solve most behavior problems.
Obedience training can give both parties a common language through which to communicate.
Obedience training can help any dog, though some are easier to train than others.
Obedience training continues.
Obedience training does take time, effort and education to be a success.
Obedience training has many benefits.
Obedience training helps every behavior problem.
Obedience training helps make dogs more manageable and responsive to commands.
Obedience training helps solve other problems.
Obedience training is a GOOD idea.
Obedience training is a lifelong process.
Obedience training is a strong plus when trying to get a jumping problem under control.
Obedience training is a survival necessity for our dogs.
Obedience training is absolutely necessary.
Obedience training is also difficult with such dogs.
Obedience training is also important and advised.
Obedience training is always a plus to help make a good pet.
Obedience training is essential in preventing aggression in dogs.
Obedience training is essential to discourage assertive tendencies.
Obedience training is essential.
Obedience training is fun.
Obedience training is great mental exercise.
Obedience training is highly recommended.
Obedience training is important for any dog being adopted into a new home.
Obedience training is important for any field dog, requiring hours of patient attention and care.
Obedience training is important.
Obedience training is indispensable.
Obedience training is recommended.
Obedience training is strongly encouraged.
Obedience training is the best prevention and the best cure for behavior problems.
Obedience training is the prerequisite to water, draft work and carting.
Obedience training is very important in a relationship with a new or old dog.
Obedience training is very important to maintain a well balanced dog.
Obedience training keeps dogs safe.
Obedience training provides a number of benefits.
Obedience training provides structure, and again, consistency.
Obedience training starts early and starts with the loving hand of the caregiver.
Obedience training starts when they are young.
Obedience acts upon the rhema, and faith is developed through our obedience.
Obedience alone is That for which faith aspires.
Obedience becomes a reflex, strengthened by instant rewards or positive reinforcement.
Obedience becomes more strict.
Obedience brings blessing and fulfillment.
Obedience brings blessing, disobedience destruction.
Obedience brings freedom.
Obedience brings great joy, disobedience brings sadness.
Obedience brings holiness.
Obedience brings reward and punishment, comparison perpetuates a cycle of competition and conflict.
Obedience can also be an enjoyable competitive activity.
Obedience can be a deadly virtue.
Obedience carries in it the life-blood of religion.
Obedience comes from the heart.
Obedience comes from the humbleness of heart.
Obedience does provide help in the storms of life.
Obedience expands agency, and the alternative to obedience is bondage.
Obedience expresses our love and demonstrates our gratitude.
Obedience expresses reverential trust.
Obedience focuses on respecting authority.
Obedience gives great reward.
Obedience goes with commitment.
Obedience has at least two primary responsibilities.
Obedience helps faith, and faith, in turn, helps obedience.
Obedience implies definite restrictions.
Obedience implies hearing.
Obedience implies subordination to a higher rule or authority.
Obedience includes prayerful discernment.
Obedience is a change in belief or behavior in response to pressure from an authority figure.
Obedience is a choice.
Obedience is a complicated act of virtue, and many graces are exercised in one act of obedience.
Obedience is a corollary of faith, and generous giving is an act of worship.
Obedience is a deeper and more durable concept than that.
Obedience is a direct result of selflessness and humility.
Obedience is a form of guidance.
Obedience is a fundamental lesson of life.
Obedience is a long-term commitment.
Obedience is a mark of conversion.
Obedience is a promise to be a faithful listener.
Obedience is a response to grace.
Obedience is a setting in which freedom can more easily and more perfectly operate.
Obedience is a sign of faithfulness.
Obedience is a subject that requires careful thought.
Obedience is a submission
Obedience is a trick, too.
Obedience is a way of life for the missionary priest.
Obedience is a wonderful and a great privilege.
Obedience is a wonderful sport where dogs love to demonstrate their abilities.
Obedience is a word that holds a lot of connotations, some negative.
Obedience is always better than sacrifice.
Obedience is always costly.
Obedience is always hard.
Obedience is always the outward manifestation of faith.
Obedience is always worth it.
Obedience is an abandonment of discernment in a wealth of discernment.
Obedience is an act, but submission is a characteristic of the heart.
Obedience is an especially important concept for housewives.
Obedience is an essential evidence of sanctification or holiness.
Obedience is an essential expression of faith.
Obedience is an essential part of faith.
Obedience is an essential part of military life.
Obedience is an important military virtue because it is intrinsic to the military function.
Obedience is an obligation.
Obedience is an outward act that is predicated on an inward attitude.
Obedience is an outward sign of an agreement.
Obedience is another area where dogs are tested.
Obedience is another important trait.
Obedience is another key to success.
Obedience is another.
Obedience is apparently all.
Obedience is as basic an element in the structure of social life as one can point to.
Obedience is better than sacrifice.
Obedience is better that sacrifice.
Obedience is both the manifestation and evidence of faith.
Obedience is both the way and the means to reach the goal.
Obedience is capable of transforming the social order.
Obedience is cheap when there's no price to be paid for obeying.
Obedience is clearly a test of the handler and dog performing as a team.
Obedience is commended as a virtue.
Obedience is compliance.
Obedience is correct.
Obedience is costly.
Obedience is dangerous, and blind obedience is evil.
Obedience is defined as feminine.
Obedience is demanded.
Obedience is discounted.
Obedience is easy when there's no seductive whisper.
Obedience is essential for wisdom.
Obedience is essential.
Obedience is everywhere and at many different levels.
Obedience is evidence of faith.
Obedience is faith in motion.
Obedience is far better than sacrifice.
Obedience is fine.
Obedience is food for hope.
Obedience is for doing every good deed and showing every consideration for all men.
Obedience is foreign to the carnal nature.
Obedience is from our own mind and heart.
Obedience is good, but against a well designed combat deck, more than obedience is needed.
Obedience is good, obedience is necessary.
Obedience is good.
Obedience is hard work.
Obedience is healing and refreshment.
Obedience is important in monasticism.
Obedience is important.
Obedience is included in justification by faith.
Obedience is ingrained.
Obedience is joyful.
Obedience is just common sense - like getting in out of a storm.
Obedience is key.
Obedience is kinda boring because it's all heel, sit, stay, come and stuff like that.
Obedience is love doing what it is told.
Obedience is mandatory and is validated by instant rewards or positive reinforcement.
Obedience is mandatory once the authority of the Bible is conceded.
Obedience is mandatory.
Obedience is more important than love and compassion.
Obedience is much easier to ask for if it is mutual.
Obedience is much less precise but more demanding than other sports.
Obedience is necessary for a proper relationship with other human beings.
Obedience is necessary.
Obedience is never a flight of responsibility, but rather being plunged into greater responsibility.
Obedience is nothing more than manners.
Obedience is obedience and disobedience is disobedience.
Obedience is one's prior duty.
Obedience is only in what is good.
Obedience is only to avoid punishment.
Obedience is only to the truth.
Obedience is our highest call.
Obedience is our witness to the world that our faith is genuine and real.
Obedience is paramount.
Obedience is possible.
Obedience is preferable to obstinance.
Obedience is proof of love.
Obedience is put aside for the whims and transitory preference of mortal life.
Obedience is really love.
Obedience is required.
Obedience is risk.
Obedience is simply a matter of doing the right acts.
Obedience is simply an activity, as is agility, field work or earth trials.
Obedience is so important.
Obedience is still better than sacrifice.
Obedience is still important.
Obedience is the ability to hear.
Obedience is the action of putting our faith into work.
Obedience is the appropriate response of a servant to their master's orders.
Obedience is the basis upon which a successful Christian witness can be built.
Obedience is the bottom line , it is the key that unlocks the possibility to finally get it right .
Obedience is the catalyst that proves our commitment to the Kingdom of God.
Obedience is the confirmation of belief.
Obedience is the core of all spiritual life, it alone can overcome the craftiness of our ego.
Obedience is the cornerstone to all aspects of dog training.
Obedience is the criterion of faith.
Obedience is the evidence of reality of the covenant relationship.
Obedience is the first and the ut-most important lesson in training.
Obedience is the first degree of humility according to the Rule of Saint Benedict.
Obedience is the first requisite in family training.
Obedience is the first vow of releigion.
Obedience is the food of all the saints.
Obedience is the form of change in behavior when commanded by a higher authority.
Obedience is the foundation for character.
Obedience is the foundation from which all other virtue is built.
Obedience is the fountain of genuine freedom.
Obedience is the fruit of grace.
Obedience is the fruit of justification.
Obedience is the fruit of love.
Obedience is the gateway through which knowledge, yes, and love, too, enter the mind of the child.
Obedience is the heart of all our training programs.
Obedience is the highest dictate of reason as well as of conscience.
Obedience is the highest virtue.
Obedience is the issue.
Obedience is the key to a close relationship.
Obedience is the key to a successful life.
Obedience is the key to climbing in faith.
Obedience is the key to order and peace.
Obedience is the key to the sanctified life.
Obedience is the key.
Obedience is the mark and confirmation of one who is truly redeemed.
Obedience is the means of walking in the light.
Obedience is the mother of all kinds of virtue.
Obedience is the one key of life.
Obedience is the only true form of success.
Obedience is the opener of eyes .
Obedience is the opener of eyes.
Obedience is the outward evidence of genuine trust.
Obedience is the path to life.
Obedience is the path to revival.
Obedience is the prerequisite to power and effectiveness.
Obedience is the principal requirement of redemption.
Obedience is the proof of love Love proves itself through actions.
Obedience is the root of much evil.
Obedience is the stone Despised by all the world.
Obedience is the surrender of personal power.
Obedience is the test of love and love is the content of obedience .
Obedience is the test of one's love.
Obedience is the test of orthodoxy.
Obedience is the token of our faith, and acceptance of forgiveness.
Obedience is the treasure Buried deep in the field.
Obedience is the voluntary slave's lifeblood.
Obedience is their primary rule of conduct .
Obedience is thus the second ingredient of change.
Obedience is to language as paper is to plastic.
Obedience is unmistakably necessary.
Obedience is what was required.
Obedience is what's the important ingredient.
Obedience is when each dog is judged against a scorecard.
Obedience knows no ages or stages.
Obedience leads to blessing, disobedience leads to despair.
Obedience leads to obedience as surely as sin leads to sin.
Obedience leads to true freedom.
Obedience looks like a policeman directing traffic outside the football game.
Obedience means doing what parents say.
Obedience means shifting our expectations to being a blessing instead of just being blessed.
Obedience motivates our payment of the tithe, but sacrifice motivates our giving of offerings.
Obedience needs to be trained outside of the agility ring first.
Obedience occurs in response to a a. suggestion b. social norm c.
Obedience occurs when people follow a direct command.
Obedience produces fruitful ministry.
Obedience produces order and orderly behavior replaces all chaos.
Obedience produces purity, and purity produces understanding.
Obedience relates directly to the blessings and cursings.
Obedience requires submission.
Obedience rises from worship.
Obedience saves soul.
Obedience shows our friendship.
Obedience stems from control and control from obedience.
Obedience takes the place of disobedience, faith makes up for faithlessness.
Obedience tastes like chocolate covered cherries in a brand new box.
Obedience tends to do that.
Obedience train their dogs.
Obedience yields true blessings.
Obedience always involves the human element of intellect and ability.
Obedience always leads to a change of heart.
Obedience always leads to blessing.
Obedience always submits to love.
All obedience is based on faith and love.
Any obedience is better than none.
Obedient discipleship is life-long.
Obedient faith has miraculous issue.
Obedient faith is an adventure.
An obedient plant is a herb
Obedient plant is heat tolerant.
Obedient wives lead their husbands.
An obelisk is a column
Obelisks can have interior spaces.
Obese adolescents have more trouble getting into college and getting a job.
Obese adolescents have significant reductions in blood pressure with weight loss.
Obese adults are less likely to marry than people of normal weight.
Obese adults have more chronic health problems than smokers, heavy drinkers or the poor.
Obese birds make good athletes.
Obese cats are prone to diabetes and joint problems.
Obese cats find it difficult to move around and are often short of breath.
Some obese cats suffer from painful problems.
Some obese cats suffer from problems.
Obese children are at an increased risk for obesity as adults.
Obese children are at risk physically and emotionally.
Obese children are likely to have a. obese parents.
Obese children are more likely to become obese adults.
Obese children experience consequences.
Obese children experience health consequences.
Obese children experience immediate consequences.
Obese children experience immediate health consequences.
Obese children tend to become obese adolescents, who tend to become obese adults.
Obese children tend to become obese adults.
Obese children to become adults.
Obese children to learn sports.
Many obese children become obese adults.
Most obese children experience health consequences.
Most obese children experience immediate consequences.
Most obese children experience immediate health consequences.
Obese cows are more likely to have calving difficulties and metabolic disorders.
Obese dogs are at greater risk than others.
Obese dogs have heavy fat over the ribs, along the spine, and around the tail.
Obese drivers are more likely to sustain broken bones and more likely to die.
Obese goats can eat less during pregnancy.
Obese hamsters are more likely to have problems with their legs .
Obese hamsters are more likely to have problems with their legs.
Obese hens are also more prone to become egg bound when breeding.
Obese individuals are likely to be hypertensive.
Obese individuals can have problems with work-related physical activities, sports, and with sleep.
Obese individuals have a higher incidence of gall bladder disease.
Obese individuals have a higher tolerance for cooling temperatures.
Obese individuals lose weight.
Most obese individuals lose weight.
Most obese individuals tend to devalue protein as an essential dietary item.
Obese men are at elevated risk of developing cancer of the colon, rectum, and prostate.
Obese men are more likely than nonobese men to die from cancer of the colon, rectum, and prostate.
Obese men are more likely that non-obese men to die from cancer of the colon, rectum and prostate.
Obese mares can have difficulty fouling.
Obese parents rear obese children.
Obese parents tend to have obese children.
Some obese participants lose pounds.
Obese patients are especially vulnerable.
Obese patients can e-mail their weight and other data weekly, and can be coached online.
Obese patients can sometimes correct their PCOS condition by losing weight and keeping it off.
Obese patients have a higher risk of suffering accidents because they loose their gravity center.
Obese patients have artery diseases.
Obese patients have coronary artery diseases.
Obese patients have coronary diseases.
Obese patients have diseases.
Obese patients have higher risk of coronary artery disease and lower risk of osteoporosis.
Obese patients suffer an endless list of indignities.
Many obese patients are unable to find adequate employment or medical care.
Most obese patients have artery diseases.
Most obese patients have coronary artery diseases.
Most obese patients have coronary diseases.
Most obese patients have diseases.
Some obese patients have positive results.
Some obese patients have results.
Some obese patients take grapefruit juice.
Some obese patients take juice.
Obese people are also likely to be discriminated against.
Obese people are also more likely to die .
Obese people are also more likely to die.
Obese people are at an increased risk of heart attack and subsequent drowning while diving.
Obese people are at higher risk for degenerative conditions such as diabetes, arthritis and cancer.
Obese people are easy prey to all sorts of fads, gimmicks and gadgets.
Obese people are less active.
Obese people are liable to stressing their backs.
Obese people are more likely to eat due to external cues rather than internal ones.
Obese people are more prone to a wide range of health problems.
Obese people are more prone to heartburn.
Obese people are particularly at risk.
Obese people are resistant to the message due to deficiency in leptin receptors.
Obese people are subject to a variety of negative judgements.
Obese people are twice as likely to die from heart disease as people of a healthy weight.
Obese people are usually less active than non-obese persons.
Obese people face discrimination in education, work, healthcare and social relationships.
Obese people have a higher risk of diabetes, high blood pressure and cholesterol.
Obese people have a higher than normal risk for a heart attack.
Obese people have an increased risk for health problems.
Obese people have an increased risk of heart attack and stroke and a higher incidence of diabetes.
Obese people have high levels of leptin in their blood.
Obese people run a high risk of coronary diseases.
Obese people run a higher risk of diabetes, heart disease, arthritis and many other health problems.
Obese people seem to be more sensitive to endorphins' appetite-stimulating effects than lean people.
Obese people suggest diets.
Obese people tend to have high leptin levels.
Many obese people have trouble keeping weight off.
Many obese people live to ripe, healthy old ages.
Many obese people report increased stress, emotional problems, and discrimination.
Many obese people skip breakfast.
Most obese people have cortisol excretion.
Most obese people have excretion.
Most obese people have urinary excretion.
Most obese people lose weight.
Some obese people choose gastric reduction surgery to help alleviate their problem.
Obese people have cortisol excretion.
Obese people have excretion.
Obese people have urinary excretion.
Obese people lose weight.
Obese persons are also more difficult to treat than people of normal weight.
Obese persons are also overweight.
Obese persons are likely to have a deficiency of the human growth hormone.
Obese pets can have high blood pressure and are at risk for heart disease.
Obese pets have a reduced quality of life.
Some obese rats carry mutation.
Obese rodents lack leptin, whereas, underweight rodents have an abundance of leptin.
Obese standards are invalid.
Obese women are at elevated risk of developing cancer of the breast, cervix, uterus, and ovaries.
Obese women are at highest risk for developing lactic acidosis.
Obese women are at increased risk of endometrial and ovarian cancer.
Obese women are more at risk, especially after the menopause.
Obese women are more likely than thin women to develop breast cancer after menopause.
Obese women are particularly prone to cancer of the uterus, cervix, ovary, gall bladder and breast.
Obese women convert hormones secreted by the adrenal gland into estrogen in their fat cells.
Obese women exhibit differences.
Obese women have a higher risk of developing diabetes and hypertension during pregnancy.
Obese women have almost twice the risk of getting breast cancer after menopause as thin women.
Obese women have fat tissue.
Obese women have tissue.
Obese women run triple the risk.
Obese women tend to suffer from greater prejudice than obese men.
Most obese women exhibit differences.
Most obese women have fat tissue.
Most obese women have tissue.
Some obese women die after crash diets.
Some obese women die after diets.
Some obese women drink green tea.
Some obese women drink tea.
Obesity drug can lead to modest weight loss, study finds.
Obesity drug shows some success in people.
Some obesity drugs are currently available and some new drugs are being tested.
Obesity epidemic threatens health in exercise-deprived societies.
Obesity research is limited by insufficient research dollars.
Obesity research seems to have entered a new phase.
Obesity research shows that long term weight loss is unattainable by most people.
Obesity research shows that long-term weight loss is unattainable by most people.
Obesity research springs a proton leak.
Obesity surgery can be an excellent tool to achieve long-term significant weight loss.
Obesity surgery is another popular procedure that is considered part of plastic surgery.
Obesity surgery is overwhelmingly the most successful method for long term weight loss.
Obesity adds stress to the heart, bones, and muscles.
Obesity adds to the problem by putting more strain on the unstable joints.
Obesity affects both sexes, across all age groups, races, and educational backgrounds.
Obesity affects economc, social status.
Obesity affects economic and social status.
Obesity affects economic social status.
Obesity affects economic, social status.
Obesity affects far more than just appearance.
Obesity affects health.
Obesity affects more than the bottom line.
Obesity affects one in five children in the United States.
Obesity afflicts about a third of U.S. adults.
Obesity also adds pressure.
Obesity also affects child health.
Obesity also affects youngsters who have reached marriageable age.
Obesity also aggravates the condition.
Obesity also can predispose a woman to endometrial cancer.
Obesity also causes diabetes, heart damage, liver failure.
Obesity also causes liver and kidney disease.
Obesity also compromises the effectiveness of a proper physical exam.
Obesity also decreases gallbladder emptying.
Obesity also has an aggravating influence on several cardiovascular risk factors.
Obesity also increase the risks of surgery and childbirth.
Obesity also increases abdominal pressure.
Obesity also increases mortality from all causes, including cardiovascular disease and cancer.
Obesity also increases risk.
Obesity also increases the risk of injury to the other knee.
Obesity also increases the risk of stroke, diabetes and high blood pressure.
Obesity also increases the risk of stroke, diabetes, and high blood pressure.
Obesity also influences women's cholesterol levels and heart-disease risk.
Obesity also is an independent risk factor for heart disease.
Obesity also is prevalent among males.
Obesity also leads to osteoarthritis because of the stress of excess weight on the body s joints.
Obesity also plays a prominent role in hypertension, osteoarthritis and immune dysfunction.
Obesity also predisposes individuals to developing diabetes.
Obesity also raises the risk of gallstones, arthritis and a host of other conditions.
Obesity also results if the hormones that the pituitary gland secretes are deficient.
Obesity also seems to play a role.
Obesity alters the way hormones are made and function.
Obesity appears to be casually related to colon cancer.
Obesity arises as a result of behavioral, environmental, and genetic factors.
Obesity arises from many general places.
Obesity attenuates the growth hormone response to exercise.
Obesity becomes a disease of the poor.
Obesity becomes health problems.
Obesity becomes problems.
Obesity can affect ovulation and menstruation, causing failure to ovulate and menstrual dysfunction.
Obesity can affect the cycle by accidentally converting adrenal hormones into estrogen.
Obesity can also adversely affect their self esteem.
Obesity can also adversely affect their self-esteem.
Obesity can also be a symptom.
Obesity can also cause emotional distress, including depression.
Obesity can also cause lung, liver and heart diseases.
Obesity can also cause secondary osteoarthritis due to the added pressure on weight bearing joints.
Obesity can also decrease testosterone levels.
Obesity can also lead to stretch marks.
Obesity can be a predisposing factor to eating disorders, especially in men .
Obesity can be a problem when fed unhealthy, unbalanced diets.
Obesity can be a real problem in house rabbits.
Obesity can be a serious health issue for children and teenagers, and it deserves to be a priority.
Obesity can be an added feature.
Obesity can be as deadly as malnutrition.
Obesity can be hereditary, hence some people are at increased risk.
Obesity can be just as deadly.
Obesity can bring out the metabolic syndrome in people who are genetically predisposed to it.
Obesity can cause a host of problems for children now and in the future.
Obesity can cause complications, some of which are severe.
Obesity can cause diabetes , heart conditions , cancer and high blood pressure .
Obesity can cause fatty deposits in the liver, leading to inflammation.
Obesity can cause heart disease, high blood pressure, cancer and diabetes.
Obesity can cause impairment of heart, respiratory and digestive functions.
Obesity can cause increased fat deposits in the throat which can narrow the air passage.
Obesity can cause many health problems due to the strain it puts on organs and joints.
Obesity can cause spine and leg problems.
Obesity can cause the number of receptors for insulin to decrease.
Obesity can contribute to cancers of the colon, breast, prostate, gallbladder, ovaries and uterus.
Obesity can contribute to coronary heart disease, stroke and diabetes.
Obesity can contribute to heart disease, diabetes and arthritis.
Obesity can contribute to many other health problems.
Obesity can decrease the quality and the length of the animal's life.
Obesity can foster poor self-esteem and pave the way for eating disorders.
Obesity can have serious health consequences.
Obesity can impair ovulation and interfere with ovulation-inducing drug therapy.
Obesity can impede the muscles that inflate and ventilate the lungs.
Obesity can lead to a number of health problems, including diabetes.
Obesity can lead to a wheelchair existence or to an expensive knee replacement.
Obesity can lead to diabetes, which then compounds the problem of heart disease.
Obesity can lead to diseases later on in life.
Obesity can lead to heart disease, diabetes and high blood pressure.
Obesity can lead to liver disease and other metabolic problems.
Obesity can lead to major illnesses, like diabetes and coronary heart disease.
Obesity can lead to many health problems.
Obesity can lead to many of the more serious conditions such as diabetes.
Obesity can lead to sterilization of males.
Obesity can make hypertension worse.
Obesity can result from overfeeding and has been noted to be a problem in captivity.
Obesity can result in cruciate ligament rupture.
Obesity can result in diabetes, heart and liver diseases, breathing difficulties and arthritis.
Obesity can result in insulin resistance, a major characteristic of diabetes.
Obesity can seriously affect our health.
Obesity can seriously increase the incidence of diseases.
Obesity can weaken physical health and well-being and can shorten life expectancy.
Obesity caused by hormone pills is a bit difficult to get rid unlike other forms of obesity.
Obesity causes a desire to exercises.
Obesity causes an increased incidence of sleep apnea.
Obesity causes arthritis, heart disease, and kidney disease.
Obesity causes death.
Obesity causes diabetes and is a burden on the heart.
Obesity causes increased stress on joints, especially knees and ankles.
Obesity causes issues.
Obesity causes many abnormalities in laboratory tests.
Obesity causes pain.
Obesity causes premature death.
Obesity causes problems.
Obesity causes serious issues.
Obesity causes serious medical issues.
Obesity causes the heart to work harder.
Obesity clearly raises the risk of cancer.
Obesity commonly is a sensitive issue in adolscents of either sex.
Obesity continues to be a problem for patients in the United States.
Obesity continues to increase rapidly in the United States.
Obesity continues to plague the American public and the health system.
Obesity contributes to a variety of diseases, including heart disease, diabetes, and cancer.
Obesity contributes to diabetes, cancer, heart disease and stroke.
Obesity contributes to diseases.
Obesity contributes to health problems.
Obesity contributes to heart diseases.
Obesity contributes to many other health problems.
Obesity contributes to many other problems.
Obesity contributes to many problems.
Obesity contributes to problems.
Obesity correlates with other factors as well, such as poor dietary habits, genetics, and ethnicity.
Obesity correlates with symptoms in gout.
Obesity creates a psychological burden, quality of life issues.
Obesity creates a similar situation.
Obesity currently affects roughly one-third of American adults and the incidence is increasing.
Obesity damages society in ways that rival the hit from cigarette smoking.
Obesity decreases rate of conception and increases risk for whelping complications.
Obesity decreases the number of receptors.
Obesity describes a person s weight.
Obesity develops from a chronic excess of energy intake over energy expenditure.
Obesity develops when calorie input exceeds calorie output.
Obesity develops when energy intake exceeds energy expenditure.
Obesity develops when energy intake exceeds energy requirements.
Obesity disproportionately affects blacks.
Obesity does appear to run in some alpaca families.
Obesity does, in fact, shorten life.
Obesity exacerbates dyslipidemia.
Obesity gives rise to various ailments and ailments prevent one from taking exercises.
Obesity greatly increases the probability of founder.
Obesity greatly increases the risk of urinary tract disease.
Obesity has a greater effect than plasma insulin on various pathophysiologies.
Obesity has a high association with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome.
Obesity has a negative influence on blood pressure and cholesterol and made lead to diabetes.
Obesity has a strong association with infertility and menstrual irregularities.
Obesity has enormous health implications.
Obesity has important health implications.
Obesity has many causes.
Obesity has many dangerous effects on pregnancy.
Obesity has many negative health consequences and significantly reduces overall quality of life.
Obesity increases as people age.
Obesity increases blood pressure and cholesterol and can lead to diabetes.
Obesity increases estrogen levels in women and can cause early menarche in young girls.
Obesity increases insulin resistance.
Obesity increases over time.
Obesity increases perspiration.
Obesity increases risk for diabetes.
Obesity increases risk for problematic wounds.
Obesity increases risk of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, hypertension and other illnesses.
Obesity increases the relative risk of cancer of the breast, uterus, and colon.
Obesity increases the risk for osteoarthritis of the knee.
Obesity increases the risk for such problems as heart disease and diabetes.
Obesity increases the risk of colon cancer.
Obesity increases the risk of coronary heart disease, osteoarthritis, and various cancers.
Obesity increases the risk of degenerative conditions such as osteoarthritis of the knee.
Obesity increases the risk of diabetes, heart disease, stroke, and other health problems.
Obesity increases the risk of high blood pressure and coronary heart disease.
Obesity increases the risk of high blood pressure and, consequently, stroke.
Obesity increases the risk of hypertension, diabetes and coronary heart disease.
Obesity increases the risk of kidney stones.
Obesity increases the risk of uterine cancer, and there's convincing evidence of that.
Obesity induced by a high-fat diet is associated with reduced brain insulin transport in dogs.
Obesity is a bad choice, but it's a choice.
Obesity is a big subject, with evolutionary, genetic, biochemical, and cultural components.
Obesity is a cause of numerous adult diseases.
Obesity is a chronic condition.
Obesity is a chronic disease and needs to be treated as such.
Obesity is a chronic disease in which the body has an unhealthy amount of excess fat tissue.
Obesity is a chronic disease just like high blood pressure, just like diabetes.
Obesity is a chronic disease which can be successfully managed.
Obesity is a chronic disease with a familial component.
Obesity is a chronic disease.
Obesity is a chronic disorder that affects a large number of people, and it is on the rise.
Obesity is a chronic illness.
Obesity is a chronic medical condition and can be effectively treated.
Obesity is a chronic medical problem with serious complications.
Obesity is a chronic, relapsing disease affecting millions of people throughout the world.
Obesity is a clinical sign, which has several possible causes.
Obesity is a common ailment in cats today.
Obesity is a common and widespread condition.
Obesity is a common cause of hypertension.
Obesity is a common condition which can have profoundly negative health and social consequences.
Obesity is a common disease which poses serious health risks, particularly for diabetics.
Obesity is a common eating disorder associated with adolescence.
Obesity is a common problem in cockatiels.
Obesity is a common problem in the breed, which can lead to back problems.
Obesity is a common problem with the breed because they burn calories at a slower rate.
Obesity is a common, and increasing, condition in modern society.
Obesity is a complex condition that has resisted simple, magic bullet solutions.
Obesity is a complex condition that the medical community is just beginning to understand.
Obesity is a complex trait where many social, behavioural and biological factors are involved.
Obesity is a complex, chronic disease requiring long-term weight management.
Obesity is a complicated disease.
Obesity is a concern to many owners, and contributes to a variety of health problems.
Obesity is a condition of excess body fat.
Obesity is a condition of excessive body fat that can lead to adverse health effects.
Obesity is a condition signified by excess body fat that frequently results in poor health.
Obesity is a condition that has been supported by our life-style.
Obesity is a contributing factor in obstructive sleep apnea.
Obesity is a contributing risk factor for heart disease that can be changed.
Obesity is a decreased risk for breast cancer premenopausally.
Obesity is a disease.
Obesity is a disorder of equal magnitude and disruption.
Obesity is a extremely common condition among pet dogs large and small.
Obesity is a factor in both disease and premature death.
Obesity is a factor in most cases.
Obesity is a form of malnourishment.
Obesity is a form of malnutrition where there is a problem of nutrient imbalance.
Obesity is a growing concern.
Obesity is a growing national health problem among both adults and children.
Obesity is a growing problem all over the world.
Obesity is a growing problem among the members.
Obesity is a growing problem every year in the United States.
Obesity is a growing problem in the UK and in other developed countries.
Obesity is a growing public health problem in America.
Obesity is a health risk.
Obesity is a hereditary disease.
Obesity is a highly prevalent medical condition and is commonly accompanied by hypertension.
Obesity is a huge problem.
Obesity is a huge worry to health experts.
Obesity is a known risk factor for the development of diabetes.
Obesity is a leading cause of preventable deaths.
Obesity is a leading contributor to heart disease and diabetes in adults.
Obesity is a leading risk factor for a wide range of cardiovascular and other serious diseases.
Obesity is a major cause for the sharp rise.
Obesity is a major cause of disease in cockatiels.
Obesity is a major cause of infertility.
Obesity is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in the United States.
Obesity is a major cause of mortality in the United States,'' concludes one of the surveys.
Obesity is a major cause of the overall loss of energy experienced by so many people.
Obesity is a major cause.
Obesity is a major contributor to disease in older dogs.
Obesity is a major factor.
Obesity is a major health problem for African-American men and women.
Obesity is a major health problem in all developed countries.
Obesity is a major health problem in America.
Obesity is a major health problem in Indiana.
Obesity is a major health problem in the United States and is increasing at epidemic proportions.
Obesity is a major health problem in the United States and the subject of much research.
Obesity is a major health problem in the United States and there is no effective cure or treatment.
Obesity is a major health problem which is clearly influenced by low birth weight.
Obesity is a major preventable cause of death in the United States.
Obesity is a major problem among children in the United States.
Obesity is a major problem for many men.
Obesity is a major problem in more and more developed countries.
Obesity is a major problem in the United States as well as in some other countries.
Obesity is a major problem, with the Australian weight problem continuing to creep up.
Obesity is a major public health problem in the United States and worldwide.
Obesity is a major public health problem.
Obesity is a major risk factor for a heart attack.
Obesity is a major risk factor for diabetes.
Obesity is a major risk factor for gallstones, especially in women.
Obesity is a major risk factor for heart disease, stroke, diabetes and cancer.
Obesity is a major risk factor for hypertension.
Obesity is a major risk factor for multiple illnesses and diseases.
Obesity is a major risk factor for serious illness, and no longer just a cosmetic issue.
Obesity is a major risk factor for the formation of gallstones.
Obesity is a major risk factor in developing today's chronic killer diseases.
Obesity is a metabolic disorder, just like diabetes or elevated cholesterol .
Obesity is a modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Obesity is a national health problem.
Obesity is a problem in any species.
Obesity is a problem of emaciated myocytes and bloated adipocytes.
Obesity is a problem that frustrates both patients and physicians.
Obesity is a prominent health issue in North America.
Obesity is a property
Obesity is a protective maneuver, to maximize food consumption during times of plenty, gone wrong.
Obesity is a real medical problem for some people.
Obesity is a real problem for Basset Hounds.
Obesity is a real public health issue.
Obesity is a risk factor for breast cancer in postmenopausal women.
Obesity is a risk factor for colon cancer in both men and women, reports a federal researcher.
Obesity is a risk factor for diabetes, gallbladder disease, heart disease, and high blood pressure.
Obesity is a risk factor for diabetes.
Obesity is a risk factor for diseases to be avoided where possible.
Obesity is a risk factor for heart disease and a culprit in other diseases as well.
Obesity is a risk factor for heart disease and can be a culprit in other diseases, as well.
Obesity is a risk factor for heart disease.
Obesity is a risk factor for many diseases.
Obesity is a risk factor for several forms of cancer, including cancer of the breast and uterus.
Obesity is a risk factor for several medical disorders, including diabetes and stroke.
Obesity is a risk factor for venous thromboembolism.
Obesity is a risk for sleep apnea, as is a high proportion of body fat on the neck.
Obesity is a safety concern.
Obesity is a serious and growing public health problem.
Obesity is a serious concern to all health care practitioners.
Obesity is a serious health concern that severely decreases the quality of life for many people.
Obesity is a serious health hazard.
Obesity is a serious health problem for kids.
Obesity is a serious health problem that can be helped with a sensible diet and exercise program.
Obesity is a serious health problem.
Obesity is a serious health threat to people everywhere.
Obesity is a serious link to disk problems in our breeds.
Obesity is a serious medical problem in the United States.
Obesity is a serious problem but there is no quick fix or magic cure.
Obesity is a serious problem in dogs.
Obesity is a severe medical problem.
Obesity is a significant health problem in many pets, and can contribute to major disease.
Obesity is a significant health risk factor for CVDs that can be prevented and controlled.
Obesity is a significant problem in the pet feline population.
Obesity is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Obesity is a significant risk factor, particularly for men.
Obesity is a significant secondary risk factor for stroke.
Obesity is a state of disease.
Obesity is a strong predictor for heart disease, especially among women.
Obesity is a strong predictor of heart disease, especially among women.
Obesity is a strong risk factor for gallstones.
Obesity is a strong risk factor for non-insulin dependent diabetes.
Obesity is a ticking time bomb, in terms of both health and health care expense.
Obesity is a tough problem for everyone in America.
Obesity is a very complex issue.
Obesity is a very complex problem.
Obesity is a very real, potentially dangerous issue that needs to be addressed.
Obesity is a very relative disorder.
Obesity is a well-studied risk factor for gallstone formation.
Obesity is a western epidemic.
Obesity is a wide-spread public health issue that needs our urgent attention.
Obesity is a worldwide epidemic, affecting all countries and all ethnicities.
Obesity is all too common in America.
Obesity is also a contributing factor for a number of other conditions, including arthritis.
Obesity is also a factor.
Obesity is also a kind of malnutrition.
Obesity is also a major cause of developing hypertension.
Obesity is also a major factor for incontinence in older women.
Obesity is also a major factor in hypertension.
Obesity is also a risk factor for diabetes.
Obesity is also a risk factor for heart disease.
Obesity is also a risk factor for sleep apnea.
Obesity is also a risk factor for snoring.
Obesity is also a risk factor for uterine, cervix, ovary, gallbladder and prostate cancers.
Obesity is also a risk factor, especially with hip and knee involvement.
Obesity is also a risk factor.
Obesity is also a serious health problem for the nation's children.
Obesity is also a significant risk factor for both women and men, as is diabetes.
Obesity is also an important factor.
Obesity is also controllable, through moderate exercise and dietary changes.
Obesity is also in vogue.
Obesity is also interesting from the viewpoint of thrifty gene .
Obesity is also more common in adults employed in manual occupations, particularly in women.
Obesity is also the cause of many other serious disorders and diseases.
Obesity is America's most serious nutritional problem.
Obesity is America's number one general health problem.
Obesity is among the easiest medical conditions to recognize but most difficult to treat.
Obesity is an American obsession.
Obesity is an epidemic among people and the same is coming true for cats and dogs.
Obesity is an epidemic among pets as it is among people, and is a major health concern.
Obesity is an epidemic in America and people heed help, in many different ways.
Obesity is an epidemic in the United States and other developed countries.
Obesity is an epidemic in the United States.
Obesity is an established health hazard.
Obesity is an established risk factor for heart disease, certain cancers, and stroke.
Obesity is an ever-growing problem.
Obesity is an excess amount of body fat.
Obesity is an excess of body fat, frequently resulting in a significant impairment of health.
Obesity is an excess of body fat.
Obesity is an excessive amount of fat weight.
Obesity is an excessive storage of body fat.
Obesity is an extreme condition where the body is completely out of balance in every way.
Obesity is an extremely complex issue.
Obesity is an increasing problem in Zuni.
Obesity is an increasingly common problem in dogs in Western countries.
Obesity is an independent risk factor for heart disease as well as other disorders.
Obesity is an independent risk factor for heart disease.
Obesity is an issue, awaiting genetic blood test results for prader-willi syndrome.
Obesity is an uncommon problem in ferrets owing to their high metabolic rates.
Obesity is another factor.
Obesity is another important food-related health issue.
Obesity is another major risk factor.
Obesity is another risk factor for cancer that is affected by diet.
Obesity is another risk factor for heart disease.
Obesity is another significant factor.
Obesity is as great an issue for fish as for people and dogs.
Obesity is associated with a decreased leptin transport across the blood-brain barrier in rats.
Obesity is associated with a large number of very important diseases.
Obesity is associated with greater health problems than overweight .
Obesity is associated with greater health problems than overweight.
Obesity is associated with high blood pressure, heart disease, diabetes, and some types of cancer.
Obesity is associated with high levels of low density lipoproteins.
Obesity is associated with hyperinsulinemia and increased islet cell insulin secretion.
Obesity is associated with increased risk of premature death and considerable ill health.
Obesity is associated with increased risk of premature death and ill health.
Obesity is associated with increased secretion of cholesterol in the bile.
Obesity is associated with inefficient energy production.
Obesity is associated with insulin resistance, which is where too much insulin is made.
Obesity is associated with many health complications.
Obesity is associated with many serious illnesses.
Obesity is associated with physical inactivity.
Obesity is associated with premature occurrence of acute myocardial infarction.
Obesity is at an all time high.
Obesity is bad for one's health.
Obesity is both simple and complex.
Obesity is brought on by lifestyle and causes disease.
Obesity is caused by a combination of genetic and environmental factors.
Obesity is caused by disturbed carbohydrate metabolism.
Obesity is caused by excessive fat accumulation in the body.
Obesity is caused by genetics.
Obesity is caused by giving the dog too many snacks and too little exercise.
Obesity is caused by lack of exercise and a diet too high in fat.
Obesity is characterized by both an increase in adipocyte cell size and number.
Obesity is characterized by the accumulation of an excessive amount of fatty or adipose tissue.
Obesity is classified by the percent over the ideal body weight.
Obesity is clearly a risk factor.
Obesity is common in Fiji.
Obesity is common in North America, Australasia and Europe.
Obesity is complex and is influenced by a variety of social, behavioral andphysical elements.
Obesity is concentrated in cities.
Obesity is considered a serious disease and has been linked to shortened life expectancy.
Obesity is considered by doctors to be a disease within itself.
Obesity is considered by many doctors to be a disease in itself.
Obesity is considered the most significant nutritional disorder in the industrialized world.
Obesity is currently the most common nutritional disease seen in cats.
Obesity is dangerous for many health reasons.
Obesity is defined as an accumulation of excess fat in the body.
Obesity is defined as an excess of body fat.
Obesity is defined as having a high amount of body fat.
Obesity is defined as having an excessive amount of body fat.
Obesity is defined as having excessive amounts of body fat.
Obesity is defined as the excess accumulation of body fat.
Obesity is defined as the inability for the body to balance caloric intake and energy output.
Obesity is defined by percentage of body fat.
Obesity is defined in the United States in terms of the body mass index.
Obesity is definitely on the rise, and TV is definitely one of the major factors.
Obesity is determined by measuring body fat content as well as weight.
Obesity is detrimental to most patients in one way or another.
Obesity is difficult to treat.
Obesity is diseases.
Obesity is due to almost entirely to heredity.
Obesity is due to reduced activity, over-feeding and a lower metabolic rate.
Obesity is easier to prevent than it is to treat.
Obesity is epidemic.
Obesity is excess body fat.
Obesity is far more serious than just excess weight.
Obesity is figuratively and literally a disease of enormous proportions.
Obesity is filled with topics on the benefits of exercise.
Obesity is found a little more among men than women.
Obesity is frequently due to malnutrition.
Obesity is funny.
Obesity is harmful because fat cells produce estrogen in addition to what the ovaries also produce.
Obesity is implicated the most strongly in coronary disease.
Obesity is indeed a huge problem in North America.
Obesity is known to be associated with musculoskeletal or joint-related pain.
Obesity is known to cause serious health problems.
Obesity is known to protect against osteoporosis.
Obesity is linked strongly with diabetes and heart disease, as well as with some cancers.
Obesity is linked to a variety of serious health conditions, including heart disease and diabetes.
Obesity is linked to an increased incidence of chronic disease.
Obesity is linked to an increased risk of breast cancer.
Obesity is linked to cancers of the uterus, gallbladder, breast and colon.
Obesity is linked to cancers of the uterus, gallbladder, breast, and colon.
Obesity is linked to diabetes, high blood pressure, heart disease and knee and joint problems.
Obesity is linked to higher than average rates of depression and greater mental illness.
Obesity is linked to serious cardiovascular diseases including strokes and heart attacks.
Obesity is linked to social deprivation.
Obesity is linked with all forms of cardiovascular disease and increases the risk of dying early.
Obesity is measured by comparing a person's weight and height.
Obesity is measured in terms of body mass as it relates to fat.
Obesity is measured solely on the basis of weight.
Obesity is more prevalent in lower economic groups.
Obesity is more problematic.
Obesity is more than a cosmetic concern.
Obesity is more than a cosmetic problem.
Obesity is more than just a cosmetic concern, though.
Obesity is most likely a multi-causal problem, with contributions from several areas.
Obesity is most risky for young people and for people who have been obese for a long time.
Obesity is much more common among heavy meat-users.
Obesity is now a serious public health problem.
Obesity is now second to only smoking as a cause of mortality in the United States.
Obesity is observed at a high incidence.
Obesity is of special interest where diabetes is present.
Obesity is often present, and the development of diabetes is fairly common.
Obesity is often the cause of diabetes in adults.
Obesity is on one side of the health spectrum.
Obesity is on the rise in America, and unfortunately many young children are already overweight.
Obesity is on the rise in children, and excess sugar can be a contributing factor.
Obesity is on the rise worldwide at an alarming rate in both developed and less-developed countries.
Obesity is on the way up.
Obesity is one of the chief causes of heart disease and of some cancers.
Obesity is one of the hardest conditions to prevent and treat.
Obesity is one of the key risk factors for gallstones.
Obesity is one of the main health problems of older dogs.
Obesity is one of the major contributors toward death .
Obesity is one of the most common health problems of older dogs.
Obesity is one of the most common reasons for visits to adolescent clinics.
Obesity is one of the most prevalent health hazards in industrialied countries.
Obesity is one of the most serious health problems facing the youth of Asia.
Obesity is one of the most serious health risks prevalent today in the United States.
Obesity is one of the most serious public health problems in the United States.
Obesity is one of the most significant health problems in the developed countries.
Obesity is one of the nation's most significant health problems.
Obesity is one of the possible by-products of poor eating habits.
Obesity is one of the risk factors.
Obesity is one of the strongest risk factors for gallstones.
Obesity is one result of our consumer-oriented society.
Obesity is particularly common among inner-city teens.
Obesity is probably a health issue they ll never even have to think about.
Obesity is probably the most commonly quoted disadvantage of neutering.
Obesity is probably the most commonly quoted disadvantage of spaying.
Obesity is rare but by late childhood some increased weight gain can occur.
Obesity is recognized as a multifaceted disease best approached in a comprehensive way.
Obesity is related to age, sex, social class and cultural background.
Obesity is related to cardiovascular disease and other diseases.
Obesity is second only to smoking as a leading cause of preventable deaths.
Obesity is similar in character to many chronic diseases, yet no single cause has been identified.
Obesity is sometimes the result of other disease states, such as hypothyroidism.
Obesity is still a tremendous risk factor.
Obesity is suspected as the cause of the jump.
Obesity is suspected in the rise in heart attacks among the young.
Obesity is the accumulation of excess energy stored as fat.
Obesity is the cause of many sequellae such as hypertension, diabetes and cancer.
Obesity is the common link between many disease states.
Obesity is the direct effect of a lack of local food accessibility.
Obesity is the excess accumulation of body fat.
Obesity is the fastest growing chronic disease, especially among children.
Obesity is the key to their survival.
Obesity is the leading modifiable risk factor for diabetes.
Obesity is the leading risk factor for diabetes.
Obesity is the main cause of heart ailment and treating the disorder is a tough task.
Obesity is the medical term for extreme overweight conditions.
Obesity is the most common health problem facing children.
Obesity is the most common health problem in developed countries.
Obesity is the most common nutritional disorder in children and often leads to obesity in adulthood.
Obesity is the most common nutritional disorder in Western societies.
Obesity is the most common nutritional problem facing children in the United States.
Obesity is the most common nutritional problem in companion animals.
Obesity is the most commonly noted medical condition.
Obesity is the most important environmental factor in patients that are genetically predisposed.
Obesity is the most prevalent and serious nutritional disease in the United States.
Obesity is the most serious health problem in the United States today.
Obesity is the most serious medical problem facing dogs in the U.S. today.
Obesity is the net result of an excess of energy consumption over expenditure.
Obesity is the number one cause of diabetes.
Obesity is the number one chronic disease among dogs, say veterinarians.
Obesity is the number one nutritional disease in pets and can result in serious health problems.
Obesity is the primary health problem.
Obesity is the result of a complex interaction between genetics and environment.
Obesity is the result of a consistently greater intake of energy, i.e. food, than output of energy.
Obesity is the result of habitually consuming more calories than one burns.
Obesity is the result of many influences.
Obesity is the result of overfeeding and lack of physical activity.
Obesity is the second largest cause of death after cigarette smoking.
Obesity is the second leading cause of premature death.
Obesity is the second leading cause of preventable death in the United States.
Obesity is the second leading cause of unnecessary deaths.
Obesity is the second leading preventable cause of death after smoking.
Obesity is the second most common preventable cause of death in the United States.
Obesity is the second most common problem seen in pet bunnies.
Obesity is the second-leading cause of preventable death, after smoking.
Obesity is the state of being very overweight .
Obesity is the state of being very overweight.
Obesity is the underlying cause of a majority of diseases affecting mankind today.
Obesity is the worst enemy of the draft dog.
Obesity is thought by some to also be a part of the syndrome.
Obesity is thought to be a causative factor.
Obesity is thought to increase the risk of postmenopausal breast cancer.
Obesity is too big a problem to be left to the physicians.
Obesity is treated in a group setting, with a long-term commitment.
Obesity is twice as common among older people as among younger people.
Obesity is unhealthy because excess weight increases the strain on the heart.
Obesity is unhealthy because it places a lot of strain on the heart.
Obesity is unhealthy excess weight.
Obesity is usually only a problem if the diet is too high in fat.
Obesity is very difficult to treat.
Obesity is viewed differently from culture to culture.
Obesity is when one has excess body fat.
Obesity is when weight exceeds a certain percentage of the norm and causes health problems.
Obesity is yet another modifiable risk factor for heart disease.
Obesity is, er, a growing problem.
Obesity is, in fact a serious disease with serious medical consequences.
Obesity is, in general, the result of personal choices and poses zero risk of communication.
Obesity isa property.
Obesity leads the young adult to become dissatisfied or fixated with their body image.
Obesity leads to chronic disease such as stroke, heart disease, and diabetes.
Obesity leads to hypertension, high cholesterol and diabetes.
Obesity leads to increased reflux.
Obesity leads to many other health problems, including adult-onset diabetes.
Obesity leads to paralysis of the Bassets.
Obesity leads to serious health problems such as heart disease.
Obesity leads to several diseases both in pets and people.
Obesity leads to untold problems and shortens the life span.
Obesity limits performance in aerobic activities.
Obesity makes arthritis hard to manage.
Obesity makes people psychologically disturbed and always conscious about their appearance.
Obesity makes the concealment of the penis worse.
Obesity means an excess of body fat regardless of weight.
Obesity means different things to different people.
Obesity means illness and sick days and that means lost productivity.
Obesity now affects one in five children in the United States.
Obesity now causes more illness and death than smoking.
Obesity occurs when far more calories are consumed than are used by the body.
Obesity only aggravates navicular disease.
Obesity overtaxes growing bones and joints.
Obesity places a strain particularly on the cardiovascular and musculoskeletal systems.
Obesity poses danger.
Obesity poses many danger.
Obesity poses serious health threats to Indiana residents and is a growing problem.
Obesity presents a double barrelled problem.
Obesity presents numerous problems for the child.
Obesity presents serious medical risks.
Obesity produces social isolation because of the teasing by peers of obese children and teens.
Obesity promotes high cholesterol, hypertension, and diabetes that contribute to heart disease.
Obesity puts a person at a greater risk of some forms of cancer.
Obesity puts an additional stress on the back.
Obesity raises cholesterol and blood pressure, and is a major risk factor for heart attacks.
Obesity raises the risk of developing cancer, possibly due to shifts in hormone levels.
Obesity raises the risk of suffering a heart attack or a stroke.
Obesity ranks second only to smoking as a leading cause of preventable deaths in the United States.
Obesity reduces life expectancy because it increases the risk of other health disorders.
Obesity reduces life expectancy by increasing the risk of diabetes and other chronic diseases.
Obesity refers specifically to an excess of body fat.
Obesity refers specifically to having an abnormally high proportion of body fat.
Obesity refers to excessive body fat.
Obesity reflects the disordered energy balance.
Obesity relates conditions.
Obesity relates such conditions.
Obesity relates to more than looks.
Obesity remains a disease that is poorly understood and poorly treated.
Obesity remains a major concern into young adulthood.
Obesity represents the greatest problem to health.
Obesity requires controlling for a lifetime.
Obesity results from a complex interaction of genetic, behavioral, and environmental factors.
Obesity results from overeating foods rich in energy.
Obesity results from unbalanced energy budgets.
Obesity results when the size or number of fat cells in a person's body increases.
Obesity reviews .
Obesity robs the health of people.
Obesity runs rampant among the Pimas, resulting in an epidemic of diabetes and hypertension.
Obesity shortens life, so sue the bakeries, as well as the candy, sugar and soda companies.
Obesity simply means an accumulation of body fat.
Obesity stresses the joints.
Obesity suggests pulmonary disease.
Obesity thus becomes a physical symbol of wealth.
Obesity thus contributes to premature mortality.
Obesity always involves a high proportion of body fat in relation to muscle and bone.
Obesity often can complicate asthma.
Obesity often develops insidiously.
Obesity often mandates rapid sequence induction.
Obesity often results in problems greater than aesthetics.
Obesity often starts during the teenage years.
Obesity usually is defined by body mass index, a formula based on height and weight.
All obesity is mute testimonial to over-eating.
More obesity means more diabetes.
Most obesity affects health.
Most obesity becomes health problems.
Most obesity becomes problems.
Most obesity causes death.
Most obesity causes issues.
Most obesity causes pain.
Most obesity causes premature death.
Most obesity causes problems.
Most obesity causes serious issues.
Most obesity causes serious medical issues.
Most obesity increases over time.
Most obesity poses danger.
Most obesity poses many danger.
Most obesity relates conditions.
Most obesity relates such conditions.
Some obesity affects life.
Some obesity has genetic determinant.
Some obesity has strong determinant.
Some obesity has strong genetic determinant.
Some obesity increases likelihood.
Some obesity leads to health problems.
Some obesity leads to heart problems.
Some obesity leads to other health problems.
Some obesity leads to problems.
Obfuscated code is smaller in most cases.
An obfuscation is an activity
Obfuscation is an important technique in creating the fraud in the first place.
Obfuscation is driven by a simple script file, with sensible defaults for all obfuscation options.
Obfuscation is no longer possible.
Obfuscation is the net result.
Obfuscation makes no distinction between levels of education and professional disciplines.
Obfuscation means making something hard to understand.
Obfuscatory art is, by definition, bad art.
An obi is a cult
Obi are also colorful.
OBI claims no responsibility for the links noted above.
Obi demonstrates a jump.
Obi is a student of literature, a reader and interpreter of texts.
Obi is the dominant one.
Obi is used to symbolizes long life in a marrige.
Obi lives in a world that still respects the family ties.
Obi re tinu igbo ti so.
OBI reserves the right to sell the compilation for fund-raising to support their charitable efforts.
Obis are companies.
Obis are cults.
Obie candidates have to write an essay about why they want to be Obie.
Obies continue writing long after they graduate.
An obit is notice
Obit Look Up in Fla.
Obit look up.
Obits are searchable.
Obits are, in a sense, arguments.
Obits can reflect a paper's values.
Obits always leave out so many interesting facts.
Obituary authors are responsi ble for the accuracy and truthful ness of obituaries.
Obituary forms are also available.
Obituary help please.
Obituary information has a one week delay in posting.
Obituary information is supplied.
Obituary information remains incomplete.
Obituary notices provide wonderful genealogical information for researchers.
Obituary searches can lead to individuals who maybe alive but hard to find.
Obituary writers encourage competitiveness, too, in a mild way.
Obituary writers hate the job.
An obituary is notice
Obituaries also appear online and are listed by name and age only.
Obituaries also are available through the archive.
Obituaries appear in all the nation's major newspapers.
Obituaries appear more frequently than announcements of births.
Obituaries are a common source of biographical information.
Obituaries are a goldmine source for genealogists.
Obituaries are a great source of family information.
Obituaries are a very important part of any news service.
Obituaries are also a very important piece of information.
Obituaries are an advertising service.
Obituaries are an excellent tool for genealogy.
Obituaries are an interesting way to learn about someone's life.
Obituaries are articles written by journalists about well-known people who died.
Obituaries are biographies.
Obituaries are death notices found in newspapers, supplied by contributors, etc.
Obituaries are free of charge and accessible through our classifieds section.
Obituaries are good sources for information about deceased individuals.
Obituaries are great.
Obituaries are just as they appeared in the paper, although photographs have been omitted.
Obituaries are like mini-biographies, spotlighting the high points of a person's life.
Obituaries are located in newspapers.
Obituaries are news and are published without charge.
Obituaries are news articles.
Obituaries are notice.
Obituaries are of especial interest.
Obituaries are often excellent sources of biographical information.
Obituaries are one of the best sources of genealogical data.
Obituaries are online.
Obituaries are proclamation.
Obituaries are sad things.
Obituaries are searchable for two weeks.
Obituaries are searchable on the Obituaries page.
Obituaries are some of the most important sources for biographical details of our ancestors.
Obituaries are some of the most widely-read sections of online publications.
Obituaries are sometimes wonderful.
Obituaries are subject to editing and verification.
Obituaries are subject to editing for clarity and space.
Obituaries are the backbone of newspaper circulation.
Obituaries are the best way of getting clues.
Obituaries are the sole source of biographical background for many women geologists.
Obituaries are usually an excellent source of biographical information about immigrants.
Obituaries are verbatim.
Obituaries are very brief biographical statements written upon a person's death.
Obituaries are very subjective.
Obituaries are wonderful places to find all the relationships listed.
Obituaries Be certain that any contacts related to a death are handled with care and sensitivity.
Obituaries Call of fax information to the Long Island Desk.
Obituaries can be good sources of biographical information.
Obituaries can be helpful in identifying children of deceased contributors and prospects.
Obituaries can help with more than dates of death and places of burial.
Obituaries differ from death notices in that they are paid announcements placed into the newspaper.
Obituaries have a wealth of information for the genealogy researcher.
Obituaries Pay tribute to local and nationally known personalities.
Obituaries Read the obituaries or post one.
Obituaries Reading an obituary is often a good way to learn more about a person's life and career.
Obituaries remain online for two weeks.
Obituaries vary in size and length, according to each newspaper.
Obituaries Writing an obituary can be a difficult and expensive process.
Obituaries often request memorials be made in the name of the person the family has lost.
Obituaries usually provide more details than a death certificate.
All obituaries are subject to editing and verification.
Most obituaries also contain information about the next of kin and close relatives.
Most obituaries end with an admonition to do something that expresses the spirit of the person.
Some obituaries are in a card file and others are indexed in books.
Some obituaries are very informative.
Some obituaries are very sketchy while others are quite complete.
Some obituaries can be very short in length while others can be quite lengthy.
Some obituaries go on and on.
Object aggregation is explained using the general notion of object morphism.
Object animation allows motion to be seamlessly integrated with objects in new and exciting ways.
Object browsers provide visibility to users of all objects that exist in the model.
Object code has structure.
Object code is a program in a form suitable for incorporation into an executable program.
Object code is code.
Object code is computer code
Object code is free.
Object code is generated in standard object formats, thus facilitating mixed language programming.
Object code is instrumented with trace generating instructions.
Object code is produced by compiling source code into executable, machine-readable code.
Object code is the code that the computer reads.
Object codes are four characters long and are required on most CUFS documents.
Object codes are generic that is they are used across all cost centers.
Object codes are similar to a software program loaded on a computer to perform a specific task.
Object codes are the last four digits of the ten digit account code.
Object codes define what was purchased by an expenditure or what was sold for income.
Object codes have four digits, usually numeric.
Object codes signify a category or type of expense.
Object consciousness is the essential element of ethics.
Object creation is another simple feature with a nice option for adding a quick shape.
Object creation is relevant to memory consumption.
Object creation requires placement of the object in the scene.
Object databases are ideal for the Web.
Object databases end with the file extension .root.
Object databases provide better performance, faster development, and more robust programs.
Object designs can help avoid design errors and make databases easier to maintain.
Object destruction is more timely and orderly.
Object diagrams depict the static structure of a system at a particular time.
Object diagrams show instances instead of classes.
Object files define the geometry and other properties for objects.
Object files have a .obj extension.
Object files have a file type of .
Object files have an extension '.o', and are an intermediate between source code, and an executable.
Some object files appear in more than one target.
Object hierarchies can also incarnate the concept of multiple levels of abstraction.
Object hierarchy is implemented by allowing some types of nodes to contain other nodes.
Object identification tries to discover what objects the computer is looking at.
Object identifiers are, basically, strings of numbers.
Object identifiers figure in kernel software, which takes several years to write, test, and refine.
Object inheritance permeates each application making changes easy and maintenance headache-free.
Object instances are instances of a class.
An object lesson is a warning
Object lesson is to always pay close attention to file names.
Object libraries are useful for other reasons as well.
Object libraries contain the object modules of frequently called routines.
Object lifetimes are a little muddled.
Object managers are responsible for defining a mechanism for assigning labels to their objects.
Object manipulation is key for a child to understand meaning.
Object model provides representation of real-world entities, with their behavior and interactions.
Object models afford no easy way to express relative importance.
Object models are a fantastic concept.
Object models are here to simplify our lives.
Object models are heterogeneous in nature with tremendous semantic diversity.
Object models are heterogeneous with tremendous semantic diversity.
Object models are models.
Object models benefit from the thoughtful leveraging of both.
Object models involve state, interface, inheritance, .
Object modeling is a hybrid.
Object orientation appears congenial to human problem solving facilities.
Object orientation has a long history of coexistence with other programming paradigms.
Object orientation is a software development success story, and it is here to stay.
Object orientation is at hand whenever found useful.
Object orientation is great.
Object orientation is mandatory, including garbage collection.
Object orientation is much more than a way to program.
Object orientation is useful.
Object orientation offers some tools for solving such problems.
Object orientation provides modularity and extensibility through object encapsulation.
Object orientation requires fewer data fields and actually creates data fields on demand.
Object permanence is a good example.
Object permanence is also a part of the sensorimotor stage.
Object permanence is seen in children eight to twelve months old .
Object permanence is seen in children eight to twelve months old.
All object placement is automatic and transparent to the programmer.
Object pronouns come before all conjugated verbs except positive commands.
Object pronouns precede the verb and are divided into direct and indirect objects.
Object recognition is a seeing
Object recognition is accomplished using a distributed processing approach.
Object recognition is more of an art than a science.
Object recognition is viewpoint dependent.
Object recognition is visual perceptions.
Object recognition requires robust and stable features that are unique in feature space.
Object references are now hashes rather than scalars and there is only ever one such per window.
Any object reference can form a Dish command for executing an operation.
Object serialization is essential to building all but the most transient applications.
Object technologies affect both the content and interfaces for metadata registries.
Object technologies lend themselves nicely to modeling the real world.
Object technologies provide a viable means to handle large complex data.
Object technologies provide an intuitive and powerful way to solve real-world problems.
Object technology appears to be a bewildering field in constant turmoil.
Object technology does have close ties with component development.
Object technology is a convenient language for extending the web.
Object technology is applicable to a wide range of phenomena on many different levels.
Object technology is emphasized for implementation.
Object technology is here to stay.
Object technology is of great interest because it promises to help solve problems.
Object technology is the software technology of the future.
Object types are also available in order to define new class instances or reference existing ones.
Object types are now MIME types.
Object types are time series and multivariate distributions derived from the radar data.
Object types provide for efficient and consistent descriptions of hardware, software, and data.
Object types specify the structure of the data and the methods of operating on the data.
Some object types have sub-types as well.
Object values are actually references to objects.
An object is a physical entity
Object appears as if no data has been previously inserted.
Object asymmetries in comparative Bantu syntax .
Object based languages allow dynamic allocation.
Object can be simple or complex.
Object centered approach provides three major benefits.
Object collect with the lobo.
Object contains a reference to the memory address of an object.
Object contains rich set of attributes to describe.
Object diagrams describing scenarios are appropriate.
Object embodies the basic functionality of all objects, from which new classes inherit by default.
Object inherits the visibility of the next parent object.
Object is always the name of a FileSystemObject .
Object is at infinity.
Object is at the top of every class hierarchy.
Object is for defensive player to intercept that pass.
Object is maquette for painting.
Object is of geo-environmetal site characterisation.
Object is run-time.
Object isa entity.
Object oriented - objects keep the simple, organized and protected.
Object oriented designs combine the advantages of both methods.
Object oriented helper code is kept as small and as efficient as possible.
Object oriented helper code is kept as small and efficient as possible.
Object oriented languages have special language mechanisms to support data abstraction.
Object oriented processing is used for storage and transfer of information.
Object oriented programming allows for extension of an objects function or of class function.
Object oriented programming enhances the handling of musical elements.
Object oriented programming experience is required.
Object oriented programming involves the partitioning of a program into classes and methods.
Object oriented programming is a design philosophy.
Object oriented programming is a very useful way to encapsulate reusable pieces of a system.
Object oriented programming offers many advantages to neural network simulators.
Object oriented programming requires rather much documentation to give overview.
Object oriented programs are scalable.
Object oriented structure produces smaller, more efficient datastream.
Object oriented systems are often smaller than their equivalent non-object oriented implementations.
Object oriented systems deal with objects which have properties and methods .
Object pooling support is needed for building large, scalable applications.
Object provides a simple implementation of equals .
Object receiving the ichor exude an evil aura until destroyed.
Object refers to an application , file, folder and other processes.
Object refers to icons, the taskbar and the desktop itself.
Object remains in wound.
Object rises vertically, still tilted slightly.
Object runs in current user security context.
Object target The target component.
Object travels with path from East to West.
Object turns lights on and lands without making a sound.
Objects absorb some colors and reflect others.
Objects absorb some wavelengths of light and reflect others.
Objects accept standardized input.
Objects acquire a terrible weight when they are no longer attached to people.
Objects acquire content and behavior from their containers.
Objects acquire information and behavior from other objects.
Objects also encourage reuse, resulting in increased development productivity and software quality.
Objects also have associated functions, which are normally called methods .
Objects also have layers, which contain various styles.
Objects also have 'properties'.
Objects also have the special ability to inherit functionality from other objects.
Objects also inherit default ACL values from their super classes.
Objects also know their class, which can be used to select one method in a multimethod .
Objects also make it easy to cut and paste code together.
Objects also make possible the existence of the functions input and output.
Objects also prevent collisions and mistakes.
Objects appear as if no data has been previously inserted.
Objects appear as rounded corner rectangles with a textual label.
Objects appear as transparent wireframe models.
Objects appear brighter or darker relative to the amount of light energy they reflect.
Objects appear closer or farther away than they really are.
Objects appear different as the times of day changes.
Objects appear drab, with a marked lack of detail.
Objects appear flatter on a cloudy day.
Objects appear from or disappear into a singularity.
Objects appear hazy.
Objects appear in a sense only as ghosts moving throughout the environment, alongside the viewer.
Objects appear more as luminous than illuminated.
Objects appear more defined, eliminating eye strain and squinting.
Objects appear out of focus.
Objects appear sharper and more defined.
Objects appear sharper, clearer and with less distortion.
Objects appear smaller at the vanishing point.
Objects appear smaller than they are.
Objects appear the same size on the screen independent of their distance from the camera.
Objects appear to be a particular color because they reflect some wavelengths more than others.
Objects appear to be closer and shallower in the water than they are in fact.
Objects appear to be closer together at the vanishing point.
Objects appear to be different colours because they absorb some wavelengths and reflect others.
Objects appear to be distorted in shape or straight lines appear wavy or crooked.
Objects appear to be the wrong size or shape or straight lines appear wavy or crooked.
Objects appear to float through the air by themselves.
Objects appear to get smaller as they recede from view.
Objects appear to have a boundary.
Objects appear to the right of each class name.
Objects appear too far off.
Objects appears like no data has been previously inserted.
Objects approaching the singularity pass through an event horizon from which they can never return.
Objects are a big deal in programming today.
Objects are a collection of related methods and data.
Objects are a natural way to simulate reality inside a program.
Objects are a reflection of the real world and represent our perception of that world.
Objects are a run-time notion only.
Objects are able to store energy as a result of their position.
Objects are abstract data types that are used to represent operating system resources.
Objects are abstractions of real-world entities that exhibit states and behaviors.
Objects are abstractions of things like invoices or PLCs.
Objects are active.
Objects are ADTs with the addition of inheritance, polymorphism, and dynamic binding.
Objects are alive, people are objects, decor.
Objects are all network objects.
Objects are also collections of behaviours that control and manipulate their associated data.
Objects are also date and time stamped.
Objects are also reusable across multiple pages.
Objects are always in the light.
Objects are always shared.
Objects are an abstraction .
Objects are an abstraction.
Objects are any data that can be used in an application or shared with other applications.
Objects are at upper and lower transit once each day.
Objects are attainable.
Objects are attracted toward the earth, because of their mass.
Objects are autonomous.
Objects are available for use as weapons.
Objects are aware of their class identity.
Objects are bigger and more complicated than primitive data types.
Objects are bigger.
Objects are bitfiles, directories, or links.
Objects are central to both works, but equally central is an exploration of historical themes.
Objects are checked against a set of criteria.
Objects are closer than they appear.
Objects are combinations of linear segments.
Objects are complementary to subjectivity in the constitution of consciousness.
Objects are components of object models .
Objects are components of object models.
Objects are computer science.
Objects are concrete.
Objects are constantly rubbing against the Earth and the layer of air it pulls along.
Objects are constituents.
Objects are content.
Objects are dead, lifeless, without any inner vitality or consciousness of their own.
Objects are easier to maintain.
Objects are easier to understand and use.
Objects are easy to place, move and remove.
Objects are either notifier or receiver objects.
Objects are electronic things.
Objects are encodings of ideas, physical entities, immaterial entities, concepts, or patterns.
Objects are entities or people that change as a result of the action.
Objects are entities which have parts and behavior.
Objects are epiphenomenal, emergent, phase transient.
Objects are essentially independent in the directory, and linked into a hierarchy.
Objects are far more complex data structure than lists.
Objects are further than they appear.
Objects are good.
Objects are heap allocated and garbage collected and can be mutable or immutable.
Objects are homotaxial if they appear in the same relative position in different sequences.
Objects are idealizations of real world objects.
Objects are immune to subdual damage.
Objects are in free fall when gravity is the only force affecting their motion.
Objects are incredibly resilient and can suffer extreme deformations and violations.
Objects are independent and are, in a way, layered over each other.
Objects are independent elements.
Objects are individual instances of a class.
Objects are individual instances of something called classes.
Objects are inheritable, extendable, pro-creative.
Objects are instances of a class.
Objects are instances of classes .
Objects are instances of classes.
Objects are instances of interfaces, on which clients can perform operations.
Objects are intances of a class.
Objects are interactive.
Objects are item-building operators that are independent of such context.
Objects are just another way of defining and manipulating data.
Objects are just data structures in memory, and are referenced by their address.
Objects are key to understanding object-oriented technology.
Objects are known to accelerate down inclined planes because of an unbalanced force.
Objects are larger than they appear.
Objects are length delimited - a 'counted' sequence of octets.
Objects are like cells.
Objects are like reverse panoramas.
Objects are little bundles of content and behavior.
Objects are local to a particular site, and never automatically moved.
Objects are local to a site, while computation can roam over the network.
Objects are located in basements.
Objects are located in drawers.
Objects are located in trash.
Objects are made up of different materials.
Objects are memebers of a class.
Objects are mere objects.
Objects are modules which contain BOTH data and instructions in self contained units.
Objects are more complex formulations of such events.
Objects are more than mere tools.
Objects are moving, they collide and they move apart.
Objects are much more interesting than are numbers because there is much more to say about then.
Objects are mysterious enough.
Objects are natural things to model because that's what the world is made of.
Objects are never there as proxies for some symbolic idea.
Objects are no longer unique.
Objects are none other than dependency relationships and names.
Objects are nouns .
Objects are objecta , problema , problems.
Objects are of themselves morally neutral.
Objects are on display as well as books.
Objects are on non-printing layer.
Objects are on view on a rotating basis.
Objects are only accessible through typed variables which are used to invoke operations on objects.
Objects are only objects then because they are complementary to subjectivity.
Objects are out.
Objects are part of a system and each object has attributes.
Objects are part of sentences.
Objects are perceived in rela- tionship to the larger setting in which they occur.
Objects are pieces of code that can be used to build larger systems more simply.
Objects are pieces of data that can be packaged and manipulated by the programmer.
Objects are pieces of memory with the same structure that can be used again and again .
Objects are pieces of memory with the same structure that can be used again and again.
Objects are pleasurable.
Objects are polymorphic if they have some similarities but are still somewhat different.
Objects are presented in the detail, that keeps the map readable.
Objects are quite the buzzword now.
Objects are rectangular areas, often outlined in blue or black.
Objects are relative to the master directory.
Objects are representational constructs of entities.
Objects are re-usable software components, combining code and attributes.
Objects are richer than database tables.
Objects are runtime manifestations of a class that exist in a computer's memory.
Objects are self-contained independent sections of code that can be made to work together.
Objects are sharp right to the very, very edge of field.
Objects are similar to entities, except that they have no graphical or geometric meaning.
Objects are similar to records in many imperative languages, although they are much more powerful.
Objects are simply a definition for a type of data to be stored.
Objects are smaller and less alarming than they appear.
Objects are smaller than ideas and available everywhere.
Objects are smaller when they are cold, larger when hot.
Objects are smart enough to be dynamic.
Objects are software bundles of data and related procedures.
Objects are software entities that contain their own programming code.
Objects are software representations of real-world entities.
Objects are somewhat situationally dependent.
Objects are sparse, as in most flight simulators.
Objects are stand-alone files.
Objects are still pointer-based.
Objects are temporary configurations of energy and matter into recognizable forms.
Objects are the core concept of object technology.
Objects are the currency of object oriented design.
Objects are the foundation of a museum.
Objects are the fundamental building blocks in an object oriented appoarch.
Objects are the geometric figures being created and manipulated.
Objects are the parts of individuals.
Objects are the principal building blocks of object-oriented programs.
Objects are the same size in the image as they are in the driver's field of vision.
Objects are the things that have properties.
Objects are the usual artifacts of object-oriented design.
Objects are the visible receipts.
Objects are then pickable.
Objects are thus an easy way to make very modular programs.
Objects are to be assembled.
Objects are to be returned in the same packaging and in the same arrangement as received.
Objects are to classed as variables are to data types.
Objects are to classes as variables are to types.
Objects are transient and can never serve the function of being an everlasting sign.
Objects are typically applications or files designed to damage and disrupt computer operations.
Objects are typically nouns.
Objects are uniquely identifiable by a name .
Objects are values, just like anything else.
Objects are very well detailed as is the landscape.
Objects are visible by their being perceived, but have no shadows.
Objects are where it's at.
Objects ares self-contained.
Objects assert that something exists.
Objects attract to each other to the degree they are similar.
Objects become a substitute for affection.
Objects become confusing, such as toasters, bathtubs, cars and forks.
Objects become missiles.
Objects become vehicles for further ideas rather than solely an end in themselves.
Objects become very good partners when they're imbued with a meaningful relationship.
Objects becoming caught in the spokes of the bicycle are a common hazard pattern.
Objects being controlled by other participants suffer from similar problems.
Objects belong to a class.
Objects belong to a specific class which determines the nature of their properties and commands.
Objects belong to one or more protection domains, and in each domain they give access rights.
Objects belong to types that define the names and signatures of their methods.
Objects build on one-another, an object can inherit the attributes and behaviors of other objects.
Objects can add or drop methods during run time, as well as exchange methods among themselves.
Objects can affect each other across distances by means of secret forces or sympathies.
Objects can also be scalable , allowing the user to zoom into the object for a closer view.
Objects can also change in volume, if they experience a force from all sides.
Objects can also contain different states, from which actions can be triggered.
Objects can also contain other objects.
Objects can also do things.
Objects can also have methods.
Objects can also have properties.
Objects can also serve as properties for other objects.
Objects can also take on a different appearance because of their particular chemical compositions.
Objects can appear behind, and project in front of the picture.
Objects can appear in multiple locations for easier file organization.
Objects can appear to float right off the TV, plus they can see depth while looking at the screen.
Objects can assume many properties including possibilities, values, or distributions.
Objects can be a fractional of fractal dimension.
Objects can be anything found anywhere.
Objects can be anything ranging from text objects to path objects to image objects.
Objects can be at any orientation, and entire geometries can be imported from a standard CAD file.
Objects can be concrete, such as device port, or they can be more abstract, such as a thread.
Objects can be containers, such as cupboards, in which case they can contain other objects.
Objects can be display type, text, images, clip art, forms, tables, and more.
Objects can be either physical or logical.
Objects can be files, graphics, spreadsheet cells, bookmarks, e-mail messages, etc.
Objects can be helpful for meditation.
Objects can be highly reflective, often acting much like a mirror.
Objects can be inside or on top of one another.
Objects can be lines, boxes, circles, or text, positioned arbitrarily.
Objects can be made sticky, can fade on zoom in or out, and can be grouped and ordered.
Objects can be molecules or highlight bars in a menu.
Objects can be more complicated.
Objects can be nodes, links or anchors.
Objects can be opaque in one region of the electromagnetic spectrum and transparent in another.
Objects can be partially non-rigid or distorted.
Objects can be remote or collocated relative to the client.
Objects can be shared, i.e., they can be members of more than one group.
Objects can be shortcuts, folders, or documents.
Objects can be stationary or moving with constant linear velocity.
Objects can be structures of arbitrary complexity.
Objects can be too large or heavy to submit.
Objects can be very helpful in estimating.
Objects can be very important.
Objects can become reachable by allocation, or by in-place modification.
Objects can become treasures to families for many reasons.
Objects can become very difficult to recognize when a distinctive feature is missing.
Objects can begin to move gradually, and accelerate, or spin gently to a stop.
Objects can change their state only via calls to the methods.
Objects can choose to process raw SOAP messages.
Objects can choose.
Objects can contain an arbitrary amount of private data.
Objects can contain fuzzy sets as well as crisp sets.
Objects can contain other objects.
Objects can contain sub objects.
Objects can even select custom functions by name at run-time .
Objects can exert forces on each other at a distance.
Objects can express the essence of a single room and can also paticipate in various contexts.
Objects can fall from shelves, ceilings, building, etc.
Objects can fire event code when clicked.
Objects can fly both up, and sideways.
Objects can go into sub folders in the downloads folder.
Objects can have a position, a velocity, and an acceleration.
Objects can have alpha channels, for anti-aliased compositing across multiple layers.
Objects can have an aligned attribute.
Objects can have an utilitarian purpose, like the lamp shown below.
Objects can have attributes that are indexed by a string name and have a value that is an object.
Objects can have both static and dynamic types.
Objects can have common implementations.
Objects can have methods which are special functions which belong to the variable.
Objects can have properties or methods.
Objects can have properties.
Objects can have slots.
Objects can have versions, are shared, can consist of spreadsheets, images, documents.
Objects can influence other objects by their heat, noise, orders or whatever.
Objects can inherit the characteristics and behaviors from parent objects.
Objects can interact by event generation, or by direct invocation of operations.
Objects can lie in the coordinate areas north, south, east, west and center.
Objects can move, change, and react to the user.
Objects can only collide, when they are in at least one common group.
Objects can only produce radiation that is about as large as the object itself.
Objects can overlap each other.
Objects can override certain behaviors of their parents.
Objects can own other objects.
Objects can perform actions by themselves.
Objects can provide the same psychological stimulus as another character can.
Objects can range from hills and mountains down to microscopic objects.
Objects can represent a wide variety of entities.
Objects can reside in arrays, and can contain arrays.
Objects can rotate, revolve around others, or move along curves.
Objects can scale, fill, rotate, change color, and move based on process values.
Objects can specify behavior as well as structure.
Objects can stick together at the sound of a certain word from the magician.
Objects can stimulate experimentation with ways of writing for a variety of audiences.
Objects can symbolize one s sexuality and desire.
Objects can talk to one another without knowing the particulars of how each one operates.
Objects can undergo other types of geometric changes, in addition to viewpoint changes.
Objects can understand the copy message, which returns a copy of an object.
Objects can use the public key of a target object to encrypt their communications to it.
Objects can vary from functional to funky.
Objects carry material information, and, optionally, object names and data.
Objects caught in a passing glance can unlock a life's worth of emotion.
Objects center in their space and move in a stronger field to equalize their own.
Objects change appearance slightly when selected.
Objects change within a spectator's closed fist.
Objects Click on image to view enlargement and complete information.
Objects combine stateful data abstraction with mutual exclusion and synchronization.
Objects come and go.
Objects come inbetween the two.
Objects communicate solely by explicit messages.
Objects communicate through message passing.
Objects communicate via data passing over channels with no explicit message passing.
Objects communicate with each other by sending messages.
Objects consist of one or more layers.
Objects contain data and methods, which are needed to handle the data of the objects.
Objects contain energy in a variety of forms.
Objects contain the possibility of all situations.
Objects contain various levels of information.
Objects containing circular references can be externalizable objects .
Objects correspond to existing records, tables or data groups.
Objects created after that point are new-generation objects.
Objects created from a class are called 'instances' of the class.
Objects crush people who die as a result.
Objects define data storage and functions that can be used on an instance ofthe object.
Objects define groups of information and methods for working with that information.
Objects die when they no longer grow, evolve, or change in correlation with our lives.
Objects differ in that they have identity .
Objects disappear and recompose, lines, structures, colours, tones shimmer and alter.
Objects disappear or become invisible.
Objects disappear to return days later in strange places.
Objects disdainfully drop, just a bit too far to be reachable.
Objects displace their volume in a fluid.
Objects do gain speed as they fall.
Objects do have advantages over commands in most cases though.
Objects do only what they are designed to do.
Objects don t allow independent evolutions in autonomous business units.
Objects emerge adrift out of themselves, boil over.
Objects emit energy because they absorb energy.
Objects emit light in different wavelengths.
Objects emit more intense radiation at higher frequencies as they are heated.
Objects emitting as blackbodies give off more energy per surface area as they get hotter.
Objects emitting heat show up as white images.
Objects encapsulate a set of data and a set of procedures.
Objects encompass other objects to create the object structure.
Objects enhance an avatar's identity and add realism to the overall experience.
Objects execute in parallel unless engaged in communication.
Objects exist in cells.
Objects fall at the same rate.
Objects fall down.
Objects fall from shelves, and pictures from walls.
Objects fall from shelves.
Objects fall off shelves.
Objects fall so as to do the most damage.
Objects fall toward the ground when dropped.
Objects feel warmer or colder to the touch.
Objects First means maximizing the leverage offered by the object metaphor.
Objects float better in hot water than in cold water.
Objects float if they're lighter than the amount of liquid that they displace, or push aside.
Objects float or sink as a result of their density.
Objects float when they are less dense than water .
Objects fly off.
Objects fly through the air, stars wheel through the universe.
Objects generate events, which are processed in their proper order by the event handler.
Objects get smaller and smaller as they approach the horizon.
Objects get smaller the further away they are.
Objects get their color from pigments that act to absorb some colors of light and reflects others.
Objects give off tiny molecules of themselves into the air.
Objects goes beyond simple manipulation of the Control Creation Edition's built-in objects.
Objects grow and shrink automatically as routines are added and deleted.
Objects hanging on the wall collect the gas smoke and shield the wall.
Objects have a meaning according to their role in the circus number.
Objects have a natural surface tension and a higher rigidity, or resistance to applied force.
Objects have a price, but only life really has value.
Objects have an associated type.
Objects have an immutable identity that exists for the lifetime of the object.
Objects have attributes and methods.
Objects have both basic services and problem domain services.
Objects have existence.
Objects have furthermore observable properties.
Objects have hierarchies, types, compositions, polymorphism.
Objects have identity and are instances of classes.
Objects have kinetic energy because they are moving.
Objects have length, width, and height.
Objects have less detail as they get farther away.
Objects have many observable properties including .
Objects have many observable properties, including size, mass, shape, color, and temperature.
Objects have many observable properties.
Objects have many properties.
Objects have mass, which is defined as how much matter an object contains.
Objects have mass.
Objects have mass.
Objects have material, lighting and vertex attributes.
Objects have members which can be any of the three simple types, a function, or another object.
Objects have methods that perform tasks.
Objects have multiple interfaces.
Objects have names, which can be used to obtain their object IDs.
Objects have no independent existence.
Objects have owners.
Objects have properties and objects have methods.
Objects have properties or attributes .
Objects have properties that can be measured using standard metric units.
Objects have properties that can be observed using the senses.
Objects have properties that can be referenced by a script.
Objects have properties, and objects have methods.
Objects have properties, events and actions.
Objects have properties, including identity, state, behavior, lifetime, and boundary.
Objects have properties, parts and relations to one another.
Objects have properties.
Objects have public and private properties.
Objects have really no name.
Objects have secret lives.
Objects have Services invoked by message passing.
Objects have shells that can be swapped, buildings have facades that can be changed.
Objects have size and weight.
Objects have state and behavior.
Objects have states and respond to events by changing state.
Objects have stroke and fill properties.
Objects have surfaces.
Objects have the ability to be represented linguistically.
Objects have the ability to do things.
Objects have the following values.
Objects have the same color throughout their lifetime.
Objects have to be held close to the eye to be seen.
Objects HAVE to be triangles.
Objects have to blur experience with form so that they are inseparable.
Objects have to follow the rules of physics to look realistic in a game.
Objects have types, wear, and affect parameters.
Objects have value only in their positive or negative effects on the human situation.
Objects have volume.
Objects having higher masses have higher inertia.
Objects having the same charge tend to repel each other.
Objects help in two ways.
Objects help knowledge engineers manage complexity and ease maintenance of knowledge bases.
Objects here can become rusted, broken, chipped - they change.
Objects here can no longer remain stationary in space.
Objects hitting our atmosphere usually burn up because they are hitting it so fast.
Objects hold a lot of information encoded in their representations.
Objects illuminated with monochromatic light can only exhibit that single color.
Objects immersed in liquids are subject to the phenomenon of buoyancy .
Objects implement internal methods to store and recover their dynamic state.
Objects imported from the Roman empire appear.
Objects Includes the entire range of secular and sacred objects.
Objects incorporate both data and the ability to manipulate it.
Objects inexplicably disappear and hear phantom footsteps in the hall.
Objects inexplicably disappear only to reappear sometime later somewhere else entirely.
Objects inherit all properties from their prototype object.
Objects interact according to isaac newton's laws of motion.
Objects interact and communicate with each other by sending and receiving requests or messages.
Objects interact by calling methods.
Objects interact by means of messages .
Objects interact by sending each other messages.
Objects interact through well defined interfaces.
Objects interact with all other objects in the playing area.
Objects invoke other objects, or are themselves invoked, to provide services to the application.
Objects is mainly for programmers.
Objects is, at best, a kind of shorthand.
Objects know which package they belong to.
Objects know who they are and automatically behave in character.
Objects List all objects of the given class.
Objects lists all the objects and their charcteristics.
Objects live in context of parents and the web request.
Objects look double, or small.
Objects look flat and unrealistic.
Objects look great, even when close up.
Objects look large.
Objects look very different at different wavelength.
Objects look yellow.
Objects lose their charge very fast in humid air.
Objects made by prehistoric people are called artifacts .
Objects made by prehistoric people are called artifacts.
Objects made of matter can exert forces on each other, causing changes in their motion.
Objects made of silvery chains and translucent balls are gothic, sadomasochistic, religious.
Objects made of tortoise shell are very scarce, and understandably quite valuable.
Objects maintain relationships with other objects.
Objects maintain their material definitions and other characteristics.
Objects maintain their own state.
Objects make all the difference.
Objects make arcs through the sky due to the Earth's rotation.
Objects make the programmers work much easier.
Objects make up the substance of the world.
Objects manifest a mutual exclusion of one another.
Objects mirror the business.
Objects move and animate.
Objects move between To and From until they exceed a maximum threshold.
Objects move differently on different surfaces.
Objects move fast and slow.
Objects move faster the higher the level.
Objects move in space as they move in time.
Objects move in the direction they are pushed or pulled.
Objects move much more slowly through very cold liquids than through warm liquids.
Objects move of their own accord.
Objects move steadily or change direction.
Objects move through absolute space.
Objects move through various states as they are influenced by outside stimuli.
Objects move without passing through intermediate points.
Objects moving at a constant speed continue to do so.
Objects moving have kinetic energy that can be transmitted to other objects.
Objects moving in circles have a speed which is equal to the distance traveled per time of travel.
Objects never change their type.
Objects normally refer to financial contracts.
Objects now are photo-realistic since the data comes directly from photographs.
Objects now default to having no contents, instead of a default value.
Objects now display a default message for get and drop if no succmsg or dropmsg is set.
Objects obvisouly contain multimedia data.
Objects occupy regions of spacetime.
Objects offer a consistent framework for users and their applications.
Objects offer a different kind of knowledge than written and oral sources.
Objects offer a much simpler way.
Objects offer lots of advantages to programmers.
Objects offer the benefit of easier debugging and reuse, as well as simplified maintainability.
Objects only weigh something when there is a resistance to their falling.
Objects pass third-grade IQ tests.
Objects placed below the urogential diaphragm are palpable and can easily be removed endoscopically.
Objects placed on the ground underneath the tripod are always in focus.
Objects placed on the sheet are detectable by the cameras.
Objects play a crucial role, as does solving puzzles.
Objects play the role of abstract containers of information.
Objects possess a private data storage.
Objects precede subjects, and verbs usually come at the end of sentences.
Objects produce some standardized output.
Objects protrude into circulation paths from the side or from posts.
Objects provide a great way to organize information.
Objects provide a perfect foundation for developing web applications.
Objects provide an elegant way of encapsulating data and embedding behavior.
Objects provide services.
Objects pull or push each other when they collide or are connected.
Objects quickly lose their definition and are reduced to barely recognizable arrays of blocks.
Objects range from a mummy to Greek vases to Roman coins.
Objects range from practical to silly and useless.
Objects range in size and take the form of chair, statue, door, and placard.
Objects reach a certain transparency.
Objects reach thermal equilibrium by transferring heat back and fourth.
Objects react when they receive messages by applying methods on themselves.
Objects refer to various formats that can be created within the program.
Objects register themselves as being interested in receiving events from other objects.
Objects relate to school, play and daily tasks.
Objects remain at times.
Objects remain in the database until they expire.
Objects represent application-specific mathematical and programming constructs.
Objects represent application-specific, mathematical and programming constructs.
Objects require no scaffolding.
Objects reside on the garbage- collected heap.
Objects reside on the garbage-collected heap.
Objects resist changes in their motion.
Objects resist changes in their velocity.
Objects resize to match their placement in the picture.
Objects retain heat, and as duly noted, post ice-out panfish gravitate toward heat.
Objects retain links to the objects to which they apply and from which they are derived.
Objects retain the same mass, wherever they are.
Objects retain their perspective appearance when moved from the grid.
Objects reveal stories about the African-American experience.
Objects rise at low altitude and easterly azimuth and get higher and move westward.
Objects rise over the eastern horizon and set toward the western horizon.
Objects roll quickly towards it as they approach the steep slope.
Objects run in the application server.
Objects seem to disappear when they go away because of the laws of perspective.
Objects seem to jut out of the screen, weapons seem to stick out menacingly.
Objects seem too near eyes.
Objects send messages to each other using ports .
Objects share common properties and functionality of a base object.
Objects shield the wireless device.
Objects shown in grey are optional.
Objects simplify programming by promoting abstraction, inheritance, encapsulation, and polymorphism.
Objects simply stack up on top of one another quite gracefully.
Objects sink easily into it but are hard to pull out.
Objects sink or float in water.
Objects snap to both guidelines and grid intersections.
Objects start out as flowers and develop into fruit as they are used by the program.
Objects still confer status, and they take their revenge.
Objects take a sharper look.
Objects take actions rather than describing sequences of computer instructions.
Objects take heat and reradiate it at different wavelengths.
Objects take infinite time to reach event horizon as seen by an observer outside.
Objects taken from the audience become the clues in the scene as they track down the villain.
Objects tend to be smooth, symmetric, and move like rigid bodies.
Objects tend to lose potential energy whenever possible.
Objects tend to resist changes in their motion.
Objects then represent themselves appropriately given their context and content.
Objects thus acquire a radiance, and begin to glow.
Objects thus have color because they absorb some wavelengths and reflect others.
Objects trace over three centuries of change in domestic life.
Objects typically emit waves of many kinds at the same time.
Objects typically have many operations, so the variety of possible rights can be huge.
Objects undergo circular motion, as shown.
Objects use less space and are freed automatically, as soon as they are no longer referenced.
Objects use messages to communicate to each other.
Objects using all three methods are available.
Objects vanish and reappear years later as the pitch slowly swirls.
Objects verge on abstraction.
Objects always belong to containers.
Objects always follow subjects.
Objects always occlude.
Objects often appear in the distance as sentiments looking for affection.
Objects often have parts which are objects.
Objects sometimes break off and remain in the wound.
Objects usually answer the question what.
Objects usually have to be removed from the ear.
All objects always emit some radiation.
All object based languages have three concepts.
All object oriented languages try to make parts of programs easily reusable and extensible.
All objects absorb and emit radiation.
All objects absorb and reflect visible light in different ways.
All objects accelerate at approximately the same rate.
All objects also have at least one naming attribute.
All objects announce certain events such as deletion, change in appearance, and change in size.
All objects appear to move the same way.
All objects are accessable using a single namespace.
All objects are an instance of a class.
All objects are created from templates called classes .
All objects are created from templates called classes.
All objects are dragable.
All objects are dynamic data, accessible via references.
All objects are either perceptible to our senses, ore merely exist in our thoughts.
All objects are either polygons or text.
All objects are equal.
All objects are equals.
All objects are first class.
All objects are flexible to some extent.
All objects are font sensitive.
All objects are for sale.
All objects are free of any claims from third parties.
All objects are genuine, made of natural material and earthen paint.
All objects are in .dxf format unless otherwise noted.
All objects are instances of a type which specifies the interface for accessing the object.
All objects are instances of some class .
All objects are instances.
All objects are of the same type.
All objects are on one layer.
All objects are perfect points or spheres.
All objects are pickable.
All objects are potential art objects.
All objects are removable and reusable adhesive-backed material.
All objects are royalty free.
All objects are spatio-temporal, including one s own self as an observed subject.
All Objects are suitable for server-side use.
All objects are three dimensional and fully parameterized.
All objects are three dimensional, fully parameterized and highly detailed.
All objects are to be looked at as the makings of a system.
All objects are transient.
All objects are very realistic.
All objects are visible from all angles.
ALL objects attract each other with a force of gravitational attraction.
All objects automatically snap to grid points, making lining up shapes a very simple task.
All objects belong to a class.
All objects belong to a package.
All objects belong to some class and an object is an instance of the class of which it belongs.
All objects can refer to superclass by the name super .
All objects can refer to themselves by using the label self .
All objects can run external programs or internal shell commands.
All objects carried by an orbiting spacecraft are also in a state of freefall.
All objects consist of many, many particles which are in constant motion.
All objects consist of matter.
All objects contain data about themselves.
All objects contain great generators, mysterious motions, deep shafts into fire.
All objects continuously emit light of some wavelength or another.
All objects declared by the user are global to the module.
All objects defined in the scene graph are accessible and manipulable.
All objects defined outside the scope of a transformation are unchanged by the transformation.
All objects discussed so far maintain state only.
All objects embody an abstraction.
All objects emit electromagnetic energy in varying wavelengths and directions.
All objects emit electromagnetic radiation.
All objects emit electromagnetic waves.
All objects emit energy at levels determined by their temperature.
All objects emit heat in the form of electromagnetic radiation.
All objects emit heat, and the hotter an object, the shorter the wavelength of radiation it emits.
All objects emit infrared radiation.
All objects emit invisible infrared energy.
All objects emit light if they are heated to a sufficiently high temperature.
All objects emit measurable infrared energy.
All objects emit radiation.
All objects emit some energy in the form of radiation.
All objects emit thermal energy or heat unless they have a temperature of absolute zero.
All objects emit various levels of infrared energy.
All objects eventually stop moving when the force is removed.
All objects exert a gravitational attraction on other objects.
All objects exert a repulsive force on all other objects in the system.
All objects experience a buoyant force when immersed in a fluid.
All objects fall at the same acceleration.
All objects fall at the same rate, unless they are affected by air resistance.
All objects fall at the same speed.
All objects fall due to gravity.
All objects generate electromagnetic radiation.
All objects give off heat.
All objects give off or reflect light.
All objects have a center of buoyancy.
All objects have a centre of gravity.
All objects have a certain temperature and emit waves of thermal energy called infrared radiation.
All objects have a default way in which they print depending on their class.
All objects have a force of attraction to one another.
All objects have a gravitational field which attracts other objects.
All objects have a location on the screen.
All objects have a method that returns a string that represents the object.
All objects have a name and an object number.
All objects have a natural frequency or set of frequencies at which they vibrate.
All objects have a natural frequency, or rate of vibration, depending on their size and shape.
All objects have a particular type , that reveals what can be done with an object.
All Objects have a place in a hierachy.
All objects have a pointer to their environment so that they can access global information.
All objects have an attraction to all other objects.
All objects have continuum radiation.
All objects have database numbers .
All objects have internal energy .
All objects have internal energy manifested by the microscopic motions of particles.
All objects have kinetic energy.
All objects have mass, velocity, moments of inertia and other real-world properties.
All objects have mass, velocity, moments of inertia, and other real-world properties.
All objects have now all their properties and hooks setup correctly.
All objects have object identifiers.
All objects have properties and methods .
All objects have properties that define their characteristics.
All objects have properties.
All objects have some required properties and some that are optional.
All objects have the potential to be edible.
All objects have the same potential connection types.
All objects have two key frames with the starting and ending values.
All objects have weight.
All objects have what is known as a natural frequency.
All objects including the entire world of people and things are nothing but concepts.
All objects lose by too familiar a view.
All objects move in perfect circles.
All objects move towards the center at a constant speed.
All objects move with a uniform speed.
All objects naturally emit infra-red radiation in proportion to their surface temperature.
All objects now have a class, including atomic objects such as vectors and matrices.
All objects now have grips.
All objects perish because they are mere modifications of the five elements.
All objects possess mass.
All objects radiate in many wavelengths.
All objects received are fully type-checked and can be directly used by the receiving program.
All objects reflect a certain amount of electromagnetic energy.
All objects reside on the heap.
All objects resist changes in their state of motion.
All objects respond immediately to changes in opacity, color, size etc.
All objects respond to the message whatAmI by returning the name of their class as a string.
All objects seen are stars within the Milky Way Galaxy.
All objects share certain common properties, as part of a standardized object wrapper .
All objects take up mass.
All objects take up space.
All objects transfer thermal energy by infrared radiation.
All objects turn purple.
Any object can act as a skeleton.
Any object can be a bone and any bone can be an object.
Any object can be a button.
Any object can be a listner of an event by implementing a proper listener interface.
Any object can be an animated character.
Any object can be in multiple layers.
Any object can become a black hole if compressed enough.
Any object can become anything.
Any object can call a public method of another object.
Any object can register an interest in an event triggered by any other object.
Any object can serve as a prototype.
Any object created by any member of the sysadmin fixed server role belongs to dbo automatically.
Any object drawn can now become a lens which is a virtual window to the artwork beneath it.
Any object expands when heated and contracts when cooled.
Any object has a radical .
Any object has a unit difference.
Any object hit by the sound produces an echo.
Any object instantiated from deep in the hierarchy has access to all the methods defined higher up.
Any object is an instance of a class.
Any object is potentially accessible by any process, provided the process is authorised to do so.
Any object made of an elastic material has a natural period of vibration.
Any object moving away from a dog triggers an instinctive urge to bite.
Any object shines.
Any object surrounded by a green circle indicates a shape .
Any object then throws two shadows, one from each window.
Every object accepted is listed, tagged, vacuumed, treated if necessary, numbered and catalogued.
Every object also has a large number of properties which control the object.
Every object attracts every other object, by virtue of their having mass.
Every object becomes a painful reminder.
Every object belongs to a class, but no classes are objects.
Every object belongs to at least one type.
Every object belongs to some specific class of similar objects.
Every object can be autonomous and receive user events.
Every object can have a script.
Every object can have several tags.
Every object can have zero, one or more tags attached.
Every object can move.
Every object casts a shadow.
Every object emits electromagnetic radiation.
Every object emits energy with wavelengths characterisic for the object's temperature.
Every object emits some form of electromagnetic radiation.
Every object exerts a gravitational force on every other object.
Every object glows with an icy sheen.
Every object has a center of gravity somewhere.
Every object has a center of mass.
Every object has a certain characteristic sound when struck.
Every object has a characteristic spectra in the infrared spectrum.
Every object has a corresponding class object.
Every object has a mass and a contour.
Every object has a name.
Every object has a set of coordinates that define a position in the two-dimensional space.
Every object has a set of intrinsic properties of various datatypes associated with it.
Every object has a type .
Every object has a type associated with it, and possibly more than one type.
Every object has a type.
Every object has a unique natural frequency of vibration .
Every object has a unique number by which it can be referred to.
Every object has an absolute center position where all forces exerted by the body equal zero.
Every object has an associated tag number .
Every object has an escape velocity.
Every object has an identity, a type and a value.
Every object has an intrinsic class, which defines the types of services it offers.
Every object has an object body which contains a contiguous block of data.
Every object has eight built-in properties whose values are constrained to be of particular types.
Every object has many properties.
Every object has mass.
Every object has nine alignment points.
Every object has one or more properties .
Every object has one or more well-defined interfaces at which it provides services.
Every object has one.
Every object has parents and children in one or more containment trees.
Every object has properties.
Every object has some actions to perform.
Every object has some kind of impact on another.
Every object has such a window.
Every object has the capacity to stand for something other than what is apparent.
Every object has to have a name, people notwithstanding.
Every object has to implement at least one structural objectClass.
Every object inherits the standard implementations of equals , hashCode , clone , finalize , etc.
Every object is a being with a soul.
Every object is a camera.
Every object is a certain number of beads long, wide or tall.
Every object is a direct instance of a class .
Every object is a direct instance of exactly one type.
Every object is a hand-selected part of a perfect puzzle that delivers the Africa of lore.
Every object is a little too neatly or symbolically in order.
Every object is a member of some class.
Every object is an instance of a type.
Every object is an instance of some class .
Every object is an instance of some class.
Every object is an instantiation of some class or is an array.
Every object is chalk white.
Every object is characterized by a certain element.
Every object is clear and shows a high amount of detail.
Every object is comprised of surfaces, defined by calculus based spline curves in two directions.
Every object is defined by certain characterisations.
Every object is described by a set of attributes.
Every object is designed and built according to the specific wishes of the customer.
Every object is designed to transcend time and become a classic.
Every object is developed together with the architects, builders, and of course the customer.
Every object is etched in words.
Every object is full of paisleys, stripes, polka dots, stars and every other intricate design.
Every object is full of personality.
Every object is illustrated in color and all incised and painted marks are reproduced.
Every object is linked to data in a database, describing the objects.
Every object is made up of matter.
Every object is necessarily self-identical.
Every object is numerically identical to itself and to no other thing.
Every object is of type t .
Every object is said to have an associative value.
Every object is saturated with meaning.
Every object is treated equally in terms of general user interaction.
Every object is unique and digital in the game.
Every object maintains a constant velocity unless acted upon by an unbalanced force.
Every object maintains a pointer to itself.
Every object needs now to be attributet with either male, female or neuter.
Every object presents a colour-mass, having different reflections on all sides.
Every object presents manifold possibilities of appearance, each of which is an aspect of the truth.
Every object pulls on every other object gravitationally equally and in the opposite direction.
Every object represents many hours of work, great creativity, and design.
Every object requires an owner.
Every object resides in a cell and is defined declaratively using a formula.
Every object reveals different features at different magnifications, so try a variety of eyepieces.
Every object shown here is in fact a work of art.
Every object shown on the dome is a true, three-dimensional object that can be rotated.
Every object supports a notion of being 'locked' with respect to certain other objects.
Every object tells a story.
Every object understands certain magic words which evoke certain behaviours.
Many objects also encourage students to compare early schooling and their current school experience.
Many objects are about as deep as they are wide.
Many objects are available for immediate purchase.
Many objects are blocky and it's usually hard to tell between rifle infantry and rockey infantry.
Many objects are irregular.
Many objects are much more fragile than they appear.
Many objects are simply better in binoculars.
Many objects are small enough to fit down the trachea and can cause the death.
Many objects are too large to leave the stomach.
Many objects compete for screen space.
Many objects contain long lists of different feature types.
Many objects get their names from a reference number in a catalog.
Many objects have lots of room for improvement.
Many objects have multiple values, obtains the value of the next instance of the object.
Many objects have pins that a require a connection.
Many objects have practical purposes, and social meanings.
Many objects hidden from the ground observer are easily recognizable from the air.
Many objects reveal different aspects of their behavior at different wavelengths .
Many objects roll.
Many objects show as text by default.
Many objects support only one verb.
Many objects take days, weeks or even months to respond.
Many objects use, or are collections of, other objects.
More objects means a slower page, no matter how small the page.
Most objects also look blocky like houses and buildings though most are nice.
Most objects are blurry sprites, the textures are muddy and the framerate is low.
Most objects are fairly easy, some are visible in binoculars.
Most objects are original and are arranged as actually used by China's first president.
Most objects are pieces of rockets or satellites.
Most objects are similarly high level - windows, dialog boxes, menus, files, resources, etc.
Most objects are simple domestic ustensils.
Most objects bring up the Properties dialogue box, but many, like text, bring up the text editor.
Most objects can do many different things.
Most objects contain the same number of protons and elec-trons and, therefore, carry no charge.
Most objects emit radiation at many wavelengths.
Most objects end up in museums.
Most objects give off several frequencies of energy simultaneously.
Most objects have a certain collection of things that they can do.
Most objects have a complete set of hot-keys.
Most objects have a London connection, being made, worn, sold or used in London.
Most objects have a wavelength that is too small to be detected.
Most objects have both matter and some form of energy, so the distinction can be tricky.
Most objects have close to zero net electric charge since they are made of neutral atoms.
Most objects have good-looking textures and the models are pretty well made.
Most objects have more than one possible read syntax.
Most objects have more than one possible textual representation.
Most objects have some sort of property menu, and all are pretty self explanatory.
Most objects play the roles of both clients and servers.
Most objects tend to absorb infrared rather than reflect it.
Most objects weigh more than the air that they replace and therefore settle to the ground.
Some object is generated on the battle field.
Some objects also have finding charts and light curves.
Some objects appear on the page in a place other than where their code is inserted.
Some objects are 'alive'.
Some objects are also helpful to disable traps and complete puzzles.
Some objects are capable of accepting input from the user.
Some objects are closer than they appear.
Some objects are fairly neutral.
Some objects are harder to detect than others.
Some objects are luminous - they give off their own light.
Some objects are more challenging than others.
Some objects are more difficult to photograph than others.
Some objects are new.
Some objects are permanent on the relevant time scale.
Some objects are present in many rooms at once.
Some objects are red, some are blue, etc.
Some objects are simple and unpretentious, while others are elaborate and ornate.
Some objects are so small they fail to register on the retina and hence are too tiny to be seen.
Some objects are sources of light.
Some objects are special like treasures.
Some objects are there for obvious symbolism.
Some objects are too fragile for display.
Some objects belong to both systems.
Some objects can already have height and width, all that's needed is top and left.
Some objects can change shape reversibly.
Some objects can have fairly wilful and powerful spirits, like certain cars or buildings.
Some objects can help, others can hurt real bad.
Some objects carry electrical charges and create electric fields.
Some objects contain other objects.
Some objects contain references to other objects.
Some objects contain very many properties, some contain very few.
Some objects decay much faster than others.
Some objects disintegrate.
Some objects do and know more things, or at least more complicated things, than other objects.
Some objects emit light only in certain wavelengths.
Some objects emit only radio waves or only X-rays.
Some objects emit very little or no visible light, but do emit radio signals.
Some objects expose methods that act on a component as directed by the application.
Some objects fade faster simply because their chemical bonds break down faster.
Some objects fall.
Some objects float in the little bowl of water and in the bathtub full of water.
Some objects float while others sink.
Some objects have default actions defined for certain events, such as clicking on a hypertext link.
Some objects have evident visible symmetry.
Some objects have individual positional errors up to .
Some objects have mental properties.
Some objects have multiple pointings.
Some objects have names, just like other users, but actually are part of the program.
Some objects have no price, some have a fixed price, and some have a dynamic price.
Some objects have sharp geometric features such as corners and creases.
Some objects have their erase mode set to 'normal' while others are 'xor'.
Some objects inherit some or all their properties from other related objects.
Some objects kill chickens.
Some objects kill dinosaurs.
Some objects look totally Greek, others look more Asian, and some are a mixture of styles.
Some objects occur in nature while others have been designed by people to solve human problems.
Some objects occur in nature while others have been designed by people.
Some objects reflect infrared radiation and some absorb it.
Some objects reflect radio wave better than others.
Some objects reflect, as well as emit, infrared energy.
Some objects rise directly at the east point, while others rise north or south of east.
Some objects roam the oceans for decades before finally coming ashore.
Some objects seem to be out of place while others struggle to be more a part of it.
Some objects sink in water, some float, and others remain suspended.
Some objects sink when placed in water and others float on the surface.
Some objects still beta.
Some objects suffer minor explosions and their radar cross section is largely unaffected.
Some objects suggest more common glass associations.
Some objects take up more space, and some take up a small amount of space.
Some objects tend to vibrate at a single frequency and they are often said to produce a pure tone.
Objectification is a form of oppression.
Objectification is a kind of metasystem transition .
Objectification is a term signifying treating people as things or abstractions.
Objectification is an inevitable aspect of representation.
Objectification is buttressed by the added force that objective morality lends to our moral claims.
Objectification is misleading when it causes undue attention on the irrelevant.
Objectification is possible for men as well, yes.
Objectification is realization
Objectification is realization.
Objectification is representations.
Objectification is the functioning of an actual entity in the becoming of an actual entity.
Objectification is when men view women as objects.
All objectification is a forgetting.
ObjectInputStream streams read objects from a source.
An objection is communication
Objection can mean dismissal, as has been illustrated in more than one case.
Objection is heard.
Objection is made on the basis of hearsay.
Objection is overruled in part as per rulings previously made.
Objection is overruled.
Objection is sustained in part as per rulings previously made.
Objection is sustained, improper foundation and no authentication.
Objection is sustained, no foundation as to the source of the information.
Objection is sustained.
Objection is taken to the production of the documents on the ground that they are privileged.
Objection is taken to the tepee and size of the skins.
Objection is taken to the use of such a verb as suggestive f division.
Objection requires a two- thirds vote.
Objections are a legal and proper part of the trial process.
Objections are a part of the decision-making process.
Objections are a request for more information, for a clearer view of the benefits.
Objections are disapproval.
Objections are irrelevant.
Objections are likely to come from states that are more dependent on sales taxes.
Objections are likely.
Objections are oral or written complaints concerning the conduct of a hearing.
Objections are procedures.
Objections are speech acts.
Objections are what stop a sale.
Objections based on Iran's treatment of women or lack of civil rights are difficult to sustain.
Objections become even more dangerous to raise during wartime.
Objections can allege errors in the election or cross-check procedure.
Objections can allege misconduct by a party which improperly affected the outcome.
Objections can be like a landmine.
Objections come in many forms.
Objections have an emotional basis.
Objections occur when there is lingering doubt or unanswered questions in the mind of the prospect.
Objections re access to limited access roads.
Objections related to Web sites can be e-mailed to the site owner or webmaster.
Objections truly are an opportunity to get a signed contract.
Objections usually appear in three different forms.
All objections are to be based on professional criteria only.
Any objection leads to brutal physical abuse.
Any objection precludes participation.
Every objection is an opportunity to close.
Every objection is anticipated.
Every objection is weighed, anticipated, and countered.
Some objections are stalls.
Some objections claim that licensing is no guarantee of applied competence.
Some Objections There are several common ethical objections to advance statements.
Objectionable behavior needs to be addressed as it presents.
Objectionable content is another reason for rejection.
Objectionable elements abound.
Objectionable material is a relative concept.
Objectionable material is addressed in more detail in the board policy.
Objectionable odors can develop in refrigerators and freezers.
Objectionable Picture Shows .
Objective algorithms gives possibility to realise real artificial intelligence.
Objective analysis is gone.
Objective aperture is used to enhance contrast.
Objective art is an attempt to provide exact communication between an artist and a viewer.
Objective burden refers to the caregiver's tasks or activities.
Objective C Promote a professional and collegial work environment.
An objective case is a case
Objective Case Use the objective case when the pronoun is a direct object or an indirect object.
Objective circumstances tend to influence and produce subjective tendencies.
Objective conditions are crucial, but decisions by powerful individuals sometimes have major effect.
Objective coverage gets a back seat.
Objective criteria allow the discussion to progress.
Objective criteria are precise and less prone to error.
Objective criteria are preferable.
Objective criteria form the basis for decisions made in the second dimension.
Objective D Create an environment to support lifelong learning.
Objective damage gets a little more complicated when alot of armor is involved.
Objective data are available on growth rates and fertility of the Australian buffalo.
Objective data includes research activity, student selectivity and faculty resources.
Objective data is collected via a generic web browser designed for usability testing.
Objective data is composed of research activity, student selectivity and faculty resources.
Objective data is interesting.
Objective data precedes reliable evaluation of successful efforts.
Some objective data are confidential.
Objective deprivation is often part of the fulfillment.
Objective depth can become a good device for suspense.
Objective diagnosis is complex and difficult.
Objective documentation is gained through drug testing.
Objective domains comprise culturally relevant measures of objective well being.
Objective evaluation is used to achieve program goals.
Objective evaluations provide a counseling and coaching experience for supervisors and employees.
Objective events appear to be members of familiar classes.
Objective evidence exists for determining and correcting poor quality.
Objective evidence is always best.
Objective evidence is to the contrary.
Objective evidence shows that they are leading the industry in customer service.
Objective exams require a high level of recall of specific information .
Objective examinations are no exception.
Objective factors are observable and measurable results.
Objective fear is a valuable protection mechanism.
Objective findings are necessary when evaluating incontinence as well.
Objective findings can come from multiple sources.
Objective focus is controlled by a focus knob located on the side of the system body.
Objective function is a family of isoprofit lines as every solution on line yields same solution.
Objective game reviews.
Objective goals are project expectations set to obtain concrete and measurable results.
Objective guidelines are in place for evaluating all job applicants.
Objective guidelines are necessary to build collections of quality and value.
Objective guilt is a verdict.
Objective indicators supply the context for sec.
Objective information can come in from other AUs.
Objective information forms the basis of sound planning.
Objective information is just that.
Objective involvement can be prayerful, and thankful.
Objective journalism is a myth.
Objective judgements require scrutiny and ethics.
Objective knowledge is value-free.
Objective language includes collision and crash.
Objective languages resemble our naturally spoken sentences.
Objective laws are just laws, laws that punish evil and protect the good.
An objective lens is a lens
Objective lens is used primarily to focus and initially magnify the image.
Objective lines are optional.
Objective love is conditional, just as rewards are conditional.
Objective measures are accuracy and time for task completion.
Objective measures are less helpful.
Objective measures challenge our assumptions and observations.
Objective measures show an overall high level of employer satisfaction.
Objective measurement is an assessment made without the influence of personal feelings or prejudice.
Objective measurement is necessary for honest evaluation .
Objective measurements are well correlated to subjective assessment.
Objective measurements give some diagnoses even more credibility.
Objective memories tend to be innate, factual and multi-dimensional.
Objective methods use some measurable quantity as the basis for assessing performance.
Objective monitoring responds to a known problem and usually targets specific chemicals.
Objective morality is natural law .
Objective observations are coolness, pallor, elevational pallor, and dependent rubor.
Objective observations are true no matter who makes the observation .
Objective observations are true no matter who makes the observation.
Objective observers are fairer.
Objective one is to keep bacteria out of the tank by keeping things clean.
Objective phenomena are therefore accessable to analysis.
Objective processes bring a person gradually into present time.
Objective questions are in the form of identification and some multiple choice.
Objective questions ask students to name each structure as it is described.
Objective questions range from inquiries into staff interaction to punctuality to preformance.
Many objective rates reflect the returns on equities and commodities.
Objective rationality is a basis for psychology.
Objective reality can be questionable.
Objective Reality creates the origins of moral truth.
Objective reality does exist.
Objective reality has objective, true properties.
Objective reality is a non-starter, and boring to boot.
Objective reality is everything that just simply exists.
Objective reality is extremely important in creating a medium for life.
Objective reality is present on both sides.
Objective reality is tempered by grazia and a self-conscious artifice.
Objective reality is the medium and substance of life.
Objective reality is the medium which sorts out problems and creates life.
Objective reality is the reality, which is ouside and independant of any individual consciousness.
Objective reason deals with universal truths that dictate that an action is either right or wrong.
Objective reports are factual, unbiased, and free from distortion.
Objective responses are also frequently difficult to assess non-invasively.
Objective results are good.
Objective rule is replaced by subjective, self-centred choice.
Objective science discusses mitigating or complicating factors.
Objective science explores our outer world.
Objective science means that our minds stay open to both possibilities.
Objective science struggles for air under government, university and corporate 'partnerships'.
Many objective signs are present in keratoconus.
Objective standard considers the defendant's actions against a hypothetical reasonable person.
Objective statements contain certain action verbs.
Objective Strategies Read the question carefully.
Objective structure is mutually dependent with the intersubjective structures of prestige and power.
Objective Students can say that sounds are caused by vibrations in things.
Objective Students differentiate between bugs and insects.
Objective Students identify sensory information.
Objective Students learn about a different method of communication.
Objective Students learn about appropriate punctuation.
Objective Students learn about dialogue and ways to use dialogue in writing stories.
Objective Students learn about the animals and plants that live in a pond.
Objective Students learn about the different countries of Africa.
Objective Students learn about the origins of last names in Medieval times.
Objective Students learn about the stock market.
Objective Students learn why the ocean appears blue.
Objective Students observe how substances are held together by bonds.
Objective Students practice adding to five and subtracting from five.
Objective tax is comprehensive personal tax software and partnership tax software.
Objective tests are especially well-suited to certain types of tasks.
Objective tests can measure higher order mental processes such as analytical and reasoning skills.
Objective tests cover more ground than essay tests and usually have many more questions.
Objective tests measure recall and some integration of facts, ideas, and concepts.
Objective tests tend to test receptive learning.
Objective testing has a place within a balanced set of evaluation tools.
Objective testing is available by most physical and occupational therapy departments.
Objective testing is discouraged.
Objective testing is required to demonstrate a substantial limitation to learning .
Objective time is consistent with the story, and reality.
Objective tinnitus is tinnitus which can be heard and appreciated by an objective examiner.
Objective tone is impartial, unbiased, unslanted.
Objective training utilizes employees to complete an activity the company needs while they train.
Objective transaction attributes.
Objective truth exists.
Objective truth is a hang-up from the past.
Objective truth is arrived at gradually, dialectically.
Objective truth is based on general public opinion or belief.
Objective truth is the actual state of affairs about things.
Objective truth is viewed as a thing of the past, passe, unenlightened, even deviant.
Objective truth means that whatever is true is independent of the speaker of the truth.
Objective truths are independent of human wishes and beliefs.
Objective truths are totally dependent on situation, race, sex, background, and social class.
Objective turret is in reverse position to permit easier changing of slides.
Objective V Provide for the establishment and dissolution of committees.
Objective values do exist.
Objective vertigo is the name given the sensation that the world is spinning about the patient.
Objective viewpoint is used when the narrator relates facts but avoids emotion.
An objective is a goal
Objective ca. . .
Objective Is to find the density of certain liquids.
Objectives a. Demonstrate an ability to construct a demand curve from a demand schedule of data.
Objectives a. Have a working knowledge of the variety of approaches to clinical research b.
Objectives Add graphical text to Web-based images.
Objectives Add more public Internet workstations, as needed.
Objectives Add real numbers.
Objectives allow the student to identify key goals.
Objectives also call for improving support for people with disabilities.
Objectives also help the students prepare for exactly what the course director expects.
Objectives Applies the nursing process in providing care for moderately ill individuals of all ages.
Objectives Apply fundamental principles to the design of process equipment.
Objectives Apply impulse technology in a wide range of acoustical problems.
Objectives Apply the integrative systems perspective to phenomena of concern.
Objectives apply to the alumni population.
Objectives Appreciate the basic principles of chemistry which are involved in life processes.
Objectives are a good way of deriving training requirements, so they go hand in hand.
Objectives are a list of broad statements of what needs to be done to satisfy the corporate mission.
Objectives are adequate and partially met.
Objectives are adequate in number and measurable using a recognized test or assessment process.
Objectives are always client specific.
Objectives are an expression of desired, measurable end results.
Objectives are an integral part of the planning process, but they differ from the goals.
Objectives are available - also on web .
Objectives are behavioral in nature and are specific to performance.
Objectives are brief, clear statements of learning outcomes of instruction.
Objectives are brief, clear statements that describe the desired learning outcomes of instruction.
Objectives are brief, clear statements that describe the desired learning outcomes of the course.
Objectives are broad statements of what the project aims to achieve.
Objectives are career development, occupational experience, and economic subsidy.
Objectives are career development, occupational experience, and educational subsidy.
Objectives are clear and stated in an appropriate level of detail.
Objectives are clear and the linear nature of each adventure enables goals to be easily identified.
Objectives are clear targets for specific action.
Objectives are clear, realistic and well articulated to procedures and outcomes of lesson.
Objectives are closely related.
Objectives are color-coded for easy identification.
Objectives are commensurate with background and field of preparation.
Objectives are concrete, measurable, and time-specific.
Objectives are critical.
Objectives are crucial to individual and organisation effectiveness.
Objectives are different.
Objectives are easily interchangeable and can be secured three at a time to a revolving nosepiece.
Objectives are expensive and delicate.
Objectives are expensive.
Objectives are fourfold.
Objectives are goals defined in terms of return requirements and risk tolerance.
Objectives are ideas, concepts, principles, etc.
Objectives are important in strategic planning because they provide direction and purpose.
Objectives are inadequate with no process for measurement of student achievement.
Objectives are intended results or consequences of instruction, curricula, programs, or activities.
Objectives are lenses.
Objectives are like Sergeants.
Objectives are means by which the student achieves the desired results of learning.
Objectives are measurable and achievable.
Objectives are measurable and attainable.
Objectives are measurable and have time limits.
Objectives are measurable and lead to necessary action steps.
Objectives are measurable, short-term tasks that contribue to the achievement of our goals.
Objectives are measurable, short-term tasks that contribute to the achievement of our goals.
Objectives are mileposts between the current state and the preferred state.
Objectives are more detailed, specific targets of performance.
Objectives are more detailed.
Objectives are more narrow in their focus than the global goals and the broad content standards.
Objectives are more narrow statements of desired ends or targets for traffic safety.
Objectives are more specific and quantifiable than goals, and are a means of measuring progress.
Objectives are more specific than goals, and are described in terms of actions or behaviors.
Objectives are more specific than goals.
Objectives are more specific, shorter-term targets for attaining goals.
Objectives are now on the web.
Objectives are observable, measurable learner behaviors.
Objectives are often either too broad and general, or so narrow that they limit the job seeker.
Objectives are optional, but if used, success criteria are required for each objective.
Objectives are outcomes that are measurable.
Objectives are parfocal and parcentered at all IPD settings.
Objectives are part of compound microscopes.
Objectives are part of optical telescopes.
Objectives are precise statements about specific Web site content.
Objectives are prepared for teaching and evaluating client learning.
Objectives are pretty simple.
Objectives are qualifiable and measurable.
Objectives are reasonable only if learning opportunities and guided practice have been provided.
Objectives are shorter-term benchmarks, designed to measure progress along the way to the goal.
Objectives are shorter-term statements of organizational intent and are usually subsets of goals.
Objectives are slightly easier.
Objectives are smaller, concrete statements of the learning goals.
Objectives are specific and measurable targets for accomplishing goals.
Objectives are specific and measurable targets for accomplishment during the state time frame.
Objectives are specific statements about the goals.
Objectives are specific statements of what the presentation is about.
Objectives are specific statements that define what is to be achieved.
Objectives are specific, concrete statements of what needs to be accomplished to implement a goal.
Objectives are specific, concrete steps in achieving goals.
Objectives are specific, immediate ends that are achievable and that mark progress toward a goal.
Objectives are specific, measurable outcomes that help solve the problem or address the issue.
Objectives are specific, measurable outcomes.
Objectives are specific, measurable results produced while implementing strategies.
Objectives are specific, measurable, achievable, realistic and timely.
Objectives are specific, time-phased and measurable.
Objectives are statements of intended learning outcomes in a program of study.
Objectives are statements of what the student wishes to learn from the experience.
Objectives are subtler on the Taiwanese side.
Objectives are tangible, observable, measurable results to be achieved.
Objectives are the broadest statements of what the organization chooses to accomplish.
Objectives are the cultural context of a presentation.
Objectives are the direct means for achieving goals.
Objectives are the driver of planning processes.
Objectives are the end points envisioned for the proposed project.
Objectives are the foundation of both traditional training and live e-learning.
Objectives are the foundation, the base of the entire instructional pyramid.
Objectives are the goals, usually pre-set, which unit members pursue over intermediate time frames.
Objectives are the means to an end.
Objectives are the measurable milestones that indicate progress toward the goal.
Objectives are the measurable outcomes of the program.
Objectives are the measurable outcomes of the project.
Objectives are the overall benefits that the Recommendation is to accomplish.
Objectives are the quantifiable and measurable benchmarks that reflect each goal statement.
Objectives are the results needed to be accomplished in order for the goals to become a reality.
Objectives are the results the enterprise plans to realize at the end of implementation.
Objectives are the results to be accomplished in order for the goals to become a reality.
Objectives are the school's measurable end results that focus on increasing student achievement.
Objectives are the sequential, measurable steps needed to achieve each goal.
Objectives are the specific implementation processes that are needed to accomplish the goals.
Objectives are the specific skills, knowledge or attitudes to be acquired.
Objectives are the specific, measurable outcomes of program activities.
Objectives are the specifications on how the particular goal is to be reached.
Objectives are the tools used to obtain goals.
Objectives are time limited, measurable, about change, quantifiable.
Objectives are time-framed and measurable.
Objectives are to encourage enjoyment, preservation, and exploration of American waterways.
Objectives are to inform, motivate and provide a forum for the exchange of ideas.
Objectives are to learn how to remain open to erotic feelings while avoiding dangers of enactment.
Objectives are to retrieve additional plate and rivets.
Objectives are to stimulate an interest in horticulture and to further the art of gardening.
Objectives are usually vague.
Objectives are vague and unmeasurable.
Objectives are varied from habitual development to mission accomplishment with limited forces.
Objectives are very specific and measureable.
Objectives are very specific.
Objectives are well understood and accepted by all members of the group.
Objectives are, essentially, a statement of preferences, choices, values.
Objectives are, in the best of all possible worlds, measurable.
Objectives are, therefore, essential to attaining local quality control via the school board.
Objectives Assemble and distribute useful and accurate information.
Objectives Assess current Internet backbone ownership, routes and control.
Objectives associated with each goal appear in the following section.
Objectives assure the completeness of testing.
Objectives Attend to the reading of the story.
Objectives Be able to compute and interpret relative humidity.
Objectives Be able to debate the meaning of the word design.
Objectives Be able to describe the composition of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Objectives Be able to propose ways to use IS to improve a business.
Objectives Be able to select text using the mouse or keyboard commands.
Objectives Be able to use e-mail effectively.
Objectives Be computer literate.
Objectives Be the leading association for risk management.
Objectives Become a trusted source of health information.
Objectives Become a world-class supplier of automotive accessories.
Objectives become easier to set and measure.
Objectives Become familiar with some immunology terminology.
Objectives Become familiar with the language programs of the department.
Objectives Become familiar with the options on the Formatting toolbar for document formatting.
Objectives Become familiar with the options on the Power Bar for document formatting.
Objectives become guiding lights for our instruction and for our students.
Objectives Become proficient in applying basic kinematic and dynamic relations.
Objectives Become the preferred partner for economic growth in the Calumet Region.
Objectives Begin with an analysis of existing systems.
Objectives Better define the speed problem.
Objectives Better understand the genetic principles involved in individual families.
Objectives break the goal down into increments.
Objectives break the goals down into increments.
Objectives Bring an industry component to the mechanical engineering students education.
Objectives Build a normalized database using a relational database management system.
Objectives Calculate instantaneous and average power in the time domain.
Objectives can be to broad and meaningless, communicating indecision and lack of direction.
Objectives can cover knowledge, skills as well as attitudes.
Objectives can provide both a focus and a motivation for leaning.
Objectives can provide both a focus and a motivation for learning.
Objectives can range from easy to hard tasks depending on student abilities.
Objectives Check on various projects in progress.
Objectives Clarify the goals of the proposed funding in measurable terms.
Objectives Clearly state measurable objectives for the proposed program.
Objectives Clearly state the club's objectives in the constitution.
Objectives Closely examine the similarities between two texts.
Objectives Collect and organize real world data.
Objectives come in various sizes, expressed as the diameter of the mirror or lens.
Objectives commensurate with student's background and field of training.
Objectives Compare diets with and without detritus.
Objectives Compare internal case management versus hiring an outside vendor.
Objectives Compare the development and functions of the pronephros, mesonephros and metanephros.
Objectives Compare the different sizes of dinosaurs to other familiar objects.
Objectives Comply with all applicable state laws and regulations on water and sewerage planning.
Objectives Continue developing skill in correct use of digital multimeter as voltmeter and ammeter.
Objectives Continue documentation work while fabrication and procurement process continues.
Objectives Continue documentation work while fabrication continues.
Objectives Continue emphasis and expansion of educators in the workplace programs.
Objectives Continue to develop a procedure for analyzing the current weather situation.
Objectives Contribute to the improvement of education.
Objectives Convert the journal publications to HTML according to the client's specifications.
Objectives Convey the profitability of aquaculture to potential farmers and lending institutions.
Objectives Coordinates the assessment with the effects of medication.
Objectives Correctly identify the states of Australia.
Objectives Create a resume in HTML code.
Objectives Create a totem pole.
Objectives Create a vision of peace and list qualities of a peacemaker.
Objectives Create a Web site that highlights the great athletes of Hawaii.
Objectives Create a work environment conducive to visionary leadership.
Objectives Create waste-reducing technologies.
Objectives Define all vocabulary words.
Objectives Define initial requirements while building the system.
Objectives Define the hydrogeologic framework in Canal Creek area.
Objectives define the overall direction or purpose of the project.
Objectives Define the pathogenesis and epidemiology of porcine circovirus-induced disease.
Objectives Demonstrate accurate knowledge of the content area with confidence and authority.
Objectives Demonstrate an accepted method for patient presentation.
Objectives Demonstrate an understanding of concepts of the Internet.
Objectives Demonstrate and evaluate postweaning growth in beef bulls.
Objectives Demonstrate appropriate behavior in a variety of settings.
Objectives Demonstrate deep-water bobbing.
Objectives Demonstrate the telecommunications system capabilities and opportunities for learning.
Objectives Demonstrates progress, effort and achievement for all seven objectives.
Objectives Describe a psychosocial model of the dying process.
Objectives Describe atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease.
Objectives Describe the basic functions of the price system in allocating resources.
Objectives Describe the basic functions that a computer performs.
Objectives Describe the different congenital anomalies of the larynx and the possible treatments.
Objectives Describe the forest management objectives that the plan has been designed to achieve.
Objectives Describe the goals of health education.
Objectives Describe the input to the motor neuron pool and explain how it functions.
Objectives Describe the life cycle of a butterfly and moth.
Objectives Describe the location and function of the atria and ventricles of mammalian heart.
Objectives Describe the main features of heart development to the four-chambered system.
Objectives describe the means to arrive at that vision.
Objectives Describe the motion of objects.
Objectives Describe the origins of life in the universe and on Earth.
Objectives Describe the principles of ethical use of psychological tests.
Objectives Describe the process of evaporation.
Objectives Describe the processes of implantation and placentation.
Objectives describe the steps to be taken to achieve the goals.
Objectives Describe the various models of rural family practice residency programs.
Objectives Describe the vastness of the cosmos in terms of time, mass, and space.
Objectives describe what is to be achieved.
Objectives Describe what the Internet is, who manages it and how it came to be.
Objectives Determine a way to distribute the goods.
Objectives Determine environmental criteria.
Objectives determine outcome.
Objectives Determine the current water-quality conditions in the Potomac River Basin.
Objectives Determine the role of diet in obesity and eating disorders.
Objectives Determine what contamination exists in the water using standard laboratory procedures.
Objectives Develop a conscious design methodology while perfecting representational techniques.
Objectives Develop a strategic plan to educate headquarters and all facilities about our mission.
Objectives Develop a thorough understanding of the basic concepts behind marketing strategy.
Objectives Develop a working knowledge of how to stabilize and prepare for transport sick neonates.
Objectives Develop an appreciation for the importance and broad applicability of linear programming.
Objectives Develop an appreciation of geometry as a means of describing the physical world.
Objectives Develop an awareness of and sensitivity to art, both natural and human made.
Objectives Develop an interpersonal skills curriculum and integrate it into the curriculum.
Objectives Develop an understanding of major concepts in the environmental sciences.
Objectives Develop an understanding of the human services field.
Objectives Develop an understanding of the major ethical systems.
Objectives Develop an understanding of the relational database model.
Objectives Develop an understanding of the role of information systems in modern organizations.
Objectives develop and explain the theological and biological bases for infectious diseases.
Objectives Develop classification criteria for metals, ceramics, polymers, and composites.
Objectives Develop common access and delivery systems for library collections.
Objectives Develop data for food design.
Objectives Develop data on family economic and social viability.
Objectives Develop disease detection methods.
Objectives Develop financial and operational assessment plans.
Objectives Develop genetic markers.
Objectives Develop geography skills.
Objectives Develop hands-on professional skill in writing, reporting and editing radio news.
Objectives Develop in each student safe, clean work habits, attitudes and skills.
Objectives Develop in each student safe, clean work habits, attitudes, and skills.
Objectives Develop instructional materials including multimedia presentations.
Objectives Develop internal clarity on key issues about student achievement.
Objectives Develop our ability to read scholarly texts.
Objectives Develop proficiency in performing uncomplicated vaginal deliveries.
Objectives Develop proficiency in uncomplicated vaginal deliveries and repairs.
Objectives Develop the ability to apply the use of technologies in the classroom.
Objectives Develop the ability to harness the competitive advantages of partnering with others.
Objectives Develop the art of listening to stories attentively.
Objectives Develop transmission-line theory from a circuits point of view.
Objectives Differentiate a single word from a sentence or a paragraph.
Objectives Differentiate between heat and temperature.
Objectives Discuss pathophysiology and general management of gastric acid-related disorders.
Objectives Discuss the history and current status of nursing informatics.
Objectives Discuss the philosophy and five major roles within parish nursing practice.
Objectives Discusses the goals of the module.
Objectives Distinguish between exact and approximate values.
Objectives Drastically reduce correspondence.
Objectives Elaborate a sectoral profile of the European music industry.
Objectives Elevate the standards for women in business and in the professions.
Objectives Elevate the status of health education.
Objectives emphasize the results of agency actions and are tied directly to the outcomes.
Objectives Enable on-demand access to large distributed archives of earth observation data.
Objectives enable the development of performance goals.
Objectives Encourage children to develop special friendships with their peers.
Objectives Encourage energy and mineral resource exploration in Australia.
Objectives Encourage lifelong learning.
Objectives Enhance the quality, shelf life and safety of perishable tropical agricultural products.
Objectives Enter a graduate program in aerospace or aeronautical engineering.
Objectives Establish a clear sense of entry and arrival to the campus.
Objectives Establish a regular slot in The Bulletin .
Objectives Establish a system to compost the sawdust from the carpenters' workshop.
Objectives establish the benefits of the funding in measurable terms.
Objectives Evaluate the capacity of Shoal Creek watershed for land application of broiler litter.
Objectives Evaluate the diversity of microbial populations in toxic metal damaged environments.
Objectives Examine and become familiar with nails and screws.
Objectives Examine the distribution of spleen size.
Objectives Examine the epidemiology, features, and course of eating disorders.
Objectives Examine the society's financial statements.
Objectives Examine the system's financial statements.
Objectives Exceed both internal and external customer expectations.
Objectives Execute the approved audit program for the audit.
Objectives Explain circadian rhythms and discuss how they relate to sleep.
Objectives Explain how accounting is the system that produces information for business decisions.
Objectives Explain how local and state government is organized.
Objectives Explain the causes of earthquakes.
Objectives Explain the functional role of cities in major historical time periods.
Objectives Explain the purpose of the standard.
Objectives Explains the process of new-product introduction.
Objectives Explore different ways of offering extended cable services using appropriate technology.
Objectives express certain ways of achieving the goals.
Objectives express the community's values and long term aspirations.
Objectives Find new applications for existing materials.
Objectives Find out how scientists use rocks to unlock stories of the past.
Objectives focus on behavior and attitude changes as well as gaining knowledge.
Objectives focus on shorter-term goals, such as individual course or lesson attainments.
Objectives form the basis for program evaluation.
Objectives Formally states research questions, hypotheses, or objectives.
Objectives Formulate good, solid funding strategy for training and staff development.
Objectives Fully understand our customers' ongoing needs and ensure high customer satisfaction.
Objectives Gain a broad knowledge of twentieth-century art and architecture.
Objectives Gain an appreciation of the wonderful complexity of natural language.
Objectives Gain an understanding of and appreciation for the time value of money.
Objectives Gain an understanding of the general operational characteristics of services.
Objectives Gain factual knowledge.
Objectives Get all departments using common set of demographic data.
Objectives Get comfortable talking about condoms.
Objectives Get to know and analyze different approaches for consistency maintenance.
Objectives Give academic functions first priority in the occupancy of the podium.
Objectives Give equal effort to both affective and cognitive development.
Objectives Give new educators opportunities to feel welcomed and acquainted with their colleagues.
Objectives Give priority attention to developing procedures.
Objectives give the teacher a direction to go.
Objectives grow out of action strategies and targets.
Objectives guide and delimit the discussion.
Objectives Have a basic understanding of the elements of wide area networking.
Objectives Have access to all aspects of the national curriculum.
Objectives Have an rounded understanding of the technology and terminology.
Objectives Have an understanding of the technology and terminology .
Objectives have to be defined and scenarios have to be planned and analysed.
Objectives have to be realistic and obtainable and have to match with current industry demands.
Objectives Help churches in North America recruit, train and send short-term mission teams.
Objectives help focus on the more important information.
Objectives Help participants understand record-keeping regulations.
Objectives help solve the problem or address the issue.
Objectives Help young people experience the wonder of nature and wilderness areas.
Objectives Identify and describe the function of a thermometer.
Objectives Identify and explore seven common communication mistakes.
Objectives Identify and support needs of staff in different campuses and faculties.
Objectives Identify and understand the roles of the various players in collective bargaining.
Objectives Identify barriers to action.
Objectives Identify common features of reversible protein-protein interactions.
Objectives Identify critical economic factors that significantly affect the business.
Objectives Identify current issues related to the laboratory phase of driver education.
Objectives Identify five birds common to the area by observing the birds that use the feeders.
Objectives Identify major concerns and roadblocks to using group projects in the classroom.
Objectives Identify major landforms found in Florida.
Objectives Identify opportunities to promote the Liverpool Region.
Objectives Identify relative nutrient values and quality.
Objectives Identify specific examples of historic costume.
Objectives Identify the different developmental characteristics of youth.
Objectives Identify the extent of back injury problem in the workplace.
Objectives Identify the greatest roadblocks to parent-teacher cooperation.
Objectives Identify the health and safety concerns unique to trenching and excavation.
Objectives Identify the importance of planning a group program.
Objectives Identify the learning objectives for the project.
Objectives Identify the location and dimensions of disposal and test sites.
Objectives Identify the main characteristics of the term personality.
Objectives Identify the main parts of a coral reef.
Objectives Identify the provisions of an employer's emergency response plan.
Objectives Identify the scope and purpose of a local safety policy.
Objectives Identify the social classes of the Roman Empire.
Objectives Identify the widespread use of derived variables in sickle cell research.
Objectives Identify ways that sinkholes are formed.
Objectives Identify who are difficult employees.
Objectives Identify, recruit, and select students from disadvantaged backgrounds.
Objectives Implement a graphical integrated library system.
Objectives Implement mastery learning at all grade levels.
Objectives Improve financial and asset management and performance.
Objectives Improve quality and nutritive value of foods of animal origin.
Objectives Improve the reliability of the microwave system.
Objectives includes cost minimization and maximization of crew satisfaction.
Objectives includes type of work sought and locations.
Objectives incorporate learning styles of majority of students, and are clearly measureable.
Objectives Increase knowledge of leadership and community health principles.
Objectives Increase non-tax revenue.
Objectives Increase packing density of the product.
Objectives Increase public awareness of education and youth issues.
Objectives Increase the knowledge of pre-service teachers in the basic aspects of insect biology.
Objectives Indicate mastery of cardinal directions by participating in board game.
Objectives Insure that the data is complete and on time.
Objectives Introduce the concepts of real-time programming.
Objectives is a bullet.
Objectives is included.
Objectives is longer-term infant breastfeeding, at least up to six months.
Objectives Know what a nucleus is and what keeps it together.
Objectives last only one year.
Objectives Learn a procedure for analyzing the current weather situation.
Objectives Learn about and do a little spectral classification.
Objectives Learn about different kinds of volcanoes.
Objectives Learn about relational databases in general - what it is, how it works.
Objectives Learn about slide show features.
Objectives Learn about the design process and basic project management skills.
Objectives Learn about the judicial process of Virginia through experience and practice.
Objectives Learn about types and critical features of machine elements.
Objectives Learn basic first aid skills to respond to emergencies and treat common injuries.
Objectives Learn different quantitative and qualitative techniques to evaluate web-based systems.
Objectives learn how newspapers are written.
Objectives Learn how to add images to a slide.
Objectives Learn how to apply a background from the gallery.
Objectives Learn how to apply a design template.
Objectives Learn how to apply highlighting to emphasize text, and how to suppress it from printing.
Objectives Learn how to apply transitions to slides.
Objectives Learn how to bring in text from a word processor.
Objectives Learn how to bring in text from Word.
Objectives Learn how to compare and contrast new reagents and reactions with existing ones.
Objectives Learn how to convert old tabbed and parallel column text into tables.
Objectives Learn how to copy and delete a table.
Objectives Learn how to develop and implement an effective management strategy.
Objectives Learn how to do effective and efficient testing of object-oriented systems.
Objectives Learn how to do simple sorts.
Objectives Learn how to join cells in a table.
Objectives Learn how to make text changes to an existing presentation.
Objectives Learn how to make text changes to an existing slide set.
Objectives Learn how to perform effective bibliographic searches over the Internet.
Objectives Learn how to place, size, and move an image.
Objectives Learn how to place, size, and move horizontal and vertical graphic lines.
Objectives Learn how to quickly fill cells with sequential information.
Objectives Learn how to reach consensus in a group.
Objectives Learn how to sort rows of information.
Objectives Learn how to sum up columns and rows of numbers.
Objectives Learn how to take an entrepreneurial approach to life, mission, and career.
Objectives Learn how wizards can make quick work of designing objects.
Objectives Learn introductory material about four families of orchestral instruments.
Objectives Learn more about the Consortium objectives.
Objectives Learn more HTML instructions, such as tables, lists and image processing.
Objectives Learn some basic reasons to use the mail merge feature.
Objectives Learn some basic reasons to use the merge feature.
Objectives Learn the application software that is used in business.
Objectives Learn the basic class policies involving grades, lecture schedule, and the astronomy lab.
Objectives Learn the basic steps in creating a form letter that references a merge data file.
Objectives Learn the basic steps in creating a form letter that references a merge data source.
Objectives Learn the basics in creating and suppressing headers and footers.
Objectives Learn the basics of how rain, thunder, and lightning are formed.
Objectives Learn three ways to change the column widths.
Objectives Learn to accomplish more difficult tasks.
Objectives Learn to create a table from scratch.
Objectives Learn to observe with a camera and to tell a story with pictures.
Objectives Learn two ways to change the column width.
Objectives Link human genome technologies with hypothesis-based molecular oncology.
Objectives List major goals and objectives of the project.
Objectives List the physical and behavioral signs of physical abuse, sexual abuse and neglect.
Objectives Listen to traditional gamelan music of Spice Islands.
Objectives Locate a room to develop into a computer lab.
Objectives Locate specific countries on historical maps of Europe.
Objectives Locate the boundaries of the United States on a globe, a U.S. map, and a world map.
Objectives Locate the important colonial cities of Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Charleston.
Objectives Locate the Southeast region on a globe, a U.S. map, and a world map.
Objectives Look at Native American sculpture in the form of a mask.
Objectives Look carefully at a slide of medieval relief sculpture.
Objectives Maintain the county-wide network for fast and reliable Internet access.
Objectives Maintain the currency of transfer articulation agreements and develop new ones.
Objectives Make agriculture more consumer oriented with a focus on food quality and safety.
Objectives Make education the primary focus of the school board and administration.
Objectives Make employees aware of the federal and state regulatory standards.
Objectives Make every place in the building accessible to all people.
Objectives Make high level studies and research on various aspects of agriculture.
Objectives Make money .
Objectives Make science appealing to the general public, particularly the younger generation.
Objectives Manage the primary health care needs of essentially normal women.
Objectives Name the individuals who have led the university to prominence.
Objectives objectives objectives can enable students to pursue their dreams.
Objectives Observe differences between piano and organ.
Objectives Observe how a microscope works.
Objectives Observe some characteristics of art from India.
Objectives Observe some characteristics of art of China.
Objectives occupy a higher level of importance.
Objectives Offer a solution to the problem.
Objectives Offer foreign languages on all campuses.
Objectives Offer short courses, videotapes other means of self-instruction.
Objectives Optimize the task planning process.
Objectives organize site content information and depth and breadth of site information.
Objectives page No comparable feature.
Objectives Plan and prioritize integration and implementation of capital IT investments.
Objectives point to measurable student activities.
Objectives Practise collecting and using data in a systematic way.
Objectives Practise establishing criteria to evaluate ideas and decisions.
Objectives Prepare a paper, which describes in general, the topic of oscillating chemical reactions.
Objectives Present the most current issues facing the healthcare sector.
Objectives Preserve the lifestyles of rural communities.
Objectives Promote an understanding of plants and the role they play in our daily lives.
Objectives Promote examples of appropriate technology-enhanced teaching.
Objectives Promote the appreciation and acceptance of multiple cultures.
Objectives Promote the character trait of respect for self and others.
Objectives Promote the collection and use of environment statistics in selected African countries.
Objectives Promote the growth of the rural tourism industry in Australia.
Objectives Protect the citizenry from criminal behavior.
Objectives Provide a Canada-wide support network for entrepreneurial foot care nurses.
Objectives Provide a platform for quick access to information about Africa.
Objectives Provide a resource band of graduates available to currently enrolled students.
Objectives provide a way to evaluate the project.
Objectives provide active strategies for achieving each goal.
Objectives Provide advocacy to businesses owned or operated by women.
Objectives Provide an image that meets the quality requirements of all parties.
Objectives Provide an introduction to the design and use of data bases.
Objectives Provide an overview of health issues related to diseases of the venous system.
Objectives Provide an understanding of major issues in the marketing of air transport services.
Objectives Provide an understanding of the principals and techniques in stress analysis.
Objectives Provide assistance within regulations and procedures.
Objectives provide both resolution and magnification for the microscope.
Objectives Provide computing capability for all faculty and staff.
Objectives Provide freshmen with an immediate support system and information source.
Objectives Provide general lab access to the Internet for all students.
Objectives Provide necessary personnel for the operation of the campus computer network.
Objectives Provide office access to network for all faculty and staff.
Objectives Provide office access to the Internet for all faculty and staff.
Objectives Provide personal support to the participants.
Objectives Provide potential travelers information to help plan their trip.
Objectives Provide reliable network and client workstations.
Objectives provide students with an outline of the major points in the upcoming lessons.
Objectives provide targets for the direction and guidance of the marketing plan.
Objectives Provide users with efficient means to address their ordering needs.
Objectives Provides extra time to read written text.
Objectives Pursue a course of self-study with guidance from a member of staff.
Objectives range from overrunning the enemy force to more subtle missions such infiltrating bases.
Objectives range from scrambling to advanced climbs.
Objectives Recall the names of four major brass instruments.
Objectives Recall the names of lines and spaces in music notation.
Objectives Recall the names of the planets that revolve about the sun.
Objectives Recall the term opera .
Objectives recognize and identify the main contributing factors resulting in the origin of Jazz.
Objectives Recognize that historical events influence the arts.
Objectives Recognize the importance of family involvement.
Objectives refers to the goals of that corrective action.
Objectives reflect the desired outcomes for individuals, groups and organizations.
Objectives Relocate a suite of species to an outdoor raceway in a federal hatchery.
Objectives represent the desired results of a guidance program.
Objectives require each student's full integration into community life.
Objectives Select the level of staffing, resources for a project.
Objectives serve as an organizational and a motivational tool for the teacher and the students.
Objectives Simulate the workload of typical user sessions.
Objectives speak to quality.
Objectives specify a result or outcome that moves the project toward the goal.
Objectives Strengthen the economic base of the downtown.
Objectives Supports students with sensory needs.
Objectives take a lot of time to formulate, which discourages some teachers.
Objectives Take and document an accurate patient medication history.
Objectives tell the tester what is to be accomplished during testing.
Objectives tell where farmers want to go.
Objectives thoroughly establish the benefits of the funding in measurable terms .
Objectives Transform the consciousness of war.
Objectives Understand current issues and research areas.
Objectives Understand each attitude and the interactions of each one.
Objectives Understand how netLibrary works.
Objectives Understand the activities of the software development process.
Objectives Understand the advantages and disadvantages of retained ownership.
Objectives Understand the basic principles of inorganic chemistry.
Objectives Understand the basic principles underlying the conservation and management of wildlife.
Objectives -Understand the concepts of local and remote disk space.
Objectives Understand the major stages of the software development life cycle.
Objectives Unite all ophthalmologists of the Arab and African regions.
Objectives Use a Web browser to access Internet resources.
Objectives Use case modeling guidelines bring uniformity to the project.
Objectives Use color and normal patterns, including custom maps.
Objectives Use complex problems with well-defined goals.
Objectives Use e-mail to participate in classroom discussions and activities.
Objectives Use existing space appropriately.
Objectives Use highly productive software tools to quickly generate accurate tables for Web pages.
Objectives Use tables to obtain dew-point temperature and relative humidity.
Objectives Use the definition of differentiability.
Objectives Use the Internet to locate information on Antarctica.
Objectives Use the Internet to locate information on anti-imperialism in the United States.
Objectives Use the Internet to take a virtual tour of Paris.
Objectives vary according to project.
Objectives vary according to the donor's wishes and capability of the land.
Objectives vary among students.
Objectives vary from level to level.
Objectives vary in how broad and how specific they can be.
Objectives Write technical documents in appropriate styles.
Objectives Writing communication software becomes very important with the growing network market.
Objectives written at the comprehension level require some degree of understanding.
Objectives often relate to the efficacy of a particular therapeutic or preventive intervention.
Objectives usually do little more than restate the obvious.
All objectives are achievable.
All objectives are apochromatic, and all oculars compensating.
All objectives are competency based.
All objectives are consistent with their corresponding goals and specify desired results.
All objectives are fair game for multiple choice or matching questions.
All objectives are of equal priority.
All objectives are solutions driven to assist our customers in the application of their vision.
All objectives are to be turned in as instructor assigns.
Every objective is up to the national standard examined by concerned state departments.
Many objectives are realistic.
Most objectives also offer a learner option which provides additional work and activities.
Most objectives are consistent with the goals and specify an end result.
Most objectives are unchanged, but some have been reworded.
Most objectives encounter glacier travel, and low fifth-class climbing on quartzite.
Most objectives relate to a specific goal as noted below.
Some objectives already have data available.
Some objectives are more difficult to measure than others are.
Some objectives are mutually exclusive so negotiation and compromise are required.
Some objectives are specific to focus on a particular concept.
Some objectives are vague, but there are resource dollars attached to each.
Some objectives are very general and some are specific.
Some objectives have multiple parts, or multiple sub-objectives.
Some objectives require a lifetime of learning.
Some objectives show more detailed or additional breakouts of population groups.
Objectivist ideas remain far outside the academic mainstream.
Objectivity also is a way to avoid responsibility for results of one's actions.
Objectivity demands a couple of caveats.
Objectivity demands it.
Objectivity depends upon specifics which can be pinned down and analyzed further.
Objectivity encompasses impartial unbiased interpretation or analysis.
Objectivity is a broad term.
Objectivity is a complete and utter illusion in history.
Objectivity is a database that allows data to be stored as objects.
Objectivity is a database that allows for storage of data stored as objects.
Objectivity is a farce.
Objectivity is a sham.
Objectivity is a state of mind, a quality that lends value to a member's performance.
Objectivity is a strain, so first some facts.
Objectivity is a thorny problem when it comes to interpreting ancient sources.
Objectivity is acquired by the production of evidence and reasoning.
Objectivity is all too quickly synonymous to detachment, rationalism or absolute truth.
Objectivity is an attainable idea for the media.
Objectivity is an elusive goal.
Objectivity is an essential element of independence.
Objectivity is an important factor to consider when selecting a contractor.
Objectivity is an invaluable characteristic for any person wishing to position their product.
Objectivity is another advantage of automated underwriting.
Objectivity is another matter.
Objectivity is ascribed to the subjective time.
Objectivity is available for installation at sites that require it.
Objectivity is bunk.
Objectivity is but a collective decision to abandoned creativity.
Objectivity is central to our approach.
Objectivity is critical if evaluations are to be successful.
Objectivity is critical when writing up a case report.
Objectivity is critical.
Objectivity is crucial.
Objectivity is dead.
Objectivity is desired but difficult.
Objectivity is difficult in the face of the brutal denial of human rights.
Objectivity is essential in review and appraisal of medical materials.
Objectivity is essential to the audit function.
Objectivity is essential to the fair assessment of each project design.
Objectivity is extremely important in clinical research.
Objectivity is farces.
Objectivity is fundamental to the integrity of the external audit.
Objectivity is gained only at a price, and in some cases what is lost is the point of the exercise.
Objectivity is garbage.
Objectivity is harder.
Objectivity is hoped to be key motor for future peace actions.
Objectivity is illogical.
Objectivity is important because it's what readers demand.
Objectivity is important here.
Objectivity is impossible.
Objectivity is in the eye of the beholder.
Objectivity is irrelevant.
Objectivity is judgment
Objectivity is judgment.
Objectivity is key.
Objectivity is lost when process stays within library entirely.
Objectivity is necessary.
Objectivity is needed to assure that costly mistakes are avoided.
Objectivity is one of our founding principles.
Objectivity is one of the hardest things to maintain.
Objectivity is only natural.
Objectivity is overemphasized in inquiry.
Objectivity is overrated.
Objectivity is paramount.
Objectivity is pretty easy to come by.
Objectivity is rejected in favour of subjective interpretation.
Objectivity is required to serve goal-directed behavior.
Objectivity is sought both in the subject under study and as a strategy for teaching students.
Objectivity is suspect.
Objectivity is the final important consideration.
Objectivity is the first casualty.
Objectivity is the goal.
Objectivity is the historians' highest professional virtue.
Objectivity is the ideal.
Objectivity is the name of the game.
Objectivity is the only measure if a good newspaper.
Objectivity is the pivotal criterion in triage.
Objectivity is the result of beliefs that are mistaken for reality.
Objectivity is the solution for the data deluge.
Objectivity is therefore a fine ideal.
Objectivity is thus no more than consensus subjectivity based upon a human viewpoint.
Objectivity is very important for television.
Objectivity is what is needed here.
Objectivity is, in turn, necessary for making 'objective facts ' our deities.
Objectivity lends authority to officials who have very little of their own.
Objectivity lies at the heart of science.
Objectivity means ignoring what it is like, and even that it is like anything, to be something.
Objectivity means more than reducing the human to the calculable.
Objectivity means trying to give all sides a hearing.
Objectivity refers to the ability of maintaining an impartial attitude to all matters under review.
Objectivity regarding the determination of bona fide agricultural practices is also necessary.
Objectivity requires a certain amount of distance.
Objectivity requires facts, cold facts, a diary of incidents and dates.
Objectivity requires intellectual honesty and impartiality.
Objectivity requires subjectivity, and vice versa.
Objectivity seems to be much more of a problem on the Web than in traditional print sources.
An objector is a person
Objectors are an integral, if controversial, part of the class action settlement process.
Objectors can call witnesses the same as a proponent can.
Objectors have to write in again referring to the new plan, or their previous letter is disregarded.
Objectors say that the same argument can be applied to the spread of other religions.
Oblate life is centered on a reverance for prayer.
Oblate life is formed in and around Benedictine community.
Oblate spheroids are a rotationally symmetric .
Oblate spheroids are a rotationally symmetric.
Oblate spheroids have rotational symmetry around an axis from pole to pole.
An oblate is a religious person
Oblates also have a love for holy reading, or lectio divina .
Oblates also strive to work with ethnic minorities and aboriginals.
Oblates also work in missions throughout the world, on all six continents.
Oblates are monasticism's gift to the world .
Oblates are part of the monastic family, but live outside the monastery.
Oblates are religionists.
Oblates can be pretty remarkable people.
Oblates contribute to their bimonthly newsletter.
Oblates have monthly meetings.
Oblates strive to incorporate Benedictine values and spirituality into their everyday lives.
Most oblates are ordinary lay people.
An oblateness is convexity
Oblateness is unitless.
Obligate aerobes are organisms that grow only in the presence of oxygen.
Obligate aerobes require oxygen to live.
Obligate aerobes require oxygen.
Obligate carnivores eat meat.
Most obligate carnivores eat meat.
Obligate parasites cause diseases.
Obligate parasites cause human diseases.
Most obligate parasites cause diseases.
Most obligate parasites cause human diseases.
Obligation can follow only from voluntary agreement.
Obligation consists in motives raised through the use of theoretical reason.
Obligation implies formal relationships and agreements, and refers to explicit promises and duties.
Obligation is a Birmingham, Alabama-based, nonprofit, child advocacy organization.
Obligation is a fantasy.
Obligation is a function of knowledge.
Obligation is a horrible sense of slavery that a person denies being able to get out of.
Obligation is a key step in financing.
Obligation is forced relationships.
Obligation is limited by ability.
Obligation is liquidated.
Obligation is one night a week for at least four months.
Obligation is personal relations.
Obligation is social control
Obligation is states.
Obligation is the essence of alterity .
Obligation isa event.
Obligation Let's get started.
Obligation refers to an allocation of available funds constituting the ceiling for disbursements.
Obligation throws loyalty into subservience.
Obligations are legal investments for public entities and fiduciaries.
Obligations are negotiable instruments.
Obligations are usually the result of debt collection efforts.
Obligations breed resentment.
Obligations constitute a negotiable instrument.
Obligations fall on the state.
Obligations find their center in the finality of man.
Obligations focus on greeting park visitors and collecting user statistics.
Obligations go with each.
Obligations issued under chapter are negotiable instruments.
Obligations simply lose their meaning across centuries.
Obligations start piling up.
Obligations There are no dues or other financial obligations.
Obligation sometimes substitutes for love when considering marriage.
All obligation is founded exclusively in the relations of our being to another.
All obligations quoted in it remain in force .
Any obligation imposed on the defendant by the court is considered a conviction.
Some obligation includes labor.
Some obligation is raw debt, used to leverage the purchase of machinery or more farmland.
Obligatory myiasis involves flies that are dependent on an animal host.
Obligatory questions are boldfaced .
Obliq computations can roam over the network, while maintaining network connections.
Obliq objects have state and are local to a site.
Oblique aspects centered on a city are also common.
Oblique films help to evaluate the foramina and the presence of pars defects.
Oblique fracture implies a fracture line that is oblique to the long axis of the bone.
Oblique imagery includes areas beyond the vertical coverage range.
Oblique lighting does that.
Oblique lines indicate the area affected by an infarct.
Oblique lines pass along base of subdorsal scoli, especially on fifth to seventh abdominal segments.
Oblique motion is acceptable, but introduces a static element into the exercise.
Oblique outlet permits better guiding of suction hose through cellar windows, etc.
Oblique photographs conceal the amount and direction of the damage.
Oblique propagation has direct implications to radio communications.
Oblique radiogram shows a mushroom-shaped bony protrusion directed towards the chest wall.
Oblique ramps intersect the main fault at an incline to the displacement direction.
Oblique sections are made at vari- ous angles.
Oblique shock is something in between.
Oblique views are also helpful.
Oblique views are of little value.
Oblique views can be very helpful to rule out true fractures.
Oblique views show it crossing both columns.
An obliqueness is a property
Obliqueness is uneliminable from discourse about deity.
Obliquity is dishonesty
Obliquity is the rule.
Obliteration is destruction
Obliteration is necessary, the infection is strong.
Obliteration starts the compilation off with a killer, brutal death metal sound.
Obliterative bronchiolitis is often difficult to treat and can have deadly consequences.
Oblivion awaits thee.
Oblivion comes when the soul is dried up with material cares.
Oblivion gobbles up the names.
Oblivion grows stronger with every passing day, and the afterlife grows less eternal by the minute.
Oblivion is a click away.
Oblivion is a seductive thing, calling to every wraith.
Oblivion is at times a means of survival and a condition for a fresh start.
Oblivion is next.
Oblivion is obscurity
Oblivion is obscurity.
Oblivion is upon the march against their immemorial time.
Some oblivions are brightly lit and dappled with spasmodic action.
Oblong bowl is great for corn, asparagus, or crab legs.
Oblong boxes are less so, and flat boxes that open on their narrow ends least of all.
Oblong pupae occur wherever larvae are found and have a forked breathing tube at one end.
Oblong seeds have coats.
Oblong seeds have fleshy coats.
Most oblong seeds have coats.
Most oblong seeds have fleshy coats.
Oblong seedpods contain the developing seeds, and when mature, the pods open and seeds pop out.
An oblong is a figure
Oblong glumes about equal.
Oblong is a timepiece built on watch heritage and a fascination with timeless appearance.
Every obnoxious act is a cry for help.
Obnoxious odors add to the unpleasantness.
Some obnoxious organizations are pack hunting dissident views with complete impunity.
An oboe is a reed
Oboe is one of woodwind instrument,mainly used in Orchestra.
Oboe weaves about, then strings enter with a new theme in minor.
An oboist is a musician
Oboists are the unhappiest of musicians, constantly complaining.
O'Brian half turn every alternate step.
OBS file is in the directory, it contains dates of phenological events and yield.
OBS members are happy to provide information about cycling in Oklahoma to anyone interested.
OBS members receive their first drink free at blues show.
Obscene behavior includes public display of obscene materials on computer screen or in hard copy.
Obscene behavior includes public display of obscene materials on computer screens or in hard copy.
Obscene calls are a misdemeanor under Montana law.
Obscene clones fall.
Obscene gestures are no match for well reasoned arguments.
Obscene gestures are unacceptable.
Obscene language is never appropriate.
Obscene language is used frequently.
Obscene material involving children is the priority for the police and customs.
Obscene material is already illegal in any medium, existing or in the future.
Obscene material is currently legal in electronic form.
Obscene material is material which deals with sex in a manner appealing to prurient interest.
Obscene material is never to be aired on the station.
Obscene material is usually of an explicit sexual nature.
Obscene materials degrade people into objects for mental or physical misuse.
Obscene parody is aimed at an entirely different market.
Obscene parody requires broad interpretation of three of the four fair use guidelines.
Obscene poetry is the work of the devil.
Obscenity law considers literary, artistic or scientific value.
Obscenity law depends on community standards .
Obscenity laws are also woman-hating in their construction.
Obscenity laws vary from state to state, and often, from community to community.
Obscenities are everywhere .
Obscenities fly now and then, but they are never gratuitous.
Obscenities offend many readers and often divert attention from the story.
Obscenity becomes a tool with which to bring public action to bear on a private grievance.
Obscenity can be a vital part of slam poetry readings.
Obscenity is a free speech issue, thus a First Amendment matter.
Obscenity is a legal determination, using community standards.
Obscenity is a legal term of art.
Obscenity is a legal term, which describes hardcore, illegal pornography.
Obscenity is a legal terms of art.
Obscenity is a wall that imprisons, keeps souls in their separate hells.
Obscenity is also an issue here.
Obscenity is always a act specific conclusion, to be made on a case by case basis.
Obscenity is anything that gives the judge an erection.
Obscenity is defined as 'all vulgar references to body parts or functions.
Obscenity is defined as that which tends to deprave or corrupt.
Obscenity is defined as the illegal form of pornography.
Obscenity is different than political speech.
Obscenity is erased from web pages and email.
Obscenity is illegal.
Obscenity is in the mind.
Obscenity is indecency
Obscenity is inherently subjective.
Obscenity is legal in the absence of state or local laws to the contrary.
Obscenity is much harder to define.
Obscenity is our abstracted notions of the taboos surrounding the body.
Obscenity is phrases.
Obscenity is profanity.
Obscenity is protected by the First Amendment.
Obscenity is very subjective.
Obscenity is what happens to shock some elderly and ignorant magistrate.
Obscenity is whatever happens to shock some elderly and ignorant magistrate.
Obscenity leads to many ills.
Obscenitys are welcome.
Obscurant effects are dependent on both local atmospheric and surface conditions.
An obscurantism is policy
Obscurantism has little resonance among the educated, modern middle class of Malaysia.
Obscurantism is assumed to equal profundity.
Obscurantism is no answer to radicalism.
Obscurantisms are deception.
Obscurantisms are policy.
Obscure abbreviations cause the reader to waste time trying to figure out the meaning.
Obscure acronyms are great.
Obscure brilliance can spin a web from one detached person who chances upon it to the next.
Obscure bugs can cause obscure problems.
Some obscure country celebrates their national day today.
Obscure diseases strike at random, leaving someone who was was once so beautiful sick and haunted.
Obscure glass allows light in while still providing a degree of privacy.
Obscure location means one can often get a table when other places are full.
More obscure options are never more than a click away.
Obscure passages are to be interpreted in the light clear passages.
Obscure prose is a good reason to reject a paper.
Obscure scale can cause severe damage to pecans.
Obscure topics are easier to pursue, and searching is less laborious.
Obscure weevil is mainly gray with a wavy brown line across the back near the rear.
Obscurity can only slow down the attacker.
Obscurity envelopes the founding of the church in Rome.
Obscurity is a relative thing.
Obscurity is a thing of the past.
Obscurity is coordinated with prior knowledge.
Obscurity is over, however.
Obscurity is probably the biggest obstacle to overcome.
Obscurity is quality
Obscurity is standing.
Obscurity is the secret to success here.
Obscurity looks pretty good right now.
Obscurity makes the schisms no less real.
Obscurity still exists even in the government guideline.
Obscurity often brings safety.
Some obscurity is situational, but a lot of it is justified.
Much observable change is due to the influence of gravity.
Observable data is preferred over opinion data and process data is preferred over results data.
Observable data see and record.
Observable effects have to be gauge invariant.
Observable hadrons are composite objects made from quarks and antiquarks and gluons .
Observable properties are properties whose changes can be observed.
Observable reality assumes a metaphoric quality when distilled through memory and imagination.
An observance is a look
Observances are in both public and private settings.
Observances now occur in every state.
Observances now reach women in nearly every country where there are Baptist groups.
All observances begin at sundown on previous day.
Many observant families are thrilled.
Any observant moviegoer knows that such anomolous speech is the rule rather than the exception.
Observant people have a way of wanting a piece of the action.
Some observant pharmacists notice changes in customers taking lithium.
Observant readers are quick to point out the spelling differences between the fort and the town.
Any observant woodsman knows how readily livestock, especially hogs, fatten on forest mast.
Observation decks are open at both the Hancock building and the Prudential tower for a small fee.
Observation gallery offers a magnificent view of Washington and surrounding area.
Observation planes carry two men, a pilot and an observer.
Observation platform allows visitors to see granite cut, carved and polished.
Observation Points require determination of the same three parameters in an abbreviated format .
An observation tower is a structure
Observation towers overlook east side of Kent Island.
An observation is a measurement
Observation again needs to be picked up as hatching starts to occur.
Observation agrees with theory that the universe was very hot and very uniform.
Observation aims to determine if action thresholds have been reached and when and how to intervene.
Observation also helps teachers build relationships with children and their families.
Observation also includes concentration.
Observation also includes data interpretation.
Observation can be a fruitful method of deriving hypotheses about human motives.
Observation can be a powerful learning experience or a waste of time.
Observation can be an excellent method for evaluating skills such as leadership roles.
Observation can be indirect, as evidenced by the use of tools and equipment.
Observation can be objective.
Observation can be through real time observation in the classroom or by videotape.
Observation can help determine patterns, themes, or trends in teaching and learning.
Observation can indicate their outcome.
Observation can provide a large part of the answer.
Observation can provide simple data such as the level of use of reader spaces.
Observation changes reality.
Observation come first, explanation is secondary.
Observation comes to mean both notice and participation.
Observation confirms such insights.
Observation consists of direct surveys of animals and indirect surveys for difficult species.
Observation continues for a short period, and the hospital stay is usually only overnight.
Observation costs hospitals millions of dollars in revenue.
Observation creates an idea.
Observation creates reality.
Observation cuts as well as opening up the cornice.
Observation disturbs the observed.
Observation draws the qubit out of the quantum world.
Observation entails clinical assessment and both non-invasive and invasive monitoring.
Observation generally is accepted as the appropriate treatment for optic pathway gliomas.
Observation generally necessitates the functional use of the sense of vision and somatic sensation.
Observation gives a potential assay for the genetic material.
Observation helps staff and providers learn about children so they can individualize their program.
Observation hides where osprey can be viewed.
Observation includes getting feedback from the employee.
Observation includes weekly performances and classroom videotape sessions.
Observation includes weekly performances and classrooms videotape sessions.
Observation indicates that exercise contributes to general well-being of cystic fibrosis patients.
Observation involves close attention to both regularities and exceptional data.
Observation involves looking closely and carefully.
Observation involves the systematic collection of observable data and analysis of that information.
Observation is a good tool when students are working in groups.
Observation is a key element in hydroponic growing.
Observation is a key part of market research and can be practiced when shopping the competition.
Observation is a kind of action.
Observation is a life long responsibility.
Observation is a major problem.
Observation is a powerful tool for learning.
Observation is a primary tool of awareness.
Observation is a silent activity.
Observation is a skill.
Observation is a special outing to watch people in various settings to note their behaviors.
Observation is a theme that ties together several seemingly disparate elements of the installation.
Observation is a very important aspect of learning to paint in the classical style.
Observation is a vital skill for nature study.
Observation is a word for carefully watching things and what they do.
Observation is about untangling our experiences.
Observation is acceptable if the lesions are neither symptomatic nor disfiguring.
Observation is adequate for most hemangiomas.
Observation is all that is needed.
Observation is always within a certain context.
Observation is an acquired skill.
Observation is an act, which is the anathema of the myth.
Observation is an art.
Observation is an essential step in measurement.
Observation is an experimental method.
Observation is an integral part of providing quality programs and service to children.
Observation is an integral, on-going aspect of the student teaching experience.
Observation is an observation that uses the five senses.
Observation is an ongoing process.
Observation is another talent to develop.
Observation is appropriate for less acute cases.
Observation is appropriate for small curves and balanced patterns of malformations.
Observation is as far as it has gone so far.
Observation is bubbles of colorless gas.
Observation is bubbles of green gas.
Observation is certainly one tool for the discovery of truth, but there are others, like deduction.
Observation is creation, creation is reality.
Observation is critical to all phases of the scientific method.
Observation is enhanced by functional use of the sense of smell.
Observation is enhanced by the functional use of the sense of smell.
Observation is from dawn till dusk.
Observation is generally all that is necessary as most spontaneously thrombose.
Observation is hard because it is in the Milky Way.
Observation is helped by recording evidence , giving confirmation of each small step of achievement.
Observation is important.
Observation is in turn wanted to direct and substantiate the course of experiment.
Observation is influenced by experience, knowledge and emotion.
Observation is just as crucial as getting the quote right or gathering the important facts.
Observation is key to recognizing patterns of abuse.
Observation is key.
Observation is made under a magnifying glass.
Observation is made.
Observation is meant to result in thick description, which is multi-sensory.
Observation is more difficult.
Observation is more than just looking into the sky.
Observation is more than ordinary looking.
Observation is one of the best ways to learn.
Observation is one thing, but a physical act, such as moving the towel, is a violation.
Observation is our key for unlocking children s own guide to developing curriculum.
Observation is plotted in black and forecasts are plotted in colors.
Observation is recommended in many older patients with a seizure or minimal symptoms.
Observation is reflection during action.
Observation is remarkably different from argument.
Observation is required for each semester enrolled.
Observation is required in appropriate school settings.
Observation is required in case there are any difficulties.
Observation is required to evaluate behaviors.
Observation is required.
Observation is something parents do naturally.
Observation is structured, planned and systematic.
Observation is the best treatment for out-toeing and intoeing.
Observation is the best way to determine where to plant to maximize shade.
Observation is the best.
Observation is the final arbiter of truth in all of science.
Observation is the first step.
Observation is the first, and in many ways the most important, step in a scientific inquiry.
Observation is the foundation upon which science is built.
Observation is the imagination's servant.
Observation is the key to drawing.
Observation is the key to early detection of illness.
Observation is the key.
Observation is the link between the real world and scientific ideas.
Observation is the most widely available examination for the detection of cancer.
Observation is the next.
Observation is the secret of raising mealworms.
Observation is the whole idea of our project.
Observation is used for manufacturing jobs and jobs that involve manual labor.
Observation is used to gather data.
Observation is usually the first step.
Observation is very critical in conflict resolution.
Observation is vital.
Observation is warranted.
Observation is what anthropologists are trained to do.
Observation is, in fact, a habit to which a boy has to be trained.
Observation isa fact.
Observation leads to the development of a theory.
Observation leads to understanding.
Observation Learn about the birds and the bees, relate to natures anatomy expand the horizons.
Observation lies behind all research.
Observation Look for deviations from accepted work practices.
Observation makes better drawing and drawing motivates better observation . . . .
Observation means watching for any changes.
Observation necessitates the functional use of the sense of vision and other sensory modalities.
Observation necessitates the functional use of the sense of vision and somatic sensation.
Observation necessitates the functional use of the sense of vision and tactile sensation.
Observation necessitates the functional use of the senses of vision and somatic sensation.
Observation necessitates the functional use of vision and somatic sensation.
Observation necessitates the functional use of vision, hearing and somatic senses.
Observation necessitates the functional use of vision, hearing, tactile and somatic senses.
Observation needs a predetermined guide for recording behavior.
Observation Observe the pillbug.
Observation only presents simultaneity.
Observation only reveals that Being is change.
Observation precedes wisdom.
Observation probably is the greatest characteristic that a poker player can have.
Observation provides information through direct observation of behaviors.
Observation remaining, the body creates action externally.
Observation replaces all action.
Observation replaces judgments.
Observation requires the functional use of the sense of vision and somatic sensations.
Observation requires the functional use of vision and somatic sensations.
Observation results Several radio sources have now been identified using the telescope.
Observation reveals details that enlighten any situation.
Observation scales to identify serious illness in febrile children.
Observation seems the affect probabilities in a direct way.
Observation shows that earth worms leave rototilled soil.
Observation shows that feeding normally occurs every three to four hours.
Observation shows that the apparent form of the rings is very nearly circular.
Observation shows that the universe is expanding.
Observation shows that there maybe up to a five minute delay between logons on a single station.
Observation starts off the scientific process.
Observation suffers from a lack of good methods for organizing the observed behaviors.
Observation suggests mutation rates are actually alarmingly high.
Observation suggests probes for interviews.
Observation suggests that cats have more difficulty in chewing and swallowing cute shapes.
Observation varies according to the season.
Observation working with reason can detect a number of kinds of soul in primary beings.
Observations allow predictions.
Observations also indicate differences in floral visitors between northern and southern populations.
Observations are a link between theory and practice.
Observations are accurate and include details.
Observations are an academic requirement.
Observations are an important part of patient assessment.
Observations are anonymous, non-disciplinary and voluntary.
Observations are assumed to be dithered and sky subtraction noise is included.
Observations are conditions or properties that can be described.
Observations are consistent with background expectation.
Observations are consistent with background expectations.
Observations are critical for analyzing the state of the environment when the anomaly occurred.
Observations are currently underway.
Observations are facts.
Observations are far ahead of theories and much remains to be understood.
Observations are for cloud-free, daytime conditions.
Observations are generally in support of transport at the larger scale, as in the present models.
Observations are independent .
Observations are independent of each other.
Observations are independent of one another.
Observations are independent.
Observations are interpreted as beliefs.
Observations are just observations.
Observations are key inputs for operational oceanography as they are for meteorology.
Observations are least-squares fit over the period of one solar rotation.
Observations are likely to be interspersed with commissioning tasks.
Observations are limited to one class of each grade level.
Observations are looks.
Observations are made by medical researchers.
Observations are made by researchers.
Observations are measurements.
Observations are now complete and the station is closed.
Observations are one thing, good photography of herringbone seas has turned out to be another.
Observations are only meaningful in science as tests of a hypothesis.
Observations are possible only by transmitted light.
Observations are probabilistically independent of each other .
Observations are recorded and reported for a reason.
Observations are remarks.
Observations are reported regularly on the south coast.
Observations are sets of variable values for a single entity.
Observations are sometimes all that is needed to support or refute an hypothesis.
Observations are the lifeblood of all forecasting.
Observations are the raw evidence.
Observations are the raw or processed data generated as an exposure on the telescope.
Observations are therefore about relatively subtle elements.
Observations are to be recorded in the lab notebook at the time the observation is made.
Observations are to be something more than a snapshot.
Observations are to filled out, signed, and dated at the time of observation.
Observations are to substantiate the prevailing view.
Observations are underway by many groups.
Observations are used to help make explanations.
Observations are useless until they have been interpreted.
Observations are valuable when drawing conclusions, and useful for locating experimental errors .
Observations are valuable when drawing conclusions, and useful for locating experimental errors.
Observations are what seems to be.
Observations Assessing child well-being is a difficult task.
Observations attempt to explain WHY things occurred rather than describe WHAT occurred.
Observations base on experience.
Observations base on personal experience.
Observations based on longer time intervals are more useful.
Observations begin following the stirring of each sample.
Observations can be formal and planned or informal and unannounced.
Observations can be formal or informal.
Observations can be in any order.
Observations can be unreliable.
Observations can impact on more than one program.
Observations can last several nights.
Observations can lead to the start of an investigation, experiment or survey.
Observations can reveal the patterns in nature.
Observations come from satellites, radar, rain gauges, aircraft, ships, buoys and climate stations.
Observations confirm existence.
Observations confirm predictions.
Observations confirm that grassland fruits are consumed by resident bonobos.
Observations confirm that the hawksbills are cleaned by many of the same fish species as the honu.
Observations contain truth.
Observations containing large number of high frequencies or noise are practically unpredictable.
Observations continue for six months.
Observations continue to show that most quasars are surrounded by a relatively faint nebulous patch.
Observations contribute to knowledge.
Observations contribute to theories.
Observations corresponding to the same vehicle make up a track .
Observations cover almost two years and are of excellent quality.
Observations demonstrate evidence.
Observations depict an increasingly robust biosphere.
Observations detect longer growing seasons.
Observations establish truth.
Observations explain aspects.
Observations explain characteristics.
Observations explain development.
Observations explain differences.
Observations explain distribution.
Observations extend from the physical environment to lower and upper trophic levels.
Observations facilitate identification.
Observations feed prediction models.
Observations have to be continuously updated as well as models and assumptions.
Observations have to be documented in order to be communicated and verified by others.
Observations have to be provided in a special format.
Observations have to be public.
Observations help rescue workers.
Observations help researchers.
Observations help theories.
Observations help workers.
Observations Here are some basic observations of the night sky as a starting point.
Observations Here are the results of the experiment.
Observations here support earlier instructional thoughts.
Observations hint at primeval galaxy.
Observations however are facts.
Observations illustrate characteristics.
Observations imply existence.
Observations increase and intensify, often using summer school settings.
Observations increase as meteors become concentrated in showers that can reach over ten per minute.
Observations increase cost.
Observations indicate awareness.
Observations indicate patterns.
Observations indicate presence.
Observations indicate problems.
Observations indicate ranges.
Observations indicate strategies.
Observations indicate that denser plantings are to be more recommended.
Observations indicate that soybean variety makes a difference in disease severity.
Observations indicate that the incidence of stalk rot is increased by nematode damage.
Observations indicate the possible presence of vortex structures at the surface of accretion disks.
Observations involve attention.
Observations is just the same as the number of rows.
Observations lead to awareness.
Observations lead to conclusions.
Observations lead to detection.
Observations lead to development.
Observations lead to estimations.
Observations lead to examinations.
Observations lead to further inquiries.
Observations lead to inquiries.
Observations lead to new ideas and theories, to new technologies, and to new observations.
Observations lead to production.
Observations lead to questions from which scientific discoveries are made.
Observations lead to questions regarding the event.
Observations lead to results.
Observations lead to suggestions.
Observations lead to theories.
Observations lie at the heart of variable star astronomy.
Observations made are that the plant changes direction and grows towards the light .
Observations made during work are to be held as confidential as well.
Observations made in southern Illinois indicate that the fungus also attacks soybean seedlings.
Observations made of the sun itself during that period show no evidence of unusual activity.
Observations match for location if the specified position is estimated to be on the plate.
Observations match for time if they are within the specified delta of the input time.
Observations necessitate the functional use of the sense of vision and somatic sensation.
Observations Note that pipeline scheduling increases the number of registers used.
Observations Observe employees on the job.
Observations offer a very powerful tool for teaching proxemics.
Observations offer information.
Observations offer reliable information.
Observations offer useful information.
Observations omi the rotary instability of the lateral compartment of the knee.
Observations point to theories.
Observations Pointing out how absurd everyday life is.
Observations pour l'intelligence des principes et fondements de la philosophie herm tique.
Observations provide answers.
Observations provide boundary conditions for the model and verification of model results.
Observations provide clues.
Observations provide contexts.
Observations provide detection.
Observations provide evidence.
Observations provide information.
Observations provide insight.
Observations provide molecular evidence.
Observations provide new insight.
Observations provide new perspective.
Observations provide perspective.
Observations provide the selection pressure.
Observations provide theories.
Observations Put observations on blank sheets.
Observations reduce uncertainty.
Observations reflect differences.
Observations reflect the obvious characteristics of samples provided.
Observations require measurements.
Observations require precise measurements.
Observations result from personal perception.
Observations reveal a very large frequency of warped galaxies.
Observations reveal aspects.
Observations reveal details.
Observations reveal deviation.
Observations reveal differences.
Observations reveal different definitions of illness, prevention, curing and health.
Observations reveal existence.
Observations reveal flaws.
Observations reveal greater density of labelling in 'thick' cell walls of heat-shocked radicles.
Observations reveal patterns.
Observations reveal that there has been less student participation than is desirable in tutorials.
Observations reveal that vast halos of invisible matter surround galaxies and galaxy clusters.
Observations reveal wonderful paradoxes.
Observations reveal, however, that significant numbers of muons do reach the Earth.
Observations seem to indicate that the core field grows as a function of downtail distance.
Observations serve purposes.
Observations serve to evaluate numerical model accuracy.
Observations show a distinct relationship between visual range and altitude.
Observations show appearances.
Observations show aspects.
Observations show behavior.
Observations show climate behavior is much more intense than the calculated variations.
Observations show development.
Observations show differences.
Observations show evidence of careful study but are relegated to one sense.
Observations show evidence of careful study using multiple senses when appropriate.
Observations show just the opposite.
Observations show motion.
Observations show occurrences.
Observations show potential.
Observations show rather encouraging responses from students.
Observations show salamanders use their tongue-flick very discriminatingly.
Observations show that accretion disks in many X-ray binaries are flared.
Observations show that all heavenly bodies are receding from one another at a great rate of speed.
Observations show that an omega is usually a fallen alpha or beta animal.
Observations show that as conditions become drier, caimans stop feeding.
Observations show that electron and proton precipitations roughly overlap.
Observations show that new stars appear to be forming in regions of dense interstellar clouds.
Observations show that the anomalies are approximately in phase.
Observations show that the large scale structure of the universe is sheet-like.
Observations show that the planets follow a smooth curve around the sun.
Observations show that there have been changes in weather.
Observations show that warming of the climate is unequivocal.
Observations Stand counts varied because of poor soil seed contact in the just mowed plots.
Observations strongly hint that the matter density is subcritical.
Observations suggest activities.
Observations suggest blood flow parameters.
Observations suggest effects.
Observations suggest events.
Observations suggest existence.
Observations suggest expression.
Observations suggest follow hypotheses.
Observations suggest follow work hypotheses.
Observations suggest horizontal transfer of genes but are also compatible with a common ancestor.
Observations suggest hypotheses.
Observations suggest involvement.
Observations suggest membrane potential.
Observations suggest parameters.
Observations suggest patterns.
Observations suggest phenomena.
Observations suggest potential.
Observations suggest regeneration.
Observations suggest removals.
Observations suggest sexual activities.
Observations suggest that approximately five percent of all thunderstorms produce a microburst.
Observations suggest that freeze injury wounds are highly conducive to infection.
Observations suggest that landspouts formed as two separate surface boundaries interacted.
Observations suggest that right now, the densities of matter and funny energy are roughly equal.
Observations suggest that the female alone constructs the nest.
Observations suggest that the surprises are only beginning.
Observations suggest that warthogs are polygamous or even promiscuous.
Observations suggest work hypotheses.
Observations support conclusions.
Observations support hypotheses.
Observations support notions.
Observations support suggestions.
Observations support the theory.
Observations support theories.
Observations sur deux jeunes gorilles vivants a Paris.
Observations sur la pourriture des neiges affectant les graminees.
Observations sur la socio-ecologie du mandrills.
Observations sur un accouchement termine dans le bain.
Observations Take a walk around the neighborhood and note the landscaped areas.
Observations take several hours a night to cover an entire eclipse.
Observations tend to suggest theories which in turn lead to more focused observation.
Observations therefore demand high spatial resolution.
Observations typically alternate between program source scans and calibrator scans.
Observations typically run throughout each semester.
Observations unambiguously show the Antarctic Peninsula to be warming.
Observations Write what happened step by step.
Observations yield results.
Observations often depend on theory.
Observations usually consist of multiple exposures of the same target, which are later combined.
Observations Usually fertile, unless poorly developed.
All observations are along the X axis at a negligible angle.
All observations are internals.
All observations are laden with hidden assumptions theories.
All observations are theory-impregnated.
All observations are therefore partly the function of the observer .
All observations are to be recorded on the worksheet.
All observations are useful.
All observations are welcome.
All observations having the same level of the group effect have the same covariance parameters.
All observations use same grating.
Any observation has to fulfill three criteria in order to be accepted scientifically.
Every observation is considered to be part of a group.
Every observation is important.
Every observation is represented by two files, a data file, and a header file.
Many observations fall off the smooth line.
Many observations have a quaint adolescent flavor.
Many observations involve the senses of sight, hearing, touch, and smell.
More observations are necessary to arrive at a better understanding of the geometry.
More observations still remain on the science tape recorder.
Most observations allow predictions.
Most observations are based on our own material, but some are drawn from published work.
Most observations are from industrialized countries.
Most observations are interpreted as beliefs.
Most observations are made by medical researchers.
Most observations are made by researchers.
Most observations are much smaller than that.
Most observations are of solitary animals.
Most observations are routine.
Most observations confirm existence.
Most observations confirm predictions.
Most observations contain truth.
Most observations contribute to knowledge.
Most observations contribute to theories.
Most observations demonstrate evidence.
Most observations establish truth.
Most observations explain aspects.
Most observations explain characteristics.
Most observations explain development.
Most observations explain differences.
Most observations explain distribution.
Most observations facilitate identification.
Most observations help rescue workers.
Most observations help researchers.
Most observations help theories.
Most observations help workers.
Most observations illustrate characteristics.
Most observations imply existence.
Most observations increase cost.
Most observations indicate awareness.
Most observations indicate patterns.
Most observations indicate presence.
Most observations indicate problems.
Most observations indicate ranges.
Most observations indicate strategies.
Most observations involve attention.
Most observations lead to awareness.
Most observations lead to conclusions.
Most observations lead to detection.
Most observations lead to development.
Most observations lead to estimations.
Most observations lead to examinations.
Most observations lead to further inquiries.
Most observations lead to inquiries.
Most observations lead to production.
Most observations lead to results.
Most observations lead to suggestions.
Most observations lead to theories.
Most observations offer information.
Most observations offer reliable information.
Most observations offer useful information.
Most observations point to theories.
Most observations provide answers.
Most observations provide contexts.
Most observations provide detection.
Most observations provide evidence.
Most observations provide information.
Most observations provide insight.
Most observations provide molecular evidence.
Most observations provide new insight.
Most observations provide new perspective.
Most observations provide perspective.
Most observations provide theories.
Most observations reduce uncertainty.
Most observations reflect differences.
Most observations require measurements.
Most observations require precise measurements.
Most observations reveal details.
Most observations reveal differences.
Most observations reveal flaws.
Most observations serve purposes.
Most observations show appearances.
Most observations show aspects.
Most observations show behavior.
Most observations show development.
Most observations show differences.
Most observations show motion.
Most observations show occurrences.
Most observations show potential.
Most observations suggest activities.
Most observations suggest blood flow parameters.
Most observations suggest effects.
Most observations suggest events.
Most observations suggest existence.
Most observations suggest expression.
Most observations suggest follow hypotheses.
Most observations suggest follow work hypotheses.
Most observations suggest hypotheses.
Most observations suggest involvement.
Most observations suggest membrane potential.
Most observations suggest parameters.
Most observations suggest patterns.
Most observations suggest phenomena.
Most observations suggest potential.
Most observations suggest regeneration.
Most observations suggest removals.
Most observations suggest sexual activities.
Most observations suggest work hypotheses.
Most observations yield results.
Some observation suggests that inundation by storm surges can kill growing plants.
Some observations also show that the novae enhanced with sulfur deplete oxygen in their ejecta.
Some observations are in order.
Some observations are made by astronomers.
Some observations are made by chinese astronomers.
Some observations are made by scientists.
Some observations are made by writers.
Some observations are relevant, however.
Some observations are undoubtedly profitable trading advice, and some are probably folklore.
Some observations are useful in understanding warm-water fisheries.
Some observations can lead to pretty intuitive answers about how vibration is necessary for sound.
Some observations challenge theories.
Some observations contribute to discoveries.
Some observations contribute to strategies.
Some observations demonstrate presence.
Some observations describe something using only words.
Some observations express truth.
Some observations follow.
Some observations have causes.
Some observations have uncertainty.
Some observations illustrate differences.
Some observations indicate capacity.
Some observations indicate constraints.
Some observations indicate danger.
Some observations indicate deficiencies.
Some observations indicate development.
Some observations indicate effects.
Some observations indicate elevation.
Some observations indicate emissions.
Some observations indicate energy.
Some observations indicate enough genetic variability.
Some observations indicate factors.
Some observations indicate fire danger.
Some observations indicate genetic variability.
Some observations indicate invasive capacity.
Some observations indicate limitations.
Some observations indicate migration.
Some observations indicate minerals.
Some observations indicate reaction.
Some observations indicate variability.
Some observations involve as many as eight stations, a challenge for a six-station correlator.
Some observations lead authors.
Some observations lead biologists.
Some observations lead german scientists.
Some observations lead many biologists.
Some observations lead scientists.
Some observations lead to attempts.
Some observations lead to breakthroughs.
Some observations lead to definition.
Some observations lead to interest.
Some observations lead to investigations.
Some observations made during the course of the trials are particularly noteworthy.
Some observations make explanations.
Some observations occur in habitats.
Some observations predict disorder.
Some observations provide activities.
Some observations provide details.
Some observations provide measurements.
Some observations raise concern.
Some observations related to the chart appear at the bottom of the page.
Some observations require further investigations.
Some observations require investigations.
Some observations reveal clouds.
Some observations reveal wind.
Some observations seem highly questionable.
Some observations show alteration.
Some observations show beliefs.
Some observations show characters.
Some observations show death.
Some observations show distribution.
Some observations show emissions.
Some observations show expansion.
Some observations show faint sources.
Some observations show feign death.
Some observations show growth.
Some observations show hypotheses.
Some observations show jets coming from the core, and others show gamma rays.
Some observations show metabolism.
Some observations show metamorphosis.
Some observations show predictions.
Some observations show pressure.
Some observations show radiation.
Some observations show rules.
Some observations show sources.
Some observations show strong emissions.
Some observations show surprise.
Some observations show that such experiences are to the students like an epiphany.
Some observations show upside.
Some observations solve problems.
Some observations suggest activations.
Some observations suggest additional mechanisms.
Some observations suggest biosynthesis.
Some observations suggest degradations.
Some observations suggest energy.
Some observations suggest evolutionary responses.
Some observations suggest fire.
Some observations suggest important roles.
Some observations suggest indirect interaction.
Some observations suggest initiations.
Some observations suggest interaction.
Some observations suggest interest possibility.
Some observations suggest measurements.
Some observations suggest mechanisms.
Some observations suggest motility.
Some observations suggest possibility.
Some observations suggest pressure.
Some observations suggest products.
Some observations suggest protective mechanisms.
Some observations suggest rainfall.
Some observations suggest responses.
Some observations suggest roles.
Some observations suggest secretion.
Some observations suggest strategies.
Some observations suggest survival.
Some observations suggest that symptoms disappear occasionally, and plants resume normal growth.
Some observations use apparatus.
Some observations use equipment.
Some observations use for determination.
Some observations use for orbit determination.
Some observations use light.
Some observations use measure apparatus.
Some observations yield insight.
Some observations yield new insight.
Observational astronomy is a course for students with a very strong interest in astronomy.
Observational astrophysics interprets the electromagnetic radiation emitted by celestial objects.
Observational astrophysics is like astronomy .
Observational astrophysics is like astronomy.
Observational data are non-experimental data.
Observational data is calibrated according to the latest determined system parameters.
Observational data is taken by manipulating a system and recording the results.
Observational data suggest a potential lipid-lowering effect with hormone replacement therapy.
More observational data is needed.
Observational detail is the point.
Observational drawing is based on external data.
Observational evidence supports the copernican system.
Observational experience shows that wet periods, once initiated, continue for months.
Observational facilities promote a conducive research atmosphere.
Observational gaps exist in space, in time, in frequency, and in dynamic range.
Some observational material is presented here for the first time.
Observational papers can include data from ground-based, space, and atmospheric facilities.
All observational protocols require a two working day review period.
Observational research can also generate authentic product modification ideas.
Observational research is another.
Observational research is sometimes the only way to get information about the youngest consumers.
Observational researchers use videotape or still cameras and audio tape to record the interviews.
Observational science deals with the present and is observable, repeatable, and testable.
Observational skills are essential in all therapeutic relationships.
Observational statements make factual claims about the real world.
Observational studies are necessary to monitor drug safety.
Observational studies are very limited in their ability to illuminate causal relationships.
Observational studies conclude that interventions work.
Observational studies show a mixed bag of results.
Observational studies suggest questions.
All observational studies have limited ability to establish causality.
Observational surveys are more expensive than telephone surveys.
Observational techniques can either wholly or partially constitute the entire investigation.
Observational techniques take nature the way it comes.
Observational writing is a skill based on the gathering of information from one's senses.
All observatory activities are weather permitting.
Observatory building are several hundred feet apart.
Observatory Park is located within The Rocks.
An observatory is a structure
Observatories also have to be away from places that have lots of light, like cities.
Observatories are available for approximately the last three and two solar cycles, respectively.
Observatories are buildings.
Observatories are data collecting facilities.
Observatories are facilities.
Observatories are on mountaintops to get the astronomers closer to the planets and stars.
Observatories are temples to science.
Observatories are the main centers for preparing astronomical data and performing researches.
Observatories are used by astronomers to look at the sky.
Observatories are vital to our economy and community.
Observatories has an extensive list of links to Canadian observatories and planetaria.
Observatories have (part) bases.
Observatories have (part) boilers.
Observatories have (part) ceilings.
Observatories have (part) courtyards.
Observatories have (part) doorknobs.
Observatories have (part) doorsteps.
Observatories have (part) elevator cars.
Observatories have (part) elevators.
Observatories have (part) floors.
Observatories have (part) foundation stones.
Observatories have (part) foyers.
Observatories have (part) hinges.
Observatories have (part) interior doors.
Observatories have (part) readsides.
Observatories have (part) roof peaks.
Observatories have (part) roofs.
Observatories have (part) room light.
Observatories have (part) sections.
Observatories have (part) staircases.
Observatories have (part) stairs.
Observatories have (part) storeys.
Observatories have (part) walls.
Observatories have (part) window frames.
Observatories have (part) windowpanes.
Observatories have (part) windows.
Observatories have origins.
Observatories never sit out in the open like that.
Observatories require a broad range of skills to function.
Observatories specializing in solar astronomy usually have coronographs and spectroheliographs.
Observatories take many forms.
Observatory are popular with tourists.
Observatory attempts to open telescope as early as possible in general, unless otherwise instructed.
Observatory details the entangled lives of four people across two centuries.
Observatory has a radio telemetry link to Silver City.
Observatory has four buildings.
Observatory is a nice neighbourhood popular with students.
Observatory is behind trees.
Observatory is computerized by selfmade telescope control system and a ccd-imaging computer.
Observatory is located on edge of town.
Observatory is on right side of road.
Observatory isa building.
Observatory offers public viewing.
Every observatory has a dome that rotates.
Every observatory has to have a name.
Many observatories are open to the public on special nights for star-gazing.
Many observatories have an accurate source of one second time pulses.
Most observatories are built on mountaintops where the air is thinner and cleaner.
Most observatories are open to the outside air.
Most observatories have origins.
Most observatories offer basic overnight accommodation at a reasonable cost.
Some observatories are small, operated by astronomy clubs, and housing modest telescopes.
Some observatories even store their collected data for public use.
Some observatories have accurate information available on atmospheric pressure.
Some observatories prefer the scale which differs from by the factor.
Some observatories use mirrors originally intended for other work - such as solar power studies.
Observe role play example of ways to handle a difficult employee.
Observed abnormality depends on stage of disease.
Observed behavior can result from habituated responses.
Observed behavior is likely to have developed because it is adaptive.
Observed behavior is the result of integration of many reflexes.
Many observed behaviours remain unstudied.
Observed changes differ from location to location, depending on soils, climate, topography, etc.
Most observed changes are due to irritation or natural maturation of the nevus.
Most observed comets have highly elliptical orbits, sometimes approaching parabolic.
Every observed coordinate is presented under a unique homogeneous form.
Observed data is a bit of a misnomer.
Any observed difference is simply the result of sampling error.
Observed distance is almost always less than the theoretical engine distance.
Observed fact is all that counts.
All observed mutations cause a loss of DNA information.
Observed precipitation shows a decrease in summer and an increase in winter and spring.
Observed ratios correspond well with theoretical predictions.
Observed recordings are above the synthetics seismograms.
Observed results are also quite attractive.
Observed results are usually a dark green or muddy brown in stead of black.
Observed savings result in project paybacks of less than a year.
Observed stars have an enormous range of apparent brightness.
Observed symptoms range from poor performance to no communication at all.
Observed temperatures represent the combined effects of human-induced and natural processes.
Observed textures illustrate complexities of the phases present.
Observed traits are the result of both genetic and environmental effects.
Observed trials is the cheapest and safest form of motorcycle competition.
Observed tube worms with lots of bacteria.
Observed variables are on a continuous scale.
Any observed violations are to be reported at once.
Many observed waves are combinations of reflections and refractions.
An observer is a person
Observer enables easy access to real-time business information throughout an organization.
Observer isa individual.
Observer isa person.
Observer isa somebody.
Observer isa someone.
Observer leaves for the four.
Observer provides metrics, capture and trending for both shared and switched network environments.
Observers acknowledge that there has been overall progress toward racial tolerance.
Observers agree an early dismissal of the lawsuits is unlikely.
Observers agree that adequate supplies are essential to fostering vigorous competition.
Observers agree that the key figure in such reform is the college or university president.
Observers agree that the quality of rural schools varies enormously, often from year to year.
Observers agree, however, that in the last year too little has changed overall.
Observers already fear the consequences of devaluation in Brazil or China.
Observers also claim that some money has also changed hands.
Observers also learn as they view their colleagues in action.
Observers also note that the changing character of the workplace stokes tension.
Observers also point out that bank lending has grown faster than deposits.
Observers also provide detailed habitat maps and information from their plots.
Observers also score the availability of physical space, materials, and equipment.
Observers also see advantages for smaller gear makers.
Observers also worry about a strategic alliance forming between China and Sudan.
Observers alternate primary and secondary roles during the course of a survey.
Observers analyze breathe patterns.
Observers analyze patterns.
Observers announce the hourly rotation on the hour.
Observers appear divided on who had the most to lose by backing out of a debate.
Observers appointed by foreign governments, stay away.
Observers are addicts, too.
Observers are also welcome to register.
Observers are also welcome.
Observers are always anonymous.
Observers are always welcome at any of the meetings.
Observers are always welcome, but bring hearing protection.
Observers are always welcome.
Observers are astronomers who take pictures of the sky through telescopes.
Observers are at a loss to pinpoint the cause of Kansas City's distinction.
Observers are cautiously optimistic but note more research is needed.
Observers are convinced that currently the political parties have little interest in peace.
Observers are equivalent to their ordered sets of states, which contain their observations.
Observers are experts.
Observers are for the most part silent.
Observers are free to design their own schedule.
Observers are full of stuff - gadgets, tools, accessories and other widgets.
Observers are impressed.
Observers are less optimistic.
Observers are newspapers.
Observers are people.
Observers are representatives from Chile, Germany, Hungary, Peru, Romania and Switzerland.
Observers are responsible for all expenses, including food.
Observers are responsible for generating the files necessary to run the milling machine.
Observers are responsible for removing their data from the machines.
Observers are responsible for the scientific analysis and interpretation of their observations.
Observers are responsible for the security of their own equipment and vehicles.
Observers are responsible for their own travel arrangements and expenses.
Observers are silent.
Observers are simply people or instruments capable of making and recording measurements.
Observers are skeptical.
Observers are very important to the continued collection of phenological data.
Observers are welcome anytime.
Observers are welcome at any class.
Observers are welcome in the meeting, but space is limited.
Observers are welcome on board the boat.
Observers are welcome to accompany the hunters on safari or relax in the camp.
Observers are welcome to all evaluations.
Observers are welcome to attend the forum.
Observers are welcome to attend the session at no charge.
Observers are welcome to attend.
Observers are welcome, and can ask questions during the break and after the meeting.
Observers are welcome.
Observers are wholly welcome to participate and offer suggestions.
Observers are workers.
Observers argue that women have made huge strides with the help of affirmative action.
Observers assist teams.
Observers attend all Symposium presentations and all other scheduled events.
Observers attribute the change, in part, to a more conservative political climate.
Observers attribute the sluggish pace to Chinese domestic political and economic factors.
Observers become more aware of their own safety.
Observers begin at dusk and many work until dawn.
Observers believe a political decision has been made to look into a number of embezzlement cases.
Observers believe differing political agendas are at the root.
Observers believe foreign diplomatic concern has forced the government to act.
Observers believe that a specially trained terrorist group detonated the bomb.
Observers believe that it is the time now to start a real dialogue for political changes in Burma.
Observers believe that the current incursion is more serious than the one launched last year.
Observers believe that the death squads are linked to security forces.
Observers believe that the international community is tired of Cambodia's never-ending problems.
Observers believe that time is on Israel's side.
Observers believe the main reason is college debt.
Observers believe the parties currently have no real desire for peace.
Observers blame a lack of awareness and poor compliance with the telemedicine law.
Observers blame the delay on opposition by nationalist political forces.
Observers blame the new leadership team.
Observers call it mission overload.
Observers call that a fatal flip of priorities.
Observers can actually watch as the part starts to cure in front of their eyes.
Observers can also hinder adherence to modesty and propriety.
Observers can also join International meetings usually held every half of a year.
Observers can carefully compare the brightness of the two stars to detect the event.
Observers can detect movement by finding crevasses along the glacier.
Observers can either use smaller slits, or get better sampling of sky lines.
Observers can expect a major improvement compared to the initial release.
Observers can gain many new ideas from watching others perform.
Observers can generally attend.
Observers can get extreemly close to the action.
Observers can get pretty persnickety where white light is concerned.
Observers can hear the roar of the rip tide from the cliffs above.
Observers can help pilots in many ways.
Observers can include suppliers, customers, or coworkers who are outside the team.
Observers can look at the crawfish in the tank.
Observers can see all but a little sliver of the moon.
Observers can see that one value of a variable represents a larger or smaller quantity than another.
Observers can seem disengaged with life, preferring the mental realms of thought to interaction.
Observers can spot alligators, snakes, turtles and the occasional otter.
Observers can take part in the round table discussion through the session chairman.
Observers can tell what the air pressure is by looking at where the mercury stops in the barometer.
Observers can then study the data at STScI or at their home institutions.
Observers can view an overhead schematic of the battle site on a mapping module.
Observers catch glimpses.
Observers categorize flexibility into several types.
Observers caution, however, that day care itself is no panacea.
Observers change locations.
Observers cheer and bring a sack lunch.
Observers cite examples in mythology and art to track the history of the development of modern dogs.
Observers cite several factors behind the trend, which has caught the attention of policymakers.
Observers cite some problems with the first generation of stock option plans.
Observers claim they look like searchlights and sometimes as fireballs or lightning.
Observers claim they wore white gold matching wedding bands.
Observers collect cod and pollock stomachs.
Observers come to conclusions.
Observers come to same conclusions.
Observers concur that such a move is indeed likely.
Observers confuse the tools and practices they see on their plant visits with the system itself.
Observers consider the change favorable to the defense.
Observers consider Vietnam's loud objections a measure of the reports accuracy.
Observers contend that women view computers as tools instead of toys.
Observers create the realities they inhabit.
Observers credit the government for improving the climate for foreign investors.
Observers derive their power to ensure fair elections in two ways.
Observers detect yet another U-turn in the offing.
Observers differ on why the publications are failing, according to the article.
Observers disagree whether the latest round of mea culpas falls into that category.
Observers dismiss that as shrill propaganda.
Observers displaced by unscheduled observations have no special rights for access to the data.
Observers document death.
Observers doubt that any individual can lead the country in the same way.
Observers employ techniques.
Observers estimate size.
Observers evaluate the prospect of breaking up the giant corporation.
Observers expect a complete break with the past.
Observers expect a tight race.
Observers expect business to pick up next weekend when some A-list stars release new films.
Observers expect difficult negotiations.
Observers expect that trend to continue.
Observers expect the case to be the first of many in the wake of last week's findings.
Observers expect the debate to boil down to a choice between access and equity.
Observers expect the government to appeal the ruling.
Observers expect the government to fall tomorrow.
Observers expect the high court's decision to have national implications.
Observers expect the judges to rule on the appeal within two months.
Observers expect the political turmoil to impact on an economy already wobbling into recession.
Observers expect the trend to continue.
Observers expect the union to settle.
Observers experience a different kind of surrogate existence while viewing.
Observers extract a value from the object without changing the object.
Observers fear an epidemic.
Observers fear that the kidnapping was ordered by an underground criminal organization.
Observers fear there is.
Observers feel that double standards are at play.
Observers feel that they only have so much energy and can be overwhelmed by too much input.
Observers figure it's a good idea to weave performance criteria into the pay structure.
Observers focus on burial sites.
Observers focus on sites.
Observers gather here on days with easterly, all of the southerly component and west winds.
Observers gather raw biological data onboard commercial fishing boats.
Observers give feedback to role players and tabulate the percentage of each response.
Observers go out with the fishermen on their boats.
Observers go outside every hour to make numerous weather observations.
Observers grumble that the government has failed to offer viable solutions to the economic downturn.
Observers have (part) arms.
Observers have (part) body substances.
Observers have (part) cell membranes.
Observers have (part) cells.
Observers have (part) corpi.
Observers have (part) cytoplasm.
Observers have (part) heads.
Observers have (part) human bodies.
Observers have (part) legs.
Observers have (part) material bodies.
Observers have (part) necks.
Observers have (part) nuclei.
Observers have (part) personality.
Observers have (part) plasma membranes.
Observers have (part) sections.
Observers have (part) vacuoles.
Observers have ideas.
Observers have latitudes.
Observers have no speaking or voting rights.
Observers have the ability to comment on any issue.
Observers have the job of riding on fishing boats and collecting data.
Observers have the right to be present for the pickup and remailing of ballot packages.
Observers have to provide their own food.
Observers have yet to determine why and at what point the relationship broke down.
Observers help to guarantee the integrity of an election process.
Observers here are skeptical over the possibility that such a meeting took place.
Observers here say that the three weeks of campaigning have been quiet.
Observers however are quite confident of the company's strength and future sales performance.
Observers identify a suspected target by fixating the point and pressing a button.
Observers identify and record various marine mammals and their behaviors, focusing on gray whales.
Observers inherit a common interface from an abstract base class.
Observers insist the abuses continue.
Observers laud the momentum developing behind consolidation in Japan's banking business.
Observers leave trails.
Observers live in the monastery and share fully the community's life of prayer and work.
Observers live on their boats, often in crowded and spartan conditions.
Observers located in countries with a continental climate have a sure advantage.
Observers look at stimuli.
Observers look on wearily.
Observers make a rating of one to four for each of the fourteen items.
Observers make scientific consideration and judgment on their data analysis results.
Observers mistake dancing at concerts for riots and fighting.
Observers monitor the vast Alaska and Seattle based fisheries in the North Pacific and Bering Sea.
Observers moving at different velocities see a different division between space and time.
Observers normally arrive on the first day of their run.
Observers note a number of reasons.
Observers note that as oil flow falls, the managers are under pressure to spend less money.
Observers note that clashes often result from fans' anger at poor calls by referees.
Observers note that many state legislators have ties to higher education.
Observers note that the high turnout, regardless of the outcome, is a very positive sign.
Observers note the speaker's nonverbal communication.
Observers note the study tells more about how the body reacts to alcohol.
Observers notice several helicopters app-roaching their location, flying in a triangular formation.
Observers now see little hope for negotiations after the latest outbreak in fighting.
Observers obtain different values.
Observers obtain values.
Observers offer differing views on the adequacy of the legislature's efforts.
Observers pay half price.
Observers pay no dues and have no voting privileges.
Observers pay to watch the battles, which can last anyhere from one to nine hours.
Observers perceive the vertical rod tilted in the same direction as the outer frame.
Observers point out air travel is the only way to reach remote parts of the country.
Observers point out that broadband content means much more than entertainment.
Observers point out that the outbreak first broke out in areas close to army barracks.
Observers point out that, in the eyes of the general public, the abductor has done nothing wrong.
Observers point to several signs creating a healthier market.
Observers point to the transparency and efficiency the process offers.
Observers predict massive run-offs in the coming round.
Observers predict various national reactions .
Observers read horizontals first, then verticals.
Observers read the river stage off the staff gage.
Observers recall the agency's first decade as a time of intense productivity.
Observers record activities.
Observers record celestial observations.
Observers record human activities.
Observers record observations.
Observers record the number and magnitude of meteors observed during various meteor showers.
Observers regard the incident as the beginning of a guerilla phase of the war.
Observers register themselves with the Subject as they are created.
Observers remain ultimately responsible for the safety of their data.
Observers remark on the siege mentality that has taken over the Festival.
Observers remark the same characteristic when the bees are building their marvelous comb.
Observers report a generally open climate for dialogue on political issues.
Observers report goals.
Observers report managers.
Observers report no significant reductions in Serbian forces in Kosovo.
Observers report strong legislative backing for the move.
Observers report that Belgium and Norway are among the worst practitioners of such policies.
Observers report that mouth to mouth propaganda and healings play a large part in the growth.
Observers report that Sasquatch fur is very dark, and covers most of the body except for the face.
Observers report that the area has become a ground for illegal arms dealing and organised crime.
Observers report that the culture of welfare administration is changing.
Observers report that the process fills the average citizen with apathy and cynicism.
Observers report the new start-up markets are sizzling.
Observers report values.
Observers report visibility.
Observers respond as soon as they detect the changing object.
Observers respond verbally to the meanings of the dances using the dance concepts vocabulary.
Observers routinely confront impenetrable barriers when advocating for change.
Observers say ballots manipulated by examiner .
Observers say both defenses represent a misunderstanding of the proper use of a messenger.
Observers say geography and gravity of attacks have led to little prophecy speculation.
Observers say hijackings are a relatively frequent occurrence in the Caucasus region and Russia.
Observers say HMOs failed to anticipate drug-makers' success in marketing new therapies.
Observers say India is just following the U.S. example of developing nuclear weapons.
Observers say India's political insecurity has only just begun.
Observers say it depends on the industry and on users' requirements.
Observers say it is cumbersome, inefficient, and unfair.
Observers say it threatens Angola's fragile peace process.
Observers say it's a new frontier for malicious computer code.
Observers say it's all part of a move to reposition Las Vegas as more than a gambling destination.
Observers say it's open.
Observers say it's too soon to tell.
Observers say multimedia and health care are strong industries here.
Observers say poverty has driven millions of women into prostitution.
Observers say prosecutors can seek a one-time structural change, or take a regulatory approach.
Observers say readiness is down because there is a shortage of recruits and spare parts.
Observers say research firms are pulling their projections out of thin air.
Observers say Serb forces are responsible for the destructive acts.
Observers say some computer sellers participate in auctions with no intention of actually winning.
Observers say some Rwandan officials believe the visit amounts to interference in Rwanda's affairs.
Observers say such cosmetic cures have been tried often before and inevitably failed.
Observers say such ties between universities and tech firms are becoming increasingly common.
Observers say that change has already begun.
Observers say that corruption levels across the Arab region are set to decline gradually.
Observers say that crucial differences of opinion remain to be overcome.
Observers say that few unsigned reports are adopted in criminal trials involving adults.
Observers say that Internet time passes in dog years.
Observers say that is a right approach given the Somali situation.
Observers say that money is behind the most recent attack.
Observers say that on the Web, less is often more.
Observers say that reluctance was on show at last week s wildlife conference.
Observers say that retailers and drug makers are in a bind.
Observers say that the current series of sunspots is particularly fine.
Observers say that the government is concerned about the lack of minority support.
Observers say that the school' s approach runs against the grain.
Observers say that's a rare feat for any self-published author.
Observers say that's because it's easier to burn new CDs without constantly swapping discs.
Observers say the battles between association boards and member homeowners remain intense.
Observers say the decision has the potential to gut welfare reform's work requirements.
Observers say the decision is certain to dramatically increase violence across the country.
Observers say the demand has little chance of survival.
Observers say the discontent is part of a larger cultural backlash.
Observers say the election is too close to call.
Observers say the face seems to carry a serious expression, almost a frown.
Observers say the government needs to be careful, as devaluation is a double-edged sword.
Observers say the middle man is simply pocketing the difference.
Observers say the national veto is the principal obstacle to the proposal.
Observers say the plan was poorly pitched and entangled in politics.
Observers say the point remains.
Observers say the price plunge here was caused by a big infusion of gas recently.
Observers say the quiet naval commodore has never even been seen as a strong leader.
Observers say the regional economic crisis has contributed to inter-religious tensions.
Observers say the report had contributed to the worsening relations between Burundi and Rwanda.
Observers say the shortage of workers is a critical factor driving today's IT employment trends.
Observers say the strategy looks familiar.
Observers say the town shows how suburbia is being reinvented as an agent of social change.
Observers say the zone is likely to stimulate local economies.
Observers say their campaign has been the most focussed on issues and the most well organised.
Observers say there are two main reasons for the demand in technology-proficient teachers.
Observers say there are two voting blocs on the council.
Observers say there has been marked improvement in league scores in the past year alone.
Observers say there is sufficient support in both houses to pass a ban.
Observers say there's good reason for insurance companies to move cautiously into e-business.
Observers say they especially watch cloud types, heights, visibility, and wind speed and direction.
Observers say they expect a smooth transition.
Observers say they often ranged from the ridiculous to the frightening.
Observers say they've got the right political chemistry at the right time.
Observers say U.S. hackers struck an equal number of Chinese Web sites during the eight-day battle.
Observers say vote sufficiently fair but opposition rejects result, calls protests.
Observers say what it comes down to is a lack of money.
Observers scratch their heads.
Observers see a boost for the local economy and the central city in particular.
Observers see a trend nationwide.
Observers see birds.
Observers see continued upside for the rest of the year.
Observers see earth.
Observers see effects.
Observers see everybody's comments.
Observers see films.
Observers see images.
Observers see in daylight.
Observers see it as a price the government is willing to pay.
Observers see only a sedate crawl.
Observers see only the four front aces.
Observers see same effects.
Observers see the most meteors when the shower's maximum occurs while the radiant is high overhead.
Observers see the results of that meeting as a first step to dealing with the roots of apartheid.
Observers simply play the role of witnesses.
Observers speculate that the judge saw the case as something of a nuisance.
Observers start to giggle.
Observers suggest a number of reasons.
Observers suggest that evangelistic churches . . .
Observers suggest that leaders are sending minors into the streets to gain media sympathy.
Observers suggest various reasons for donors' failure to respond to the appeal.
Observers systematically record what they see and hear.
Observers take photographs.
Observers tend to attribute an individual's behavior to elements of that individual's character.
Observers tend to be swept into the events.
Observers tend to lump all the players in the convergence switch space together.
Observers tend to move the samples to minimize gloss when judging color.
Observers then sit.
Observers then vote by ballot for the entry they think best.
Observers there believe the migration peaked last week.
Observers there say the strong current results in the availabilty of open water changing daily.
Observers travel with teams to record the teams' progress along the route.
Observers typically gd the impression that the vantage point is moving.
Observers underline the fact that Internet advertising is still a work in progress.
Observers use different plans of attack.
Observers use methods.
Observers use paper and pencil to detail group communication and decision process.
Observers use star maps included in the software to identify three or four reference stars.
Observers use the lmswho command to check on participants' progress.
Observers use their training to apply a sampling regime that best fits their individual vessels.
Observers watch and suggest alternative strategies to the facilitator.
Observers watch from observation rooms located next to each therapy room.
Observers watch nervously, hoping their ability to judge distance is fine-tuned.
Observers watch the scene in horror.
Observers watch via video connection in the adjoining room.
Observers watch workers in the mill do their jobs.
Observers often forget that special teams is one-third of the equation.
Observers often shake their heads and express bafflement at such actions.
Observers often speak about the effect job-hopping has on employees.
Observers sometimes make the teens uncomfortable,'' Hartel explains.
Observers usually define apertures for their dither and offset sky exposures.
Observers usually give several basic reasons.
All observers agree that some student involvement outside the classroom is positive.
All observers agree that the satellite industry is in trouble.
All Observers are volunteers and receive no payment.
All observers are welcome.
All observers can join the simple, but interesting projects.
All observers count the visible stars inside the tube.
All observers measure the same speed of light.
All observers report song as confirmation.
All observers require a computer account to operate telescope and instrument software.
All observers write of the exquisite precision cutting of the blocks which compose the interior.
Any observer can see that the thing is clipping right along.
Many observers agree that government openness is being buffeted as the century draws to a close.
Many observers agree that no matter what measures are taken, it is too late.
Many observers also feel that there has been a reduction in wild bee colonies.
Many observers also recall the game played between Bulgaria and Nigeria four years ago.
Many observers analyze their own stripcharts and computer plots.
Many observers are critical of the plan, however.
Many observers are much more skeptical that either side wants it.
Many observers are sceptical of the China initiative.
Many observers are skeptical of both explanations.
Many observers argue that the most important outcome of the changes is yet to be seen.
Many observers assume that aircraft fly straight to airport runways.
Many observers assume that America is a much less religious nation than it was forty years ago.
Many observers believe it was a product of a hurried board room decision.
Many observers believe location is a more crucial factor in the city than in the suburbs.
Many observers believe so.
Many observers believe that current registration laws hinder voter turnout.
Many observers believe that low self-esteem lies at the bottom of many of society's problems.
Many observers believe that Sudan is in the process of breaking-up.
Many observers believe that the number of trials and quality of observations are excessive.
Many observers believe that the pace of technological innovation in medicine is now accelerating.
Many observers believe that was the skirmish which marked the start of the modern Troubles .
Many observers believe the continuing violence reflects a larger social pathology.
Many observers believe the guerrillas are also succeeding in changing the military balance.
Many observers believe the key influence has been business.
Many observers believe the opposition disappeared from the Jordanian political map.
Many observers believe the time is right for empowering the regions.
Many observers believe transactions online soon reach into the trillions of dollars in value.
Many observers believe West Florida is the favorite to win the division.
Many observers believe, however, that law enforcement alone has no chance of stemming the trade.
Many observers carry a collection of nibbles and munchies to sessions.
Many observers consider the industry has reached a crisis point.
Many observers contend that the time is right for bringing client technology into the classroom.
Many observers contend, however, that the state s campaign is fueling instability.
Many observers design a standard observing form, which can be filled in at the telescope.
Many observers expect Russian cosmonauts to visit Mars by the end of the century.
Many observers expect the administration to take a hard line.
Many observers expect the new trade agreement to strengthen the hand of China's reformers.
Many observers expect the vote to be close, with several Regents currently sitting on the fence.
Many observers fear that curbs on the press are only the beginning.
Many observers fear that the mollusk and shellfish populations are ruined.
Many observers fear that the project is a logging scheme in disguise.
Many observers feel the current rate is closer to twenty per cent.
Many observers feel the effectiveness of curfews is a myth.
Many observers find a barlow lens to be a valuable accessory.
Many observers get a sense of great promise, but many warn of great perils, too.
Many observers harbor misgivings about their telescope.
Many observers have cooperative neighbors who turn off outdoor lights on request.
Many observers hope that significant behavioral change has begun.
Many observers lament the size of government in our economy.
Many observers link the recent rocket attacks in Islamabad to the sanctions imposed on Afghanistan.
Many observers look askance of airpower because they believe it costs too much.
Many observers look on attempts to hold the Mississippi as pure hubris.
Many observers now believe it is possible.
Many observers now discount the ability of the United States to continue as sole mediator.
Many observers ooh and aah the flexibility, lifters notice the support.
Many observers perceive grandparent care to be a growing phenomenon.
Many observers play down the significance of the most recent round of violence.
Many observers point to the way the funds are doled out.
Many observers point to the widening rift between newspaper profitability and good journalism.
Many observers predict e-commerce taxes are inevitable.
Many observers predict that it is only a matter of time before the country slides back to war.
Many observers predict that unrest in the country can only get worse.
Many observers question the ethics of the practice.
Many observers recommend lining up extra technology staff now or even hiring an outside contractor.
Many observers record all their observations to the minute regardless of the variable type.
Many observers regard anxiety as a basic condition of modern existence.
Many observers report that the fireball was visible for only a short time.
Many observers say that makes sense.
Many observers say that the contract helped undermine the project.
Many observers say the event reflects a growing evangelical Christian movement among today's teens.
Many observers say the potential for further increase is enormous.
Many observers say the security situation in the south does appear to be worsening.
Many observers say the state is still the main culprit.
Many observers say they resemble Gaudi's work.
Many observers say what's at stake is public trust in an institution's scientists and research.
Many observers see second and third intentions behind the fa ade of the stated one.
Many observers see such actions as attempts to circumvent the constitution.
Many observers see that gap widening if the pact goes through.
Many observers see the two demands as incompatible.
Many observers smell a rat.
Many observers still point to the unique problems women face.
Many observers suggest that the carrier really wants nothing to change.
Many observers swear they are actual aircraft photos, but they are computer enhanced art work.
Many observers think that Denver's small defensive linemen wear down against constant pounding.
Many observers think that the region resembles the surface of the moon.
Many observers think the company is still well-positioned.
Many observers try to predict the outcome.
Many observers view it as an ethnic conflict fueled by nationalist intransigence.
Many observers wonder why Internet stocks are over- priced.
Many observers worry most about future testing by China.
Many observers yearn for a compromise to bring relief to the people.
Most observers agree on what needs to be done if that challenge is to be met.
Most observers agree that doctors are undertrained in pain management techniques.
Most observers agree that minorities suffer more hate crimes than they report.
Most observers agree that Qatar is likely to weather the current storm.
Most observers agree that schools have a role to play in fostering such development.
Most observers agree that the Chinese space program borrows heavily from Russian space technology.
Most observers agree that the deadline is impossible to meet given the slow transition so far.
Most observers agree that the most spectacular are in Central Idaho.
Most observers agree that the shortage is a reality in Maine.
Most observers agree that the two unions are destined to become one.
Most observers agree that there are no military solutions to the problems posed by Iraq.
Most observers agree that there's more freedom now than there was before.
Most observers agree, however, that the days of network dominance are long gone.
Most observers analyze breathe patterns.
Most observers analyze patterns.
Most observers are much more pessimistic.
Most observers arrive in Tucson the day before observing starts.
Most observers believe a military overthrow is unlikely.
Most observers believe a serious crisis measures a marriage.
Most observers believe Ethiopian intransigence caused peace talks to founder in Algiers last week.
Most observers believe that biotechnology is the life science industry of the future.
Most observers believe that the airline industry needs to be more competitive.
Most observers believe that the family farm is endangered.
Most observers believe that the retail market issues are best addressed by State authorities.
Most observers believe the United States is the next target.
Most observers call Japan's policy a flop.
Most observers catch glimpses.
Most observers change locations.
Most observers choose to make skies at intervals of a few minutes.
Most observers come to conclusions.
Most observers come to same conclusions.
Most observers consider a recession unlikely.
Most observers consider England to be the principal begetter of the war.
Most observers consider it disgusting and immoral.
Most observers describe Arcturus as yellow or orange.
Most observers document death.
Most observers doubt it.
Most observers employ techniques.
Most observers estimate it has several hundred armed combatants in the field.
Most observers estimate size.
Most observers expect a compromise - small tax cuts and a bit of new spending, such as on highways.
Most observers expect government to come up with some kind of bailout.
Most observers expect it to endorse the panel's recommendations.
Most observers expect the court to come into existence within the next two or three years.
Most observers expect the legislation to become law before the next election.
Most observers expect the plan to end up in court anyway.
Most observers expect to see the online test prep trend continue to grow, at least for a while.
Most observers expect years of legal wrangling before the case is settled.
Most observers feel the sense of urgency is justified.
Most observers find it either funny, or offensive.
Most observers find stopwatches most convenient for making timings.
Most observers find the data-taker to be extraordinarily easy to use.
Most observers focus on burial sites.
Most observers focus on sites.
Most observers give neither of the bills much chance of passage, and that's just as well.
Most observers grossly underestimate their reaction times.
Most observers have a selection of eyepieces to match the objects they are viewing.
Most observers have difficulty locating the faculty member in the typical learning lab setting.
Most observers have ideas.
Most observers have their own system of night numbers.
Most observers invariably overestimate their weight.
Most observers leave trails.
Most observers look at stimuli.
Most observers obtain different values.
Most observers obtain values.
Most observers process their images to reduce limb-darkening and enhance contrast.
Most observers recognize that there are now serious imbalances between state and local finances.
Most observers recognize that there is no way to lock away payroll tax receipts for future use.
Most observers record celestial observations.
Most observers record human activities.
Most observers remain at least cautiously supportive as restructuring proceeds.
Most observers remain hopeful that the stock market is nearing that elusive bottom.
Most observers remain sceptical about the prospects of North Korea hosting matches.
Most observers report goals.
Most observers report managers.
Most observers report units without visible flame . . .
Most observers report values.
Most observers report visibility.
Most observers return a value.
Most observers say it looks lazy, and in the hands of an untalented umpire that is also true.
Most observers say look at the contractor's groups.
Most observers say no.
Most observers say so far it has been neither.
Most observers say that only California has better racing.
Most observers say that the number of cases that pose serious problems for districts is small.
Most observers say the chance of another coup is remote, for now.
Most observers see a coat hanger shape.
Most observers see a limited future for commercial salmon fishing on the Oregon coast.
Most observers see birds.
Most observers see earth.
Most observers see effects.
Most observers see films.
Most observers see images.
Most observers see in daylight.
Most observers see same effects.
Most observers see the transmission system continuing to be regulated in some form or another.
Most observers sense the desperation that drives a woman to neonaticide.
Most observers spend most of their time using a telescope's lowest power.
Most observers support the concept of deregulating the electricity market.
Most observers suspect that the association's motive was nothing less than cynical ageism.
Most observers take photographs.
Most observers tend to overestimate the size of a bird.
Most observers tend to think the worst of the Asian crisis is over.
Most observers think passage is as likely as hydrogen atoms turning into hydrinos.
Most observers think so.
Most observers think that it is a nice gesture.
Most observers think that the court is split.
Most observers think the giant firm is just testing the waters.
Most observers think the true figure is at least twice as high.
Most observers use a desk or table to hold charts, record sheets, and other equipment.
Most observers use methods.
Most observers view it as a good first step.
Most observers view the commissioner's actions as a temporary solution.
Some observers add that testing represents a return to a top-down, industrial management style.
Some observers anticipate a cancellation.
Some observers anticipate an even greater surplus.
Some observers anticipate the statement to have broad and historic impact.
Some observers applaud the effort.
Some observers are also inclined to ask questions about Dublin's role.
Some observers are concerned at the levels of industrial concentration.
Some observers are confused.
Some observers are however less optimistic about the longer-term outlook for club membership prices.
Some observers are less optimistic.
Some observers are more upbeat, however.
Some observers are pessimistic.
Some observers are skeptical about the business models being proposed by the new political sites.
Some observers aren t as upbeat.
Some observers argue impact.
Some observers argue that a supply shock is currently having an effect on the economy.
Some observers argue that government bureaucracy makes an ineffective science watchdog.
Some observers argue that the current system needs only some fine-tuning to lower costs.
Some observers argue that the only real impediment to journalistic independence in Russia is money.
Some observers argue that there is no point distributing insurance risks across more investors.
Some observers argue the constitutional impasse begs for a solid dose of outside counsel.
Some observers ask.
Some observers assume biologists.
Some observers beg to differ.
Some observers believe corruption continues to weigh heavily on the country's future.
Some observers believe men are better off financially than women after divorce.
Some observers believe polygamy is no longer as widespread in Africa as it once was.
Some observers believe so and others counsel caution.
Some observers believe that instability in the east has been exaggerated by hardline media.
Some observers believe that Japan has already hit bottom.
Some observers believe that ocelots remain faithful to their chosen mates.
Some observers believe that the quality of teaching is being jeopardized by inadequate funding.
Some observers believe the bales contributed to bikeway damage.
Some observers believe the sprawl problem is overstated.
Some observers believe the state's citizens got little return for that investment in time.
Some observers believe they are snagging second-tier deals.
Some observers believe thrifts are a dying breed.
Some observers blame certain social trends for the difficulties social service agencies are facing.
Some observers blame Christian idealism for giving couples unrealistic expectations of marriage.
Some observers blame Cuba for slowness in opening to foreign capital.
Some observers blame human population growth.
Some observers blame the West for the current state of affairs.
Some observers blame tightening welfare regulations.
Some observers call business process reengineering last year's fad.
Some observers call for different emphases or levels of U.S. involvement in Central Asia.
Some observers call information to the office using a toll free number.
Some observers certainly think so.
Some observers cite the weight of top-down, bureaucratic management as a problem.
Some observers claim that innovation all too often occurs in a vacuum.
Some observers claim that look-alike cable channels make public television unnecessary.
Some observers claim that the trade deficit is a benign deficit with no real negative effects.
Some observers claim the latter to be 'chemtrails' being sprayed for the tips of the rear wings.
Some observers claim to hear the flapping of wings.
Some observers consider fighting hackers a losing battle.
Some observers consider writers.
Some observers cover their heads with a dark cloth to cut out ambient light.
Some observers define quality in relation to the specific problems of local communities.
Some observers describe hemispheres.
Some observers describe methodologies.
Some observers describe taste.
Some observers detect the same trends in the developed democracies of the North.
Some observers disagree.
Some observers disparagingly refer to the approach as reform on the quick.
Some observers distinguish three intersecting market spaces.
Some observers do see annularity at very high powers.
Some observers doubt such a goal can be achieved.
Some observers doubt the police chief's statements.
Some observers equate the growth in transistor count with a shrinking of transistor dimensions.
Some observers estimate abundances.
Some observers estimate height.
Some observers even believe that such freedoms have been practiced excessively.
Some observers even contest whether there are signs of a slowdown.
Some observers even fear for the survival of party-based democracy.
Some observers even look for high-energy particles called cosmic rays which come from deep space.
Some observers even see a dark side to the effort.
Some observers expect a big turnaround in online customer service over the next year.
Some observers expect consolidation to intensify in the industry.
Some observers expect several new categories to emerge as growth segments.
Some observers face responses.
Some observers fear a homogenizing effect, undermining what is authentic in the district.
Some observers fear that Burundi is moving in the same direction.
Some observers feel cinema is less than ideal for exploring religious or spiritual subjects.
Some observers feel last week s stories didn t hurt that much.
Some observers feel that Uganda is therefore withdrawing it troops prematurely.
Some observers feel the decision indicates the commissioners felt that pressure.
Some observers find eyepieces with short eye relief difficult to use.
Some observers find grounds for optimism in Russia's present media landscape.
Some observers go even further.
Some observers go further, saying that redirection is impossible.
Some observers have a separate small telescope that they use exclusively for solar observing.
Some observers have benefits.
Some observers have conditions.
Some observers have selections.
Some observers have situations.
Some observers have trouble.
Some observers implement methods.
Some observers lament the decline of the old Bolognese political passions.
Some observers like to claim that nothing ever really changes in our ties with Japan.
Some observers look at clouds.
Some observers look for the explanation in American culture.
Some observers observe crests.
Some observers perceive public schools to have symbolic value as a community institution.
Some observers point to the underlying dynamism and entrepreneurial spirit of Asian societies.
Some observers predict problems.
Some observers predict that Zagreb still intends to have the last word.
Some observers privately say that Save Our Valley's support has fallen off greatly in recent months.
Some observers question adding a new layer of bureaucracy to an already top-heavy system.
Some observers question the effectiveness of deleting user accounts.
Some observers question the wisdom of accountants and consultants trying to be venture capitalists.
Some observers raise doubts.
Some observers reach back centuries for clues.
Some observers receive certificates.
Some observers regularly transmit the same combination of low, middle, and high clouds.
Some observers remain pessimistic concerning the results of the price-cutting strategy.
Some observers remain skeptical.
Some observers report a dust-trail.
Some observers report a second stellar nucleus just south of the first.
Some observers report a slight colour difference, a reddish primary and an orange companion.
Some observers report an H-beta filter works well.
Some observers report classifications.
Some observers report cloud classifications.
Some observers report different classifications.
Some observers report freeze rain.
Some observers report growth.
Some observers report height growth.
Some observers report hummingbirds.
Some observers report peccaries.
Some observers report rain.
Some observers reserve skepticism for the sector.
Some observers saunter by with the dead leaves crunching beneath their feet.
Some observers say Arizona's system needs even more than new policies and programs.
Some observers say cloning is inevitable because there are scientists willing to try it.
Some observers say elections are necessary to boost Japan's struggling economy.
Some observers say Indian politics have taken a bizarre twist.
Some observers say stock options can create a perverse incentive.
Some observers say that better footwear has also played a part in the marginally faster times.
Some observers say that crime has gone up.
Some observers say that rationale is the crux of the problem.
Some observers say that the government is now choosing to disregard any land that it disagrees with.
Some observers say the backlash rivals the anti-Asian sentiments of World War II and before.
Some observers say the concept needs to be updated.
Some observers say the downturn in the market valuations of Internet firms is overdue.
Some observers say the firms' accounting and consulting businesses can create conflicts of interest.
Some observers say the goal is realistic.
Some observers say the growing Indian claims issue is a sleeping bear.
Some observers say the Internet has been more rapidly deployed than any medium in history.
Some observers say the island has only two decades left.
Some observers say the machines can be intimidating to first-time voters.
Some observers say the poor state of track in Britain is directly related to a lack of investment.
Some observers say the push to hire such young workers poses problems.
Some observers say the risk of nuclear war is greater now than it was several years ago.
Some observers say there are just too many cars.
Some observers search for herbivores.
Some observers search for large herbivores.
Some observers search for scope.
Some observers see an America that blurs wants and needs, and a sense of entitlement.
Some observers see ants.
Some observers see arches.
Some observers see at least one hole in Horn s plan.
Some observers see avalanches.
Some observers see cars.
Some observers see circles.
Some observers see crescents.
Some observers see dark lanes with larger instruments.
Some observers see eclipse.
Some observers see fire.
Some observers see further evidence of Russian venality in the rescheduling deal.
Some observers see here the beginnings of a new society, which is often addressed as civil society.
Some observers see hope in the battle over taxing Internet commerce.
Some observers see incredible meteor showers.
Some observers see materials.
Some observers see meteor showers.
Some observers see modest improvement in the public schools but nothing dramatic.
Some observers see no surprise in that.
Some observers see particles.
Some observers see pitfalls, too.
Some observers see pulses.
Some observers see rats.
Some observers see rings.
Some observers see showers.
Some observers see snails.
Some observers see solar eclipse.
Some observers see swimmers.
Some observers see the local news franchise of newspapers as an unassailable rock-bottom asset.
Some observers see the merger as a marriage of necessity.
Some observers see the order as a return to Soviet-style police methods.
Some observers see the pharmaceutical industry behind the push.
Some observers see total eclipse.
Some observers see total solar eclipse.
Some observers see wolves.
Some observers seem to agree.
Some observers share creations.
Some observers speak of a paradigm shift in architecture as the result of digital input.
Some observers speculate that activist governments crowd out private initiative.
Some observers suggest, however, that Japan actually is holding up the process.
Some observers suggest, however, that politically sensitive talks are underway behind the scenes.
Some observers think even that's too big.
Some observers think so.
Some observers think that in recent years, the limbo has become harder yet.
Some observers think that opposing campaign finance 'reform' is a little like opposing apple pie.
Some observers think the buyout is outrageous, while others say the university had little choice.
Some observers think the first phase of that process is now underway.
Some observers trot out a flawed rationale whenever a streak, winning or losing, ends.
Some observers use a ruler.
Some observers use magnification.
Some observers use maps.
Some observers use sophisticate telescopes.
Some observers use telescopes.
Some observers view the present public school system in economic terms.
Some observers view the privatization trend positively.
Some observers visit countries.
Some observers warn against anything too extreme.
Some observers wonder if even the market's potential warrants the rush.
Some observers worry about the sheer amount of gambling going on across the nation.
Observing logs are simply a record of the observations.
Most observing runs have durations of a few hours, with only one, or perhaps a few, target sources.
An obsession is a motive
Obsession becomes, if unchecked, possession .
Obsession can result in hateful acts, even though it results solely from the desire to express love.
Obsession continues to be attractive to young artists.
Obsession has such a negative connotation.
Obsession helps too.
Obsession is a frequent theme or subtheme.
Obsession is a replacement for interaction.
Obsession is a sign and symptom of deep neurosis.
Obsession is a wonderful thing when it involves fruvous.
Obsession is about anxiety and worry and is really a mark of immaturity.
Obsession is all, rift raft can go get at the library for themselves.
Obsession is also available for deep-sea fishing or twilight charter trips.
Obsession is at the heart of it all.
Obsession is fatal to everything lovable in a person.
Obsession is fun .
Obsession is funny, disturbing and tragic.
Obsession is more than just temptation.
Obsession is often a way of avoiding facing oneself and the real issues presented by a situation.
Obsession is out of control.
Obsession is probably a better word.
Obsession is psychic closure, a Decadent deforming of reality.
Obsession is self-destruction.
Obsession is total attachment.
Obsession provides great motivation.
Obsession sells a nice fitting one for a good price.
Obsession soon leads to disaster.
Obsession sucks sometimes.
Obsessions are intrusive and unwanted ideas, thoughts, images or impulses that occur repeatedly.
Obsessions are intrusive ideas, thoughts, or images that cause much anxiety and distress.
Obsessions are intrusive thoughts, ideas, images and impulses that a person recognizes as senseless.
Obsessions are persistent and intrusive thoughts, ideas and impulses.
Obsessions are persistent ideas or images that are intrusive and senseless.
Obsessions are persistent ideas, thoughts and images which cause the individual distress.
Obsessions are persistent ideas, thoughts, etc.
Obsessions are preoccupation.
Obsessions are recurrent and persistent thoughts that cause marked anxiety or distress.
Obsessions are recurrent thoughts that cause anxiety.
Obsessions are repetitive, intrusive ideas, images, or impulses.
Obsessions are repetitive, unproductive thoughts that generate anxiety.
Obsessions are the most durable form of intellectual capital.
Obsessions are thoughts or images that are involuntary, intrusive, and anxiety-provoking.
Obsessions are thoughts that are intrusive, unwanted, repetitive, inappropriate, and often doubtful.
Obsessions are thoughts, feelings, and urges that result in great discomfort.
Obsessions are thoughts, images, and impulses that occur over and over again in the brain.
Obsessions are thoughts, often intrusive and upsetting.
Obsessions are totally situational.
Obsessions are unreasonable.
Obsessions are unwanted ideas or impulses that repeatedly pop up in a person's mind.
Obsessions are unwanted ideas, worries, thoughts, images or impulses that occur repeatedly.
Obsessions are unwanted ideas, worries, thoughts, images, or impulses that occur repeatedly.
Obsessions are unwanted thoughts that reoccur.
Obsessions are unwanted, itrusive thoughts, feelings and urges, that cause people much anxiety.
Obsessions can be harmful.
Obsessions can tip over into phobias, and an autistic phobia can be very controlling.
Obsessions come and go according to mysterious and ungovernable laws.
Obsessions come in all shapes.
Obsessions consist of repetitive, unwanted or bothersome thoughts.
Obsessions dominate our mind.
Obsessions feel intrusive and inappropriate.
Obsessions have a have mounting points for their truss tubes on the outside of the mirror box.
Obsessions is a half mile on the right.
Obsessions is for desserts, sandwiches and pizza.
Obsessions live in the future and the past.
Obsessions provoke compulsions.
Obsession usually has something to do with it.
Many obsessions are about criminal behavior, involving sexual, religious, or legal themes.
Many obsessions involve harming someone or something.
Some obsessions are more like passions.
Some obsessions recur less frequently.
Obsessive behavior is something people of diverse interests can appreciate.
Obsessive behavior is the inability to stop thinking about a particular idea or topic.
Obsessive behaviour is one of the commonest traits of autism, and one of the least understood.
Obsessive exercise routines, especially leading to injury.
Obsessive fans grow sullen and refuse to turn right on red.
Obsessive gamblers partake in gambling as an escape.
Obsessive love creates an unrealistic mental image of the beloved.
Obsessive love is different.
Obsessive note taking is toxic to brainstorming.
Obsessive passion destroys a woman's life.
Obsessive personalities are common among successful executives.
Obsessive personalities are what drive innovation and creation more than anything else.
Obsessive thinkers can get paranoid under stress.
Obsessive thoughts are more internal and come from inside our head.
Obsessive thoughts are one manifestation of anxiety.
An obsessive is a sufferer
Obsessive is a double negative.
Obsidian artifacts occur at many archaeological sites throughout the world.
Obsidian flakes can be sharper than the sharpest steel razor.
Obsidian flows are usually only a few km long at most, and are often tens of meters high.
Obsidian hydration is a very advantageous method when identifying the relative age of an artifact.
An obsidian is volcanic glass
Obsidian can hold the sharpest edge known.
Obsidian has little water,  , but takes it in if it sits in groundwater.
Obsidian isa material.
Obsidian isa stuff.
Obsidians are minerals.
Obsidians have properties.
Obsidians have similarity.
All obsidians are volcanic glass and goldstone is manufactured glass.
Most obsidian is black, but pachuca is green.
Most obsidian is black, or black with red bands.
Most obsidians have properties.
Most obsidians have similarity.
Some obsidians have bands.
Obsolescence goes deeper than individual rules.
Obsolescence is degeneration
Obsolete chemicals remain a problem in all countries and dealing with it is extremely costly.
Obsolete classes retain no features.
Obsolete equipment hinders the production and prevents project development.
Obsolete equipment is another issue that effects health care quality in Canada.
Obsolete equipment is broken down and disposed of in an environmentally responsible manner.
Obsolete equipment is broken down and separated into various components.
Obsolete equipment used in making fuses is housed in a modern building.
Obsolete items carry full manufacturers warranty along with a discounted price.
Obsolete language is repealed by the bill.
Obsolete paper is shredded and recycled.
Obsolete parts are our specialty.
Some obsolete questions are still there.
Obsolete rounds are a different story.
Obsolete software is erased, and diskettes tested three times before re-selling.
Obsolete software is like cancer, best removed early.
Obsolete standards mean that healthy, low-fat and low cholesterol cattle never come to market.
Obsolete types are a speciality.
Obstacle avoidance is achieved by commanding speed and turn corrections.
Obstacle avoidance is achieved using only visual image flow for sensing the environment.
Obstacle avoidance is one component of robotic navigation.
Obstacle avoidance is one example, and the actions it implicates are observable.
Obstacle Course is a test of an employee's gross body coordination.
Obstacle Course Requires physical agility to complete the obstacle course.
Obstacle courses are popular everywhere and obstacle course events are included in each show.
Obstacle Courses encourage large motor development.
An obstacle is deterrent
Obstacle is for killing.
Obstacle isa deterrent.
Obstacle isa hindrance.
Obstacles abound and come in a varied shapes and sizes.
Obstacles abound, though.
Obstacles affect businesses differently.
Obstacles also exist among traditional cultures and religions.
Obstacles appear at unknown locations on the grid.
Obstacles appear, requiring the player to learn a new skill, handling the clutch.
Obstacles are a fact of life.
Obstacles are a natural part of a developer's career progress.
Obstacles are also where the most wrecks occur.
Obstacles are an inherent part of change.
Obstacles are assuredly the source of aspirations.
Obstacles are but stepping stones to success.
Obstacles are challenges.
Obstacles are constant and severe.
Obstacles are even harder to see, as are other skiers and riders.
Obstacles are inanimate objects.
Obstacles are just as important as opponents for generating conflict.
Obstacles are like wild animals.
Obstacles are merely lessons to be learned.
Obstacles are more lifestyle than financial.
Obstacles are natural and manmade terrain features that stop, impede or divert military movement.
Obstacles are nothing more than challenges.
Obstacles are obstructions.
Obstacles are only the objects that block the view of our goals.
Obstacles are opportunities for tremendous growth.
Obstacles are opportunities.
Obstacles are primarily from one's self or ego.
Obstacles are sentient.
Obstacles are standard mini-golf course tunnels, twists, and chutes.
Obstacles are standard putt-putt course tunnels, twists, and chutes.
Obstacles are things a person sees when they take their eyes off their goal.
Obstacles are things a person sees when they take their eyes off their goals.
Obstacles are walls, roofs, and other officials.
Obstacles arise, seasons change and the wind blows from a different direction.
Obstacles become adventure.
Obstacles block a shift from one stage to the next.
Obstacles Build a quick report to view an individual's latest progress notes.
Obstacles can be great learning opportunities.
Obstacles can consist of jumps, tunnels, seesaws and more.
Obstacles can include rocks, trees, houses, spectators, etc, depending on the location.
Obstacles can only be temporary ones.
Obstacles change the shape of available space.
Obstacles come in many forms.
Obstacles covered in the A free poster is included with each tape.
Obstacles discussed include disabling attitudes, lack of knowledge, and financial interests.
Obstacles do exist to the widespread adoption of data mining tools in the healthcare field.
Obstacles do remain.
Obstacles exist that hamper the development of needed sick child care programs.
Obstacles exist which they are laboring to remove.
Obstacles force a greater vision and demand creative solutions.
Obstacles get in our way, however.
Obstacles including rocks, log jams and fallen or overhanging trees are common.
Obstacles inspire the desire to solve a dilemma.
Obstacles look different from different angles.
Obstacles Match the mentor and entry year by content and either the same or different grade level.
Obstacles mount and explode like a string of cheap firecrackers.
Obstacles multiply when a crash occurs in international waters.
Obstacles overcome c.
Obstacles overcome, the impossible is made to happen.
Obstacles pose a special problem.
Obstacles present common danger.
Obstacles present danger.
Obstacles provide variety and surprise.
Obstacles range from lack of infrastructure to delivery logistics, trust issues and culture.
Obstacles remain for businesses willing to take a risk on the poorest markets.
Obstacles remain Impediments for banks selling personal lines remain, of course.
Obstacles remain in fuel-cell technology.
Obstacles remain in the Balkans, but progress is real and considerable.
Obstacles remain, however, the foremost of which is poverty, according to the WHO report.
Obstacles remain, however.
Obstacles remain, including cost, resistance, and compatibility.
Obstacles seem less daunting when viewed with perspective .
Obstacles seem to vanish.
Obstacles still exist to genuine interaction.
Obstacles surely remain, but the signs of progress are unmistakable.
Obstacles take a beating in the winter.
Obstacles test a character's resourcefulness and resolve.
Obstacles vary, depending on flows.
Obstacles usually come in the form of commitments, sacrifices and good decisions.
Obstacles usually comprise hitting a tough number twice before continuing on the circuit.
Every obstacle has it's own personal name.
Every obstacle is a major obstacle.
Every obstacle is an opportunity.
Every obstacle is created by the ego, for the ego.
Every obstacle is really a gift of freedom.
Every obstacle presents an opportunity to improve one's condition.
Every obstacle presents an opportunity to improve our condition.
Every obstacle presents an opportunity.
Every obstacle yields to stern resolve.
Many obstacles are off-camber and at step angles.
Many obstacles can get in the way of even the smallest goal.
Many obstacles exist with multi-image premiums.
Many obstacles face the day laborers.
Many obstacles get in our way on the road to success.
Many obstacles lie in our path to a cure.
Many obstacles lie in the way of the expansion of the professional service firms.
Many obstacles make an effective Sino-Japanese partnership unrealistic at first glance.
Many obstacles now have to be hurdled.
Many obstacles prevent men and women from talking about sexual and reproductive issues.
Many obstacles prevent the diagnosis and appropriate treatment of depression.
Many obstacles remain before in utero surgery becomes common.
Many obstacles remain in our children s path to excellence.
Many obstacles remain in the quest to provide a secure source of germplasm.
Many obstacles remain.
Many obstacles still stand in the way.
Some obstacle arises and separates the lovers, geographically or in some other way.
Some obstacles appear as impenetrable walls too difficult to conquer.
Some obstacles are always there in any work.
Some obstacles are only too real, especially for working moms.
Some obstacles are primarily economic, while others are physical or institutional in nature.
Some obstacles are specific to a particular topic.
Some obstacles are structural, some are cultural, some are historical and some political.
Some obstacles confront the safe use of waste water in urban agriculture.
Some obstacles face children.
Some obstacles face the researchers when considering engineered arteries in humans.
Some obstacles pop up quickly and are disposed of, overcome, or dodged just as quickly.
Some obstacles prevent expansion.
Some obstacles remain.
Some obstacles take energy from the ball, some add energy.
Obstetric cases tend to be more acute in onset, and more self-limited than nonobstetric cases.
Obstetric experience is an asset.
Obstetric experience is preferred.
All obstetric interventions are available, but alternative obstetric options are also practice.
Obstetric ultrasound can determine the age and development of an embryo or fetus.
Obstetrical care is a field of medicine which lends itself well to an electronic medical record.
Obstetrical care is optional.
Obstetrical care is provided for the needs of the normal to the complicated pregnancy.
Obstetrical care is required.
An obstetrical delivery is an act
Obstetrical deliveries are often complicated and there is no facility for C section locally.
Obstetrical experience is obtained.
Obstetrical experience is preferred.
Obstetrical fees are due in full by the eighth month of pregnancy.
Obstetrical hypnosis requires training prior to the onset of labor and delivery.
Obstetrical interventions are also transformative in intent.
Obstetrical ultrasound is also available.
Obstetrical volume is considerable and provides additional labor and delivery experience.
Obstetrician consultation is provided when necessary.
An obstetrician is a specialist
Obstetricians also are heavily involved in preventive medicine.
Obstetricians are board certified doctors who provide pregnancy care.
Obstetricians are by far the most common choice for today's pregnant women.
Obstetricians are doctors specialising in the medicine of childbirth.
Obstetricians are doctors.
Obstetricians are experts in complications.
Obstetricians are practically the only doctors who ever deliver babies.
Obstetricians are specialists.
Obstetricians are the most common choice for care providers during pregnancy.
Obstetricians are the only specialists routinely delivering babies.
Obstetricians care for pregnant women and deliver babies.
Obstetricians care for the woman before, during and after a pregnancy.
Obstetricians deliver babies and care for mothers after childbirth.
Obstetricians have inflexible ideas of how labor ought to go.
Obstetricians know nothing and do nothing.
Obstetricians provide medical care to women during pregnancy and childbirth.
Obstetricians provide weekday, night and weekend coverage backup.
Obstetricians receptiveness to teen medicaid recipients . . .
Obstetricians recommend the killing of the disabled before they can be born.
Obstetricians routinely recommend diets rich in folate for their pregnant patients.
Obstetricians say that a sensible exercise program can help a mother recover from childbirth.
Obstetricians specialize in the care of women during pregnancy.
Obstetricians test for phospholipid antibodies only in women who have reproductive loss.
Obstetricians There are signs of an agreement.
Obstetricians use it for drug-free pain relief during childbirth.
All obstetricians have experience dealing with fibroids and pregnancy.
Most obstetricians recommend conservative treatment for gestational back pain.
Some obstetricians have their own offices or see patients in small clinics.
Some obstetricians practice in major academic centers and many in small to medium size communities.
Some obstetricians routinely explore the uterus after each delivery.
Some obstetricians say a tenth of Russian newborns die of infections.
Some obstetricians specialize in treating women with high-risk pregnancies.
Obstructed airway is the most common reason in smaller children.
Obstructed airway is the most common reasons in smaller children.
Obstructed lungs have long time constants due to increased resistance.
Obstructed perspiration is one great source of diseases.
Obstruction of justice fails by gaps in the proofs.
Obstruction of justice is a degradation of law.
Obstruction of justice is an obstruction
Obstruction of justice is clearly an impeachable offense.
Obstruction of justice is hard to prove.
Obstruction of justice is obstruction of justice to an individual or to a family.
Obstruction of justice is obstruction of justice to an individual, to a family.
Obstruction of justice seems as common in D.C. as wife-swapping in Hollywood.
Obstructions of justice is obstructions.
An obstruction is a structure
Obstruction also is seen in small airway or inflammatory airway disease.
Obstruction also predisposes to vesicoureteral reflux which can enable bacteria to reach the kidney.
Obstruction can also cause nausea and vomiting if it is severe.
Obstruction can be in collecting channels in liver, hepatic ducts or bile duct.
Obstruction can occur within the gall bladder or anywhere along the bile duct.
Obstruction can result from congenital abnormalities, infection and surgery.
Obstruction causes a rise in atrial pressure and pulmonary wedge pressure.
Obstruction causes abnormal ventilation.
Obstruction causes pain by filling the tubes of the urinary tract with too much fluid.
Obstruction creates a hospitable environment for bacteria, the primary causes of acute sinusitis.
Obstruction forces the bladder to generate higher pressures than normal to achieve micturition.
Obstruction is a higher risk for patients who had obstructive symptoms prior to surgery.
Obstruction is always a delayed dead ball situation.
Obstruction is but virtue's foil.
Obstruction is caused by free radical activity, lipid accumulation, and calcification.
Obstruction is illuminated as malpractice.
Obstruction is more prevalent in a supine position.
Obstruction is never so much ideological as inertial.
Obstruction is the act of hindering or impeding.
Obstruction is the more common cause.
Obstruction occurs secondary to an imperforate hymen or an atretic or stenotic vagina.
Obstruction presents two types of problems.
Obstructions are in the sidewalk Utility polls, hydrants, signposts, business signs and parked cars.
Obstructions are maneuvers.
Obstructions are structures.
Obstructions are the main problem indoors.
Obstructions block sound.
Obstructions can be in the form of gallstones or cancerous tumor.
Obstructions can include guardrail, utility poles and sign posts.
Obstructions lead to buildup of bilirubin in the blood causing symptomatic jaundice.
Obstructions reduce further the flow to the limbs, brain, heart and other vital structures.
Obstruction usually occurs in the pharynx.
Any obstructions cause erronius readings.
Most obstructions dissolve on their own within the first few months of life.
Most obstructions occur where the nasolacrimal duct enters the nasal cavity.
Some obstructions can artificially increase the readings by reflecting direct UV onto the sensor.
An obstructionist is a person
Obstructionists can slow requests for information as the clock runs down or make partial disclosure.
Obstructive airway diseases in infants and children.
Obstructive apnea is a cessation of breathing that last ten seconds or more.
Obstructive apnea is secondary to upper airway obstruction.
Obstructive atelectasis produces characteristic opacities in the lung.
Obstructive conduct can vary widely in nature, degree of planning, and seriousness.
Obstructive jaundice is caused by the blocking of the bile ducts.
Obstructive nephropathy is also a significant cause of renal insufficency in the adult.
Obstructive nephropathy is exemplified by bilateral kidney stones and diseases of the prostate .
Obstructive response is characterized by denial, hiding evidence, and stonewalling investigations.
Obstructive uropathy is common at all ages.
An obstruent is a consonant
Obstruents are one of the two major classes of consonants, the other being sonorants .
All obstruents are voiceless unaspirated.
Obtain account balances anytime.
Obtain business skills with business minor or work experience.
Obtain examination results from the instructor.
Obtain laboratory samples from both inpatients and outpatients.
Obtain life skills.
Obtain parking passes for the east garage for students on call.
Obtain price quotes from three vendors to determine reasonable competition.
Obtain progress reports from chapters on awards programs.
Obtain reproduction releases for classified documents and copyrights before printing or duplicating.
Obtain sales forecast on a weekly and monthly basis.
Obtain visitor passes at the Hospital Information Desk.
Obtain visitor passes for the best deal possible.
Obtained image is representative of density repartition in the cut plane.
Obtained results allow to observe directions and range of Penguin Island shifting.
Obtained results are very interesting.
Obtained results indicate on the change of contact conditions.
Obtained score is consisted of true score and error.
Obtect pupae are most characteristic of moths and butterflies.
Many obtect pupae are enclosed within a cocoon.
Obtetric patients deliver at the center.
Obtrusive behavior includes physical victimization such as strip and body-cavity searches.
An obtuse angle is an angle
Obtuse angles are angles that are bigger than right angles.
An obtuse triangle is a triangle
Obtuse triangles can be right triangles.
Obtuse triangles work just as well.
Obvious answers are to have a sale if today is a holiday or some other special occasion.
Some obvious answers lie in facts.
Obvious applications are in networking, scheduling, and data mining.
Obvious applications exist in engineering problems.
Obvious areas are bathrooms, basements, and in the refrigerator.
Obvious arsons are in the last category.
Obvious aspects are the hardware, software, design, promotion and training aspects.
Most obvious benefits are with back or joint pain, fatigue and respiratory problems.
Obvious buttons combine with a landing pad for running operation.
Obvious candidates are creatives, CEO types and trend setters.
Obvious candidates are main tracks and signalled sidings.
Obvious cases are Lebanon and the old Yugoslavia.
Obvious cases are the common garden mole and the armadillo.
Obvious changes are the absence of the front cover, photos and chapter dividers in the main text.
Obvious changes are the addition of wings.
Most obvious changes are balanced audio inputs and a flip-out LCD screen.
Obvious choices are books and educational toys and other media.
Obvious choices are political science, history and economics.
Obvious choices are the fall genome meetings.
Obvious colours are hot, from blocks and strands of lighter highlights to more dramatic colours.
Obvious concern is the bootcamp building is set for demolition.
Obvious confusion is met with hilarity - over again.
Obvious contradictions exist in the modern versions of the vampire myth.
Obvious conventioneers are prime targets for thieves.
Obvious corner wear on all four corners with no creases.
Obvious corruption has a negative effect on the game.
Some obvious dangers come to mind immediately.
Obvious deficiencies can cause delays for re-certification.
Some obvious deficiencies exist in respect of the latter.
Obvious deformity makes the diagnosis easier.
Obvious differences are age, gender, race, and physical ability.
Obvious differences exist in milk composition and yield among various breeds of dairy cattle.
Obvious drawbacks are the weight of the system and needing to pound the stakes in.
Obvious duplications are obvious things to look at more closely.
Obvious effects are good for short periods, subtle effects are good for long periods.
Obvious example is the analysis of chemical kinetics of complex chemical reaction.
Obvious examples are a decision to trans-ship cargo or to beach the vessel.
Obvious examples are an invoice or a collection letter.
Obvious examples are manufacturing defects and the Earth's atmosphere.
Obvious examples are microwaves, cameras and anything with a digital clock.
Obvious examples are numeric methods, statistics, and abstract data structures.
Obvious examples are people who are parts of armies, ethnic groups, unions, etc.
Obvious examples are secretarial, computing, cookery and business studies.
Obvious examples are the family home, cars and furniture.
Obvious examples are the vitamin biosynthetic pathways in bacteria.
Obvious examples occur in avionics, railway signalling, process control and medical applications.
More obvious example is our course programme .
Some obvious examples are . . .
Some obvious examples come to mind, like dairy and beef products.
Obvious fakes are obvious.
More obvious fears lie on the plane of cultural identity and tradition.
Most obvious feature is the variation of sunspot number.
Obvious fix is to strip suid bit, which is most likely to break it.
Obvious gaps are serious faults.
Some obvious injuries require explanations.
Some obvious interpretations prohibit the behavior of existing hosts.
Obvious misbehaviour brings the risk of permanent removal of all following publications.
Obvious movements have to be trained, but most of the work is on basics.
Obvious needs are for food, clothing, shelter, and love.
Obvious needs are solenoid, beam- beam, and thick cavity elements.
Obvious nervousness can prove to be detrimental.
Obvious omissions are always suspect.
Obvious omissions exist.
Some obvious omissions are the essay, the pastoral, biography and autobiography, and satire.
Obvious ones are chemicals, cleaning products, and pesticides.
Obvious ones are employee disciplinary actions, layoffs and downsizing.
Obvious ones mat be cruel, tyrannical, vicious, fiercesome troublemakers, even dictators.
Some obvious ones are location and office hours.
Obvious overlap exists, and the agencies already share information.
Obvious passages go west, east, ne, and nw.
Obvious places are in all exterior walls and the ceiling immediately below the attic area.
Obvious places are the shallows and ledges where the lake drops off to deeper water.
Obvious places are their homes and common-use areas such as parks and playgrounds.
Obvious plantings are banana, panama hat plant, begonia.
Some obvious possibilities are that it coincides with our value of preferring white collar jobs.
Obvious questions arise.
Obvious questions come to mind.
Obvious questions relate to the partner's background in the industry.
Obvious questions remain about how exactly to translate witness into action.
Some obvious questions arise.
Some obvious questions come to mind when considering wireless networking.
Some obvious questions come to mind.
Obvious risks are no real threat, given a reasonably alert management.
Obvious sellouts lower the number, obscure references increase it.
Obvious signs are fretfulness after a feeding or gnawing of fists.
More obvious signs are the smell of marijuana or the odor of alcohol.
Obvious solutions are frequently wrong.
Obvious stress is harmful enough.
Obvious suggestions are to communicate often, to close quickly, clean thoroughly, pack well.
Obvious symptoms are scratches, cuts, bruises, burns, and broken bones.
All obvious theorems are true.
Obvious things are interactive quizzes and assignments.
Obvious things go unreported fairly often.
Most obvious things are being done - Best potential left are programs related to carpooling c.
Obvious trauma is that which is associated with impact such as auto and sports injuries.
Obvious troll is obvious.
Obvious underwear is a distracting no-no.
Obvious uses involve buildings, which consume two-thirds of the nation's electricity.
Obvious violations can result in the customer being immediately disabled.
Obvious ways are phone calls and letters.
Obvious words are kibosh, shlep, goy, shmuck, chutzpa, bagel.
Obviously cars are big-ticket items.
Obviously children are capable of learning to like and accept a wide variety of foods.
Obviously education is recognized universally as beneficial.
Obviously education is the key.
Obviously facilities are a problem.
Obviously floors are a normal and customary incident in both industry and the home.
Obviously generators don t like to sell power at a price lower than their cost to generate it.
Obviously justification is the kernel of the gospel.
Obviously nutrition is just as important as in the older child.
Obviously things are a lot different than they used to be.
Obviously things are more optimistic now.
Obviously things are very down after such a situation.
Obviously time is of the essence from our standpoint.
All OCAD information is available in both French and English.
Occaisonal highwaymen roam the provinces hijacking and ransoming passersby, but nothing too drastic.
An occasion is an occurrence
Occasion agree during none suppliers after are shopping.
Occasion exist West from none breath throughout little wood.
Occasion get around few silence before catch birthday gift for mother.
Occasion is a great matter.
Occasion is sudden wealth.
Occasion is the ascendancy thereof.
Occasion isa happening.
Occasion isa occurrence.
Occasion produces the man.
Occasions are business.
Occasions are human activities.
Occasions are opportunity.
Occasions are reason.
Occasions are special.
Occasions are time.
Occasions arise where good husbandry and good veterinary care come in conflict.
Occasions can occur every year or weekly.
Occasions Click on an occasion below to view an assortment of product selections.
Occasions don t get any bigger, and celebrations don t get any more blissful.
Occasions have contact.
Occasions include many food tradition.
Occasions include tradition.
Occasions occasionally demand otherwise, or impose themselves.
Occasions requiring the possession of quarters are endless.
Occasions Say it with flowers.
Occasions take places.
Occasions Welcome to the Miscellaneous section of Electronic Greetings.
All Occasions Let's read on.
All occasions note card - quality card stock with color photography.
All occasions note card - with watercolor rendition.
Any occasion becomes special with a delightful floating candle.
Any occasion can be a reason to celebrate.
Any occasion is good enough to gather with friends, make a feast and spend a lovely day in nature.
Any occasion is good enough to make 'ariselu'.
Every occasion has an appropriate weapon.
Every occasion is the first occasion and the last occasion.
Every occasion is the last occasion.
Many occasions are just right for rose plants as gifts.
Many occasions arise for special music such as vocal solos, instrumental solos, and small ensembles.
Many occasions arise which require the disinfection of small quantities of drinking water.
Many occasions call for an alcohol-free alternative.
Many occasions present themselves for planning a party or group activity.
Most occasions have contact.
Most occasions take places.
Some occasions are just too noteworthy to pass up.
Some occasions call for bubbly.
Some occasions demand it.
Some occasions lead to death.
Some occasions lead to early death.
Some occasions provide unique opportunities for change.
Some occasions transcend special interests.
Occasional absences are due more to family obligations rather than a lack of motivation.
Occasional absences are unavoidable.
Occasional absences are understandable.
Occasional access is the best option, since cellular access charges by the minute, and is expensive.
Occasional accidentals provide harmonic motion.
Occasional anglers dot the terrain.
Occasional animals become killers of livestock and young deer.
Occasional articles address theory- building or policy issues.
Occasional articles offer advice and information about the job market for mathematicians.
Occasional assistance is needed in planning and hosting meetings, conferences and rallies.
Occasional attacks pose little threat, although the pain can be intense and alarming.
Occasional attacks pose little threat, but the pain can be intense and alarming.
Occasional attacks pose little threat.
Occasional babies can be snappy, but they are small and the bites are harmless.
Occasional bathing helps keep their coat soft, smelling pretty and free of excessive oil.
Occasional bathing helps to remove excess oil from the coat.
Occasional bathing is recommended with a shampoo formulated for dogs.
Occasional boulders tumble from the ice face amid a constant cascade of gravel.
Occasional branches emerge white and violet.
Occasional care is best for irregular, sometimes unpredictable, child-care needs.
Occasional care is most beneficial for irregular, sometimes unpredictable, child-care needs.
Occasional cases result from a translocation in the chromosomes of one parent.
Occasional ceremonies highlight the presentation of awards or the honoring of a distinguished guest.
Occasional clouds soar across the sky only to dissolve and disappear again.
Occasional collectible finds.
Occasional complications occur with cerebral forms.
Occasional conflict is both inevitable and healthy.
Occasional connections occur between the outer and inner membranes forming the nuclear pores.
Occasional construction sketches.
Occasional contact is made with parents, community groups and employers.
Occasional contact occurs with the general public to exchange information.
Occasional crash brings a smile on the face.
Occasional creativity comes from the struggles.
Occasional cultivation can disperse root fragments.
Occasional cyclones mean few crops other than sugar can be grown.
Occasional cyclones strike the islands during the wet season.
Occasional danger sighs.
Occasional deer pass through the area, and a pair of silver fox have been observed.
Any occasional delays are most likely due to weather or production problems.
Occasional demonstrations accompany the lectures.
Occasional desserts add fun to a carefully selected, well balanced diet .
Occasional developers can just get the most recent source tree snapshot from ftp.postgresql.org.
Occasional disappointments are inevitable.
Occasional disconnects are a fact of life on the Internet.
Occasional dissonance suggests the dissonance of premature death.
Occasional doses can be helpful, promoting rest and relaxation by breaking the cycle of pain.
Occasional drawings highlight some points.
Occasional drinks are okay.
Occasional drought is a normal, recurrent feature of virtually every climate in the United States.
Occasional droughts can reduce the levels of water supplies necessitating rationing by lock-off.
Occasional emphasis is on fictional precursors or special issues in prose fiction.
Occasional enforcement is needed to supplement the speed trailers.
Occasional entertainment is provided by school musical groups and other organizations.
Occasional entertainment is provided.
Occasional entries mention the hire of black laborers.
Occasional errors say more about proofreading than mastery of grammar.
Occasional excesses are part of a normal learning curve.
Occasional exhaustion is part of a demanding lifestyle.
Occasional explosions eject boombs on the lower south flank of the central cone.
Occasional failure is okay.
Occasional failure is the price of improvement.
Occasional failure is the price of success.
Occasional fertilization is a deliberately vague term.
Occasional fields attract bobwhite quail, weasel, white-tailed deer and cottontail rabbits.
Occasional fieldwork is possible.
Occasional files contain additional documents or correspondence.
Occasional findings indicate evidence of partial, complex seizures.
Occasional fire rings on the trail itself show the limited camping possibilities.
Occasional fires stimulate spring growth of the sedges while setting back invading woody vegetation.
Occasional flashes show momentary malfunctions.
Occasional flickers sheet a sky turned dull, lit up by little else than recollection.
Occasional flooding is tolerated if it is temporary.
Occasional flowers occur at other times of the year.
Occasional frosts occur.
Occasional gametes work perfectly.
Occasional gatherings make monitoring seem more like a social event.
Occasional generosity is insufficient.
Occasional gravity collapses still cause ash hurricanes that can run to the sea.
Occasional guests appear, such as caterers and experts in various ethnic cuisines.
Occasional guests are welcome.
Occasional guidance is given when feasible.
Occasional hairballs are nothing to be concerned about.
Occasional halitosis can affect everyone else.
Occasional headaches trouble many women in early pregnancy.
Occasional heartburn is nothing to be concerned about.
Occasional heartburn is treatable.
Occasional help is needed to assist with computer input and posting of pledges and contributions.
Occasional holdups occur in restaurants elsewhere.
Occasional hurricanes produce major storms and flooding.
Occasional individuals are found in the field which appear to be hybrids.
Occasional individuals occur each year in more northern states.
Occasional inequity is inevitable in every marriage.
Occasional injuries stem from industrial use either as a solid or as a vapor.
Most occasional invaders are just that - invaders.
Some occasional invaders make life.
Some occasional invaders make miserable life.
Occasional jokes are welcome.
Occasional justice is no justice.
Occasional laboratory exercises.
Occasional laboratory provides hands-on experiences with lasers.
Occasional leniencies cause confusion.
Occasional lessons seem to have inadequate explanation.
Occasional light foxing, one page has lower blank margin cut away with no loss of text.
Occasional light stain here and there.
Occasional masturbation is a normal behavior of many infants and preschoolers.
Occasional masturbation is a normal behavior of many toddlers and preschoolers.
Occasional mistakes are inevitable, and part of the learning process.
Occasional mixers are for both groups.
Occasional monitoring is the only further treatment planned.
Occasional night viewings.
Occasional noise is fine, but continual noise can be very distracting.
Occasional numbness is noted along the left arm and forearm in no discrete distribution.
Occasional opportunities exist for guest writers to contribute.
Occasional ospreys visit the lake.
Occasional overtime is required during the summer.
Occasional overtime is required.
Occasional pages are full of text.
Occasional papers discuss topics in greater detail.
Occasional parking is always available to faculty.
Occasional parts take off, but fall, sloppily, into simpler patterns or simple speed repetition.
Occasional participants are students who attended one to three SI sessions.
Occasional passengers ride on a space-available basis and pay a set fee per trip.
Occasional patients benefit from invasive therapies.
Occasional patients can present with clinical features of both glucagonoma and gastrinoma.
Occasional patients do have nausea on beta blockers.
Occasional patients have features of asthma as well.
Occasional patients have long remissions after therapy but most patients die within a few months.
Occasional patients have trouble breathing or a rash.
Occasional patients have vascular problems, but much less common.
Occasional patients respond well.
Occasional pauses are ok - cache flushes, accessing of swap files, etc.
Occasional pencil drawing illustrations help bring animal characters to life.
Occasional percussion is provided by wooden slit gongs and hand drums.
Occasional performances give children a voice in worship services.
Occasional persons do appear to have substantial vestibular toxicity from Vancomycin.
Occasional polygamy is noted in some males.
Occasional posts appear about the use of plants in bioremediation and in water treatment.
Occasional poverty causes a four-point IQ drop.
Occasional problems are unavoidable.
Occasional problems do arise at some places, however.
Occasional problems do occur with prairie rattlesnakes.
Occasional problems exist with international operations.
Occasional problems occur with hildegard , the server connected to it.
Occasional programs are open to high school graduates.
Occasional projection helps to keep slides dry and free form fungus.
Occasional publications cover topics of special interest such as conference proceedings.
Occasional quizzes are also a possibility.
Occasional raids occur, in which wounds and death result.
Occasional rain is common there during the summer.
Occasional rain is observed.
Occasional rain is possible.
Occasional rain is predicted for the next several days.
Occasional rainfall is experienced throughout the year.
Occasional readings take place in nearby churches.
Occasional relief supports family stability and well-being.
Occasional restraints are necessary.
Occasional rollerbladers glide between the gridlocked lanes of frozen traffic.
Occasional sales held at venues for a day can cause problems.
Occasional sales support back-up.
Occasional sales work.
Occasional scenarios are pirated, therefore all picture producers are pirates.
Occasional scholarships are also available to upperclassmen on the recommendation of music faculty.
Occasional scintillations are brighter when the alpha particles pass through rarified nitrogen.
Occasional sessions work with costume models.
Occasional shorebirds occur if the water gets low enough.
Occasional shots are so absurd they're just plain funny.
Occasional showers are likely.
Occasional showers are possible.
Occasional showers herald the change of season.
Occasional small animals become prey.
Occasional smokers is ok.
Occasional smokers smoke cigarettes.
Most occasional smokers smoke cigarettes.
Occasional sneezes are normal.
Occasional snow brings breathless beauty to the mountains, but roads and paths are quickly cleared.
Occasional speakers talk on topics relevant to the group.
Occasional specimens have a long, slender apex.
Occasional specimens show orange-red.
Occasional storms can produce very heavy rainfall.
Occasional storms drive waves and sands so forcefully that beach and shoreline change dramatically.
Occasional storms move waves and sand with such great force that beaches and shorelines change.
Occasional storms roll through, but most days are calm and clear.
Occasional strays wander as far north as Missouri and Kentucky.
Occasional streams run from the glaciers to lakes permanently covered with ice.
Occasional students register for, and complete, only selected modules.
Occasional sun breaks.
Occasional sunlight is good, to prevent the growth of fungi.
Occasional syndicates advise on major questions of current importance.
Occasional thunderstorms are possible.
Occasional times are available.
Occasional training is offered to help servers understand their function and purpose of visitations.
Occasional travel is required for interaction with existing and future customers.
Occasional travel is required for new installations, but work is primarily in the office.
Occasional travel is required to make engineering job site evaluations, vendor inspections, etc.
Occasional travel is required.
Occasional travel requires private means of transportation.
Some occasional travel is required.
Occasional treats are fine.
Occasional treats are relished by lories.
Occasional trees produce yellowish-green strobili.
Occasional trimming helps keep the plant growing vigorously and helps to promote more blooms.
Occasional trips are possible to sketch landscapes.
Occasional trouble falling or staying asleep is normal and usually due to transient stress.
Occasional trucks provide rides.
Occasional tubules contain granular casts.
Occasional tumors contain only two or one of the elements.
Occasional use can be highly effective for specified minor, usually self-limiting conditions.
Occasional use can lead to frequent use.
Occasional use is acceptable.
Occasional use is defined as using the station five times or less in a six month period.
Occasional use is harmless.
Occasional use is made of artificial earthen banks and bridges over small streams.
Occasional use is made of videotaped lectures.
Occasional use is made of videotapes other visual material.
Occasional use is made of videotapes slides, and other visual materials.
Occasional use is made of videotapes.
Occasional use is no more of a health problem than the occasional use of alcohol.
Occasional use turns into heavy use with time.
Occasional users can select a layout configured for view, markup and limited modelling interaction.
Occasional users receive an invoice, which includes a small video billing surcharge.
Occasional vacancies occur from funded grants.
Occasional vagrants enter territory.
Most occasional vagrants enter territory.
Occasional visits are possible by special arrangement.
Some occasional visitors feed on aggressive fish.
Some occasional visitors feed on fish.
Some occasional visitors feed on large aggressive fish.
Some occasional visitors feed on large fish.
Occasional vomiting can be a difficult case.
Occasional withdrawal is healthy.
Occasional yeast is normal.
Occassionally abscesses can form at the injection site.
Occassionally homework is recorded on problem diskettes.
Occidental players enjoy one of the premier training facilities in the area.
Occidental politeness is based on a certain mythology of the 'person'.
Occidental prices are all in gold, with many items listed at fractions of a gold piece.
Occidental students can take advantage of dozens of internship opportunities.
Occidental also offers a graduation guarantee.
Occidental is a funny place.
Occidental is a national liberal arts college with a broadly diverse student body and faculty.
Occidental is a phenomenal school with a faculty and academic program second to none.
Occidental is a very special place.
Occidental is highly selective in the admission of students.
Occidental is involved in two other environmentally destructive projects.
Occidental is now the largest hotel operator in the Caribbean.
Occidental is one of only a few highly ranked liberal arts colleges located near a major urban area.
Occidental is the only liberal arts college to receive funding.
Occidental now pumps and sells oil from that oil field.
Occidental operates on a semester schedule.
Occidental recognizes the outside pressures faced by the U'wa.
Occidental takes over control of Elk Hills from the U.S. government.
Occidental wants to get back into Libya in a big way.
Occidentals are inhabitants.
Occidentals say bon appetit.
An occidentalism is quality
Occidentalism represents adversarial compulsion from the East.
Occipital corners denticulate with a second denticle on the occipital margin close to the corner.
Occipital involvement is characteristic, with sparing of the periventricular regions.
An occipital lobe is a lobe
Occipital lobe helps process visual information.
Occipital lobes receive and process visual information.
Occipital neuralgia is caused by a pinched occipital nerve.
Occipital neuralgia is commonly a result of spasm of the cervical paraspinal muscles.
Occipital neuralgia occurs more often in women than men.
Occipital ridge is moderate and less prominent.
An occiput is a bone
Occiput are blue.
Occluded fronts bring changeable weather conditions.
Occluded fronts have an area of warm air aloft.
Occluded virus appears in nucleus and continues to accumulate until the cells lyse.
An occlusion is an attack
Occlusion has the same impact here as in the previous case.
Occlusion is checked by pulling the cheek outward and having the person bite down normally.
Occlusion is the most common complication with all types of access grafts.
Occlusion occurs only to the extent that surfaces are opaque.
Occlusion occurs when all of the drug product that is available has been collected.
Occlusion refers to closure.
Occlusion remains the major untreated disease in dentistry.
Occlusions are attacks.
Occlusions are positions.
Occlusions Sounds that originate from a sound source behind a wall or door or other solitary object.
All occlusion is temporary occlusion.
Occlusive dressings are unnecessary.
Occlusive effect promotes healing procedures.
Occlusive is an obstruent
Occlusives are oily substances, such as petroleum jelly, mineral oil, and lanolin.
Occult bleeding is very rare.
Occult blood is hidden from the eye but is nontheless present and can be detected by chemical tests.
Most occult shops offer an array of incense blends.
An occult is practice
Occult symbolisms in cartoons are extremely prevalent.
An occultation is a break
Occultation comes from the word occult, which means to hide.
Occultation is the moving of one body in front of another.
Occultation occurs when a planet moves in front of a star.
Occultations allow asteroid shapes and sizes to be determined.
Occultations are events when the moon or a planet covers another object.
Occultations can provide information about the existence and measurements of the obscuring object.
Occultations involve other bodies as well.
Occultations occur when a planet, asteroid, or moon moves between the Earth and a distant star.
Occultations occur when a satellite moves behind Jupiter as seen from the Earth.
Occultations occur when one celestial body passes in front of another.
Occultations occur when one celestial object passes in front of another celestial object.
Occultations occur when one object blocks our view of another object.
All occultations are equal in duration.
Some occultations are eclipses .
Some occultations are eclipses.
Occultic activity is also on the rise today.
All Occultic groups are anti-Christian.
An occultism is supernaturalism
Occultism can never be an end in itself.
Occultism is a reflex-action to the subjectification of all meaning, the complement of reification.
Occultism is the metaphysic of dunces.
Occultism is the study of occult.
Occultisms are discipline.
Occultisms are supernaturalism.
Occultism often involves drugs, idolatry and sexual perversion.
An occultist is a person
Occultists are people.
Occultists become long-haired rednecks.
Occultists believe they can tap into clairvoyant experiences in the hypnagogic.
Occultists claim that if one concentrates hard enough while gazing, one can conjure up the dead.
Occultists continue to go after psychic phenomena.
Occultists know that there is a flame in the skull at the base of the brain.
Occultists rightly feel drawn towards childishly monstrous scientific fantasies.
Many occultists advise dietary changes, expecially the non-eating of meat.
Many occultists associate the four seasons with the four cardinal points, as well.
Many occultists believe they can consciously change their genetic material.
Most Occultists are deeply committed to Christian beliefs.
Some occultists prefer to describe the magical elements as tattvas according to the Eastern system.
Some occultists regard the area as a psychic power center.
Some occultists suggest everything can be similarly arranged into related opposite pairs.
Occum soils are nearly level soils on flood plains, along rivers and streams.
Occupancy cost is the second highest corporate expense.
Occupancy costs includes rents, property tax and maintenance costs.
Occupancy grids are just a way of representing world information in a grid format.
Occupancy sensors are particularly effective in areas that have no set pattern for occupancy.
Occupancy sensors are usually either wall or ceiling mounted.
Occupancy sensors control the dorms' lights.
Occupancy sensors detect the presence or absence of people and turn lights on and off accordingly.
Occupancy sensors dim unused areas.
Occupancy sensors open fresh air supply dampers.
Most occupancy sensors operate by sensing heat or motion.
Occupancy begins and ends at noon on the assigned days.
Occupancy begins to exceed the long-term average.
Occupancy can limit the communication bandwidth.
Occupancy can occur sooner.
Occupancy can then occur.
Occupancy comes and goes.
Occupancy currently includes many species of birds, gray squirrels and daily visits from raccoons.
Occupancy is a residence
Occupancy is an easy concept.
Occupancy is based on the number of bedrooms in a unit.
Occupancy is based on two people per room.
Occupancy is based upon availability.
Occupancy is by rental agreement.
Occupancy is by specific application only.
Occupancy is calculated based on a predetermined rate calculated by the shift day.
Occupancy is converted to density using a variable g which varies as function of occupancy.
Occupancy is defined as actual physical resident days.
Occupancy is determined by the lane used.
Occupancy is determined through homesteading, lottery and pulling-in.
Occupancy is down, and the old-timers are working harder to fill rooms.
Occupancy is for single or double only.
Occupancy is from season to season.
Occupancy is hard to interpret.
Occupancy is immediate.
Occupancy is initiated at the moment of signing the contract-the rental agreement.
Occupancy is limited from two to five nights with a maximum of two persons to a room.
Occupancy is limited to a maximum of two weeks.
Occupancy is limited to four adults and their children.
Occupancy is limited to four to six guests at a time.
Occupancy is limited to number shown in the lease.
Occupancy is limited to one year.
Occupancy is limited to six per unit.
Occupancy is limited to six.
Occupancy is limited to the number of beds provided in the cabin.
Occupancy is limited to the number of sleeping spaces in a cottage.
Occupancy is limited to two years.
Occupancy is lowest in the early morning, late afternoon, and late evening.
Occupancy is measured every quarter second.
Occupancy is projected for late summer.
Occupancy is residency.
Occupancy is restricted to guests or persons employed on the premises.
Occupancy is restricted to seniors, and cooking facilities are available.
Occupancy is restricted to single-parent or married students, their spouses and children.
Occupancy is subject to availability, and size of household is considered when assignments are made.
Occupancy is the percentage of time that a detector is indicating the presence of a vehicle.
Occupancy is two students per room.
Occupancy sensing adjusts set points when spaces are unoccupied.
Every occupancy is required to have access to a minimum of one fire extinguisher.
Occupant complaints are numerous due to unsatisfactory space temperature control.
Occupant education is a key element in a sucessful home.
Occupant fatalities are still up, however.
Occupant involvement enhances credibility and helps to ensure success.
Occupant protection reduces injury in automobile crashes.
Occupant rebound occurs, where the head finally speeds up and catches up with the rest of the body.
Occupant safety is a major concern when operating an unvented combustion heater.
Occupant safety is a major concern.
An occupant is an inhabitant
Occupant isa dweller.
Occupant isa inhabitant.
Occupant pays part of cable, and phone.
Occupants also have access to automatic washers, dryers and kitchens located on every floor.
Occupants are able to walk around the house while being secure from outside intrusion.
Occupants are active participants in the intramural sports.
Occupants are free to use alternative services.
Occupants are located in houses.
Occupants are mostly students and senior citizens.
Occupants are responsible for clean-up of their parking spaces.
Occupants are responsible for installation, removal, and all expenses of such telephone service.
Occupants are responsible for keeping trash and litter picked up.
Occupants are responsible for making sure their units are secure.
Occupants are responsible for removing every chemical from the space to be vacated.
Occupants are responsible for taking their trash, boxes, etc., to the dumpster area.
Occupants are responsible for testing and maintaining smoke detectors within their living quarters.
Occupants are responsible for the care of school property in the rooms they occupy.
Occupants are responsible for the maintenance of exits intended for their exclusive use.
Occupants are to post an all-clear sign on their door after it has been checked.
Occupants can be a combination of owners and renters.
Occupants can be carriers of communicable diseases and allergens such as pet dander.
Occupants can manipulate lighting affects at night from a control box inside the tesseract.
Occupants can strap themselves in to their chairs if appropriate .
Occupants can toggle the light on or off.
Occupants can use their personal calling card in order to make long distance calls from their rooms.
Occupants come and go.
Occupants endure a maximum of scrutiny with a minimum of autonomy.
Occupants feel a special bond.
Occupants feel definite strains against seat belts and shoulder straps.
Occupants feel definite strains against seat belts or shoulder straps.
Occupants feel too cold or too warm.
Occupants feel warmer immediately and no longer have to wait for the entire room to become warm.
Occupants gain headroom in the new design due to the raised height of the roof.
Occupants have (part) arms.
Occupants have (part) body substances.
Occupants have (part) cell membranes.
Occupants have (part) cells.
Occupants have (part) corpi.
Occupants have (part) cytoplasm.
Occupants have (part) heads.
Occupants have (part) human bodies.
Occupants have (part) legs.
Occupants have (part) material bodies.
Occupants have (part) necks.
Occupants have (part) nuclei.
Occupants have (part) personality.
Occupants have (part) plasma membranes.
Occupants have (part) sections.
Occupants have (part) vacuoles.
Occupants have both a front and back yard.
Occupants have free use of shower and bathroom facilities in the nearby camping area.
Occupants participate in cookouts, sporting activities, and homecoming activities.
Occupants range from retirees to young families.
Occupants report an experience of emotional warmth and peace.
Occupants ride in a semi-standing position, like on a skateboard.
Occupants search their own areas.
Occupants share a closet.
Occupants use central facilities .
All occupants are no more than thirty feet from a source of daylight.
All occupants have three-point harnesses.
All occupants have three-point safety harnesses.
All occupants meet established income guidelines.
All occupants use same box number.
Every occupant can see forward through the front windows and down through the dashboard windows.
Every occupant enjoys direct visual access to an outside wall for natural light.
Many occupants admit feeling a strong presence in their homes.
Many occupants are too frightened to complain about the conditions for fear of being thrown out.
Most occupants use manual controls, and doing so saves energy.
Some occupants give consent.
Some occupants move hands.
Some occupants possess dogs.
Some occupants use beaks.
More occupant.caltech.edu information is available.
Occupation forces destroy Jerusalem houses, prevent Christians from pilgrimage.
Occupation forces intensify attacks on Palestinian police stations in Gaza.
An occupation is an activity
Occupation appears as last section on form.
Occupation appears to read music man.
Occupation can be immediate, minimizing downtime in renovation areas.
Occupation can lead to abuse of human rights and confiscation of property.
Occupation characterizes the dignity and uniqueness of humanity.
Occupation clearly ranks second.
Occupation comes from the Latin occupare , to take over or possess.
Occupation comes from the verb to occupy, to do.
Occupation Enter what is listed as it is spelled .
Occupation establishes one's identity.
Occupation has a regular and full-time employment.
Occupation Indicates the occupation of the injured person.
Occupation is a concrete term for continuity.
Occupation is a good example of an objective definition of class.
Occupation is a good word.
Occupation is a key indicator of socio-economic status.
Occupation is a key source of prestige ranking.
Occupation is a military word.
Occupation is abbreviation for carpenter.
Occupation is about organized, deliberately planned violence by the occupier against the occupied.
Occupation is about the money.
Occupation is another variable used to detect trends.
Occupation is collected to help analyze our audience.
Occupation is defined as one's regular, principal, or immediate business.
Occupation is difficult to read.
Occupation is essential.
Occupation is figured on every person with a job including non-paid family workers.
Occupation is illegal.
Occupation is illegible.
Occupation is listed as carpenter.
Occupation is listed as farmer.
Occupation is listed as writted and extends down to the next typed occupation.
Occupation is no longer a reason for exemption.
Occupation is no measure of character.
Occupation is obviously a mistake.
Occupation is one of the most significant role, attitude and behavior indicators.
Occupation is open.
Occupation is part of possession.
Occupation is possibly smith.
Occupation is rape on a national scale.
Occupation is recorded in birth cert.
Occupation is smeared and illegible.
Occupation is the cause of our problem.
Occupation is the goal and method of therapy.
Occupation is the principal exception.
Occupation is to be forgotten.
Occupation is unclear.
Occupation is visible as output from the system.
Occupation is what the market values.
Occupation isa activity.
Occupation knows no mercy.
Occupation lists papers on occupational hazards.
Occupation matters Certain jobs, specifically bartenders and waitresses, have higher rates.
Occupation only provides a rough measure of exposure, which can vary within the occupational group.
Occupation refers to respondent's occupation.
Occupation refers to tenancies where rent is paid to the owner of the property.
Occupation requires dehumanization.
Occupation requires violence.
Occupations also appear in some.
Occupations are activities.
Occupations are also important.
Occupations are by categories.
Occupations are diverse and cover many walks of life.
Occupations are essential to optimal functioning.
Occupations are essentially mass sit-ins, which are most effective when planned in secret.
Occupations are incidental to a calling.
Occupations are mainly cooks, nurses, carpenters, and hospital attendants.
Occupations are social control.
Occupations are time periods.
Occupations can be cross-referenced to appropriate colleges and technical schools.
Occupations Click the answer button to see the answer.
Occupations depend on factors.
Occupations develop communities of their own with unique language, customs, and folklore.
Occupations dictate the level or provision of training as well.
Occupations differ on a wide range of abilities.
Occupations do exist in which a person with a disability can find employment.
Occupations end and begin again.
Occupations engage the whole person.
Occupations fit together to build a framework for life.
Occupations have education requirements.
Occupations have positive education requirements.
Occupations have requirements.
Occupations have restrictions.
Occupations involve direct exposure.
Occupations involve exposure.
Occupations known to increase risk include janitors, mechanics, miners, printers, and hair-dressers.
Occupations link to educational programs, and they link to schools.
Occupations listed include accountant, architect, auctioneer, contractor, engineer, and many more.
Occupations range from accountancy and astrology to tapestry designing and weaving.
Occupations range from chef to therapist.
Occupations range from highly paid professionals to unskilled trades.
Occupations range from service industries to managerial and professional fields.
Occupations range from student to systems engineers homemakers to auto mechanics worldwide.
Occupations related to social studies range from archeologist to professor.
Occupations require workers.
Occupations run the gamut, and ages span from teens to seniors.
Occupations vary from marine biologist to naval architect to lifeguard.
Occupations vary widely for board members with some notable changes.
Occupations vary, but include several nurses and teachers.
Occupation always has a time limit and the faster it is completed, the better.
All occupations are covered, only the highest management category is excluded.
All occupations have certain training and education requirements.
All occupations qualify and no medical exam is required.
Any occupation involves some sort of interaction between the rulers and the subjects.
Every occupation has a language that is unique to itself.
Every occupation has a purpose, obviously.
Every occupation requires some combination of general education and specific vocational preparation.
Every occupation serves some purpose and is useful.
Every occupation uses some type of tool, machine, or piece of equipment.
Many occupations are also more challenging than they used to be.
Many occupations are dangerous yet they remain legal.
Many occupations demand the development of new information.
Many occupations have an increased risk for developing lung cancer.
Many occupations have professional organizations that promote, serve, and represent their members.
Many occupations list current salary data in their trade journals.
Many occupations require direct experience with and knowledge of science.
Many occupations require graduate study.
Many occupations require people to be outdoors at least part of the time.
Many occupations require some type of government requirement.
Many occupations require specific tools.
Many occupations require team players and science is a prime example.
Many occupations require the use of mathematics.
Most occupations are a combination of two or three themes.
Most occupations are clerical in nature.
Most occupations depend on factors.
Most occupations have education requirements.
Most occupations have positive education requirements.
Most occupations have requirements.
Most occupations have restrictions.
Most occupations involve direct exposure.
Most occupations involve exposure.
Most occupations require workers.
Some occupations adhere to additional standards for apprenticeship.
Some occupations also require licensing from state agencies.
Some occupations are, by their nature, stressful.
Some occupations depend upon drawings using mathematical techniques.
Some occupations get prefferential treatment.
Some occupations have high unemployment rates.
Some occupations involve samples.
Some occupations recommend wearing masks.
Some occupations require additional training, leading to a master s degree or even a doctorate.
Some occupations require exams.
Some occupations require intensity.
Some occupations require lengthy and extensive travelling.
Some occupations require manual dexterity and familiarity with specialized equipment.
Some occupations require services to be performed off premises.
Some occupations require specific subjects such as algebra, blueprint reading or related shop work.
Some occupations require very specialized resumes.
Some occupations requiring work experience are supervisory or managerial occupations.
Some occupations seem to attract people with a characteristic spectrum of sensitivities.
Occupational accidents are harder to define when they occur in the home.
Occupational analysts conduct research, generally in large firms.
Occupational asthma affects only a minority of workers.
Occupational asthma can result in severe and potentially fatal breathing problems.
Occupational asthma can take weeks, months or even years to develop.
Occupational asthma is a notifiable disease in Western Australia and is compensable.
Occupational asthma is a type of asthma caused by exposure to inhaled irritants in the workplace.
Occupational asthma is a very real illness and can take months or years to manifest.
Occupational asthma is associated with repeated exposure to the work environment.
Occupational asthma is asthma contracted in the workplace.
Occupational asthma is one disease for which exposure is part of the case definition.
Occupational asthma is the most frequent occupation alrespiratory disease diagnosis.
Occupational asthma is treated like other asthma, following the six point plan.
Occupational asthma is treated like other asthma, following the six-point plan.
Occupational asthma represents a mixed category.
Occupational certification recognizes experience that a person has.
Occupational competence is measured on all occupational areas for which a competency test exists.
Occupational competence is one part of an individual's life.
Occupational competency is defined as occupational-technical and employability knowledge and skills.
Occupational counseling is important for affected individuals.
Most occupational daguerreotypes depict tradesmen, such as cobblers, carpenters, and blacksmiths.
Occupational deaths are less common and more varied.
Many occupational deaths are a result of organizational negligence.
More occupational deaths occur in confined spaces than anywhere else in a facility.
Occupational development is related to one s attitude about one s work.
Occupational development is related to one's attitude about one's work.
Occupational education is vital to the free enterprise system.
Occupational electrocutions continue to be a serious problem throughout the United States.
Occupational employment is defined as the number of employees in a given occupation.
Occupational environment can also influence the amount of wear in someone who clenches.
Occupational epidemiology is a major part of the research activity at the Section .
Some occupational experience is helpful - especially to novice teachers.
Occupational exposure can occur in the manufacture, transportation and distribution of gasoline.
Occupational exposure can occur through dermal contact and inhalation.
Occupational exposure is a major source of lead intake for adults.
Occupational exposure is defined as one received by a person within a controlled area.
Occupational exposure is usually by inhalation or absorption through the skin.
Occupational exposure is widespread.
Occupational exposure limits Criteria document for metallic silver.
Occupational exposure occurs during mining, milling and processing.
Occupational exposure occurs during the mining, milling, production and use of sepiolite.
Occupational exposure occurs primarily through breathing the chemical.
Occupational exposures account for the majority of trichloroethane toxicity.
Occupational exposures are often the most risky.
Occupational exposures can produce a wide range of adverse effects on reproduction.
Occupational exposures can produce a wide range of effects on reproduction.
Occupational factors are responsible for a significant amount of morbidity.
Occupational factors can exaggerate or add to existing illness.
Occupational factors play also an important role in the development of ganglions.
Occupational fatalities are infrequent but costly.
An occupational group is a body
All occupational groups are welcome.
An occupational hazard is risk
Occupational hazards affect many in the work force.
Occupational hazards are hazards.
Occupational hazards can be a very present and real threat to practitioners.
Occupational hazards can have health consequences on all workers.
Occupational hazards cause miscarriage.
Occupational hazards fall into several categories.
Occupational health connotes a state of well being, free of illness or disease.
Occupational health is a rapidly expanding and exciting field.
Occupational health is also important.
Occupational health is another hot alternative career option for nurses.
Occupational healthcare is aimed at restoring the patient back to both health and work.
Occupational history is fundamental for the evaluation of possible workplace influences on health.
Occupational hygiene is applied science, a profession, openly and triumphantly.
Occupational hygienists study physical and chemical hazards and stresses in the workplace.
Occupational illnesses are new cases recognized, diagnosed, and reported during the year.
All occupational illnesses are recordable.
Occupational information is a course in how to search for, get, and retain a job or career.
Occupational information is available through printed and computerized software.
Occupational injuries occur at the worksite and include unintentional as well as intentional injury.
Occupational injuries occur at the worksite and include unintentional as well as intentional trauma.
Many occupational injuries occur due to unsafe work practices or flawed procedures.
Occupational medicine is a field devoted to serving the needs of workers and their companies.
Occupational mobility can be complex.
Occupational names are last names derived from an occupation.
Occupational names are of interest and variety.
Occupational names are often the most obvious in origin.
Occupational narrative is illustrated by oral narratives of working cowboys.
More occupational pain is the result of an increased physical work load.
Occupational patterns provide another clue.
Occupational performance is defined as work, play and self care.
Occupational physicians deal with self-care, work and leisure time task performance skills.
Occupational physicians tend to be treated very differently by different companies.
Occupational profiles are more generic than job profiles.
Some occupational programs have special entrance requirements.
Occupational psychologists deal with human performance in the workplace.
Occupational psychology includes work and organizational psychology.
Occupational psychology studies people in their working environment.
Occupational rehabilitation focuses on reconditioning the injured worker.
Occupational rewards can be extrinsic and intrinsic.
Occupational roles have a developmental perspective, and change over the course of a lifetime.
Many occupational roles are available in different sites.
Occupational safety is a concern on fishing trawlers.
Occupational science is one of the most critical, vibrant fields of inquiry for our world today.
Many occupational skills are transferable from one industry to another.
Occupational standards entail a trade-off.
Occupational status is given for all the persons in the respondent's family.
Occupational status is often problematic, as most seniors have left the labour force.
Occupational stress is global.
Occupational stress is one of the major health hazards of the modern workplace.
Occupational studies appear to show lower effects than for residential studies.
Occupational studies continue to provide the bulk of evidence of benzene's carcinogenicity.
Some occupational studies report an increase in one type of cancer, some in another.
Occupational subcultures can dictate when and why drinking is appropriate.
Occupational substance exposures.
Occupational success is identified with higher education.
Occupational therapist assist individuals in maximizing their level of functional independence.
Occupational therapists aid in adaptation to self-care activities, work and leisure skills.
Occupational therapists apply principles from the biological and behavioral sciences.
Occupational therapists are concerned with a person s ability to engage in meaning- ful activities.
Occupational therapists are doctors.
Occupational therapists are few and far between in rural Missouri.
Occupational therapists are integral members of the varied health teams working within the District.
Occupational therapists are on high demand by employers from many sectors of the workforce.
Occupational therapists are vital components of the team for children with fragile X syndrome.
Occupational therapists build on skills learned in physical therapy.
Occupational therapists can advise on aids and adaptations.
Occupational therapists can also work at nursing homes or at rehabilitation centres.
Occupational therapists can offer useful advice.
Occupational therapists collaborate with other disciplines in a variety of research projects.
Occupational therapists enjoy careers in many arenas.
Occupational therapists explore the ways in which daily activities are performed.
Occupational therapists focus on hand function to improve proficiency with ADLs.
Occupational therapists focus on the child's ability to master skills for independence.
Occupational therapists get to work with mind and body.
Occupational therapists have either a bachelor's or master's degree in occupational therapy.
Occupational therapists have much of the same training focused on the upper extremities.
Occupational therapists help a person relearn daily living skills such as driving or cooking.
Occupational therapists help children to learn and grow.
Occupational therapists help each patient learn to better perform activities of daily living.
Occupational therapists help patient learn to prepare meals.
Occupational therapists help patients regain function and independence.
Occupational therapists help people who have mental, physical, or developmental disabilities.
Occupational therapists hold a bachelor's, master's or doctorate degree.
Occupational therapists make a critical difference in the lives of injured and disabled people.
Occupational therapists pinpoint home devices such as grab bars that enable more independence.
Occupational therapists practice in collaboration with health, education, and medical specialists.
Occupational therapists provide in hospital education to other team members and support staff.
Occupational therapists provide treatment while sharing information with all team members.
Occupational therapists specialize in treating repetitive motion injuries of the upper extremities.
Occupational therapists tend to work with a particular disability or age group.
Occupational therapists view every aspect of a client's life as important to their health.
Occupational therapists view play as the primary occupation of childhood.
Occupational therapists work closely with physical therapists.
Occupational therapists work for equity and justice in practical ways.
Occupational therapists work in a wide variety of settings and with individuals of all ages.
Occupational therapists work in diverse settings with a wide variety of populations.
Occupational therapists work on daily living, personal care, visual, and cognitive skills.
Occupational therapists work with a variety of patients throughout the age spectrum.
Occupational therapists work with children and adults.
Occupational therapists work with patients in the acute stages of illness.
Occupational therapists work with patients of all ages, from infants to the elderly.
Occupational therapists work with patients of every age and background.
Occupational therapists work with students to perform daily living skills.
Many occupational therapists find private practice to be particularly rewarding.
Many occupational therapists participate in health care plans.
Most occupational therapists work in hospitals.
Some occupational therapists are self-employed in private practice.
Occupational therapies are available to inpatients both active and long term care.
Occupational therapy approaches to traumatic brain injury.
Occupational therapy can also aid the growth and development of children.
Occupational therapy can assist the person to maintain an appropriate level of purposeful activity.
Occupational therapy can benefit people of all ages.
Occupational therapy can help a person do things independently.
Occupational therapy can help with fine motor skills and adaptive equipment for daily living.
Occupational therapy concentrates on the activities that occupy people.
Occupational therapy draws a direct link between healing and doing.
Occupational therapy emphasizes the importance of a healthy balance in a person's life.
Occupational therapy encompasses evaluation, treatment and consultation.
Occupational therapy entails treating a variety of patients with different conditions.
Occupational therapy focuses on activities of daily living that involve the arms and hands.
Occupational therapy focuses on restoring and teaching the skills for the job of living.
Occupational therapy helps challenged individuals live productive and satisfying lives.
Occupational therapy helps patients relearn to perform daily activities such as bathing or dressing.
Occupational therapy helps people overcome problems of daily living at home or at work.
Occupational therapy includes instruction in self-care and homemaking tasks.
Occupational therapy is a challenging and diverse health profession.
Occupational therapy is a discipline which focuses on function as well as quality of life.
Occupational therapy is a goal-directed activity that promotes independence in function.
Occupational therapy is a health and rehabilitation profession.
Occupational therapy is a health profession that is concerned with what people do.
Occupational therapy is a high touch profession.
Occupational therapy is a treatment for people who are physically or mentally handicapped.
Occupational therapy is a very special field for a very special kind of person.
Occupational therapy is a vital link to productive living.
Occupational therapy is also a covered service in a variety of health insurance plans.
Occupational therapy is also beneficial to the elderly population.
Occupational therapy is also involved in muscle strength and range of motion of upper extremities.
Occupational therapy is among the fastest growing health care professions in the United Kingdom.
Occupational therapy is an applied social and biological science.
Occupational therapy is an exacting and demanding curriculum.
Occupational therapy is an exciting and dynamic profession.
Occupational therapy is an exciting and rewarding career.
Occupational therapy is concerned with our everyday skills and tasks of life.
Occupational therapy is of critical value in enhancing a person's quality of life.
Occupational therapy is one of the fastest-growing occupations in the country.
Occupational therapy is one of the most diverse of health care professions.
Occupational therapy is one of the nation s fastest-growing careers.
Occupational therapy is open for change of major on a space-available basis.
Occupational therapy is the application of the occupational science, the basic science.
Occupational therapy is the use of purposeful activity to achieve functional outcomes.
Occupational therapy is therapy
Occupational therapy is therapy.
Occupational therapy means improving the quality of life through impacting everyday activities.
Occupational therapy offers excellent employment opportunities.
Occupational therapy provides a splint maker when a restricted motion is necessary.
Occupational therapy provides the tools to break down barriers to an individual's independence.
Occupational therapy requires discipline and empathy.
Occupational therapy teaches patients how to perform daily tasks without reinjury.
Occupational therapy teaches patients to achieve independence in self-care.
Occupational therapy trains people to manage everyday tasks.
Occupational therapy treats many different problems.
Occupational therapy uses a program or purposeful activity to aid in the adjustment of the patient.
Occupational training includes word processing and spreadsheet skills.
Occupational training is neither mandatory nor the center of the curriculum.
Occupational use can also cause injury, often because of repeated motions over time.
Occupational wages are the wages paid to employees in a given occupation.
Occupational wellness applies to one s work.
Occupied bandwidth is determined, mostly, by the symbol rate.
Occupied buildings can be a problem, as well.
Occupied facilities present a unique painting challenge.
Occupied habitat comprises less than one acre total.
Occupied sites are colored red and empty sites are colored black.
Occupied space creates income.
Occupied space means a space then occupied by human beings for business or living.
Occupied squares count but are skipped in the movement.
An occupier is an inhabitant
Occupiers also have specific risk control duties.
Occupiers are servicemans.
Occupiers look out watchfully.
Occupiers simply hook their digital devices up to the cable.
Occur chemical compounds compose of atoms.
Occur chemical compounds compose of oxygen atoms.
Occur compounds compose of atoms.
Occur compounds compose of oxygen atoms.
Occur hormones play roles.
Occur hormones produce in glands.
Occur substances have hazardous properties.
Occur substances have properties.
An occurrence is an event
Occurrence are less than gastroenteritis.
Occurrence can be spontaneous or selective in response to external stimuli.
Occurrence declares event occurrences and collections of event occurrences.
Occurrence indicates possible pupping grounds and early juvenile feeding areas.
Occurrence is all.
Occurrence is in response to perceived threat, particularly when in an unfamiliar environment.
Occurrence is only occasional.
Occurrence is sporadic and damage is low to moderate in most cases.
Occurrence is sporadic but damage has been moderate to high in some cases.
Occurrence is unpredictable and can destroy coastlines.
Occurrence is worldwide and widespread in early childhood in developing countries.
Occurrence is worldwide, and giardiasis is endemic in most regions.
Occurrence is worldwide, and it is endemic in most regions.
Occurrence is worldwide.
Occurrence isa event.
Occurrence varies inversely with mass.
Occurrences are often in the fastest growing pigs.
Occurrences are presence.
Occurrences are rare, but more often than coprolalia and to much different degrees.
Occurrences become facts.
Occurrences cause damage.
Occurrences depend on presence.
Occurrences depend on weather.
Occurrences have causes.
Occurrences have effects.
Occurrences increase likelihood.
Occurrences indicate potential.
Occurrences indicate presence.
Occurrences influence designs.
Occurrences lead to hypotheses.
Occurrences receive attention.
Occurrences receive great attention.
Occurrences still happen in countries throughout the world.
Occurrences take places.
Any occurrence is cause for suspension or revocation of user privileges.
Every occurrence is noted in the margin of The Companion Bible .
Every occurrence is noted in the margin of The Companion Bible.
Every occurrence is the result of prior events, and is a contributing cause of future events.
Many occurrences come our way out of seasons or have nothing to do with it.
Most occurrences are of the kinder variety.
Most occurrences are unilateral.
Most occurrences become facts.
Most occurrences cause damage.
Most occurrences depend on presence.
Most occurrences depend on weather.
Most occurrences have effects.
Most occurrences increase likelihood.
Most occurrences indicate potential.
Most occurrences indicate presence.
Most occurrences lead to hypotheses.
Most occurrences receive attention.
Most occurrences receive great attention.
Most occurrences take places.
Some occurrences affect life.
Some occurrences are grisly enough to make the headlines.
Some occurrences are more favorable that others.
Some occurrences contribute to abnormal retention.
Some occurrences contribute to inability.
Some occurrences contribute to retention.
Some occurrences depend on environmental factors.
Some occurrences depend on factors.
Some occurrences depend on such factors.
Some occurrences destroy communities.
Some occurrences destroy whole communities.
Some occurrences ensure survival.
Some occurrences lead to development.
Some occurrences lead to production.
Some occurrences promote growth.
Some occurrences result in death.
Some occurrences result in excretion.
Ocean acidification affects marine organisms in two ways.
Ocean acidification causes bleaching and productivity loss in coral reef builders.
Ocean acidification has the potential to disturb marine ecosystems through a variety of pathways.
Ocean acidification is an emerging global problem.
Ocean acidification is likely to exacerbate reef flattening.
Ocean acidification poses a variety of risks to coral reef ecosystems.
Ocean acidification threatens corals and shellfish.
Ocean acidification threatens crabs .
Ocean acidification weakens mussel byssus attachment.
Ocean anoxia is important in the preservation of sea floor massive sulphide accumulations.
Ocean basins are that part of Earth's surface that extends seaward from the continental margins .
Ocean basins are the most geologically active places on earth.
All ocean basins have massive surface currents moving in virtually constant clockwise patterns.
Most ocean basins use the average wind speed to determine the tropical cyclone's category.
Ocean Beach adheres to the same rules for scooters as bicycles, skateboards and skates.
Ocean Beach has a lot of cash.
Ocean Beach has incredible lines and a bunch of really challenging hips.
Ocean Beach has it all for the people who just want to take it easy.
Ocean Beach is a funky, hippie holdover and surfers hangout.
Ocean Beach is a great place for children to exercise their body as well as their minds.
Ocean Beach is frequently chilly, which is a good thing considering the dangerous surf and currents.
Ocean Beach is ideal for walking, flying a kite and surfing, but swimming is dangerous.
Ocean beaches are a short distance away.
Ocean beaches are habitats with organisms adapted to salt spray, tidal overwash, and shifting sands.
Ocean beaches are less than ten miles away, mountains and deserts are within an hour's drive.
Ocean beaches are one location that provide excellent striper fishing from summer through fall.
Ocean beaches are only a short drive away.
Ocean beaches are only five miles from campus and can be easily reached by bike, bus, or car.
Ocean beaches are only two and a half hours away.
Ocean beaches vary along our coasts.
Ocean breezes are nonstop, as is the sound of the pounding surf.
Ocean breezes bring the seaplanes and sailboats, tourists and travelers.
Ocean breezes can be a problem.
Ocean breezes can help clear away pollen and relieve allergy symptoms.
Ocean breezes carry salt great distances.
Ocean breezes cool the hazy summer days.
Ocean breezes hold back swarms of mosquitoes.
Ocean breezes keep temperatures pleasant year-round.
Ocean breezes keep the area cooler in summer and warmer in winter .
Ocean breezes kiss the gulls on high, with the sun's silver lining on the tips of wing's.
Ocean breezes pass through the casual dining area.
Ocean chemistry is affected by living processes.
Ocean City does a great job keeping there town clean.
Ocean City has an inground, concrete skatepark.
Ocean City has much to offer.
Ocean City has so much to offer vacationers.
Ocean City is a barrier island off the coast of southern New Jersey.
Ocean City is a dry town, no places to buy liquor at all.
Ocean City is a great place to visit, to have great fun and to make wonderful graduation memories.
Ocean City is a summertime favorite for Marylanders and visitors alike.
Ocean City is a very seasonal beach.
Ocean City is a year-round resort celebrating events and festivals all throughout the calendar.
Ocean City is a year-round resort that is most popular in the summer.
Ocean City is also home to some of the finest dining and nightlife on the East Coast.
Ocean City is always a nice cross-country flight and makes for a great day trip any time of year.
Ocean City is built on a barrier island and has become a world famous seaside resort.
Ocean City is family-friendly, with a popular boardwalk.
Ocean City is in Worcester County, Maryland.
Ocean City is on Maryland's Atlantic coast.
Ocean City is one of the finest vacation spots along the East Coast.
Ocean City is only a half-hour drive away.
Ocean City is right on the border zone between where bentgrass can survive the summer heat.
Ocean City is the best place for a summer vacation.
Ocean City is the family-centered resort area on Maryland's Atlantic coast.
Ocean City is the perfect beach resort all year long.
Ocean City is traditional also in that the primary attraction is the beach and flashing boardwalk.
Ocean City offers many public parks and recreational facilities.
Ocean City offers the best in hospitality, food, shopping and family-oriented fun.
Ocean City presents a free family concert and entertainment.
Ocean color is a catch-all for suspended sediments, algal biomass and other oceanic parameters.
Ocean color is made up of varying concentrations and types of phytoplankton.
Ocean color satellites quantify key properties on a global basis.
Ocean colour is derived from a combination of ocean depth and ocean chlorophyll observations.
Ocean conservation is a broad field with many people to learn from, network with and challenge.
Ocean County has a loan fund for acquaculture and fisheries development.
Ocean County has one in the courthouse, plus two satellite offices.
Ocean County is a bird watching mecca and the festival was designed to get more people involved.
Ocean County is a great place to live.
Ocean County is currently in the early stages of implementation.
Ocean County is the third to receive a tire-recycling grant for scrap tire collection and recycling.
Ocean County needs a good rave.
Ocean County provides many wonderful experiences that are free to everyone.
Ocean County ranks fourth in the state as having the most whites.
Ocean crust is basaltic with uniform p wave velocities.
Ocean crust is denser than continental crust.
Ocean crust is recycled back into the asthenosphere at the subduction zones.
Ocean crust is returned to the mantle through subduction .
Ocean crust sinks into the mantle at deep-sea trenches.
Ocean current follows routes.
Ocean current is current
Ocean current is current.
Ocean current transfers energy.
Ocean current transfers thermal energy.
Ocean currents affect the location of open water leads in the landfast ice each spring.
Ocean currents affect the weather and long term climatic patterns of a region.
Ocean currents affect weather and life all over the globe.
Ocean currents are created by wind, water temperature, salt content, and the gravity of the moon.
Ocean currents are either deep water or surface currents.
Ocean currents are like escalators, bearing even the most primitive craft effortlessly along.
Ocean currents bring it up regularly, resulting in beach closures and illnesses.
Ocean currents can carry penguins a long way from their colonies.
Ocean currents can move sand along the coast to build beaches.
Ocean currents can move warm water to cool places and cold water to warm places.
Ocean currents can scour the surface layers of continental slopes.
Ocean currents can transport larvae considerable distances from their hatching place.
Ocean currents carry heat around the Earth.
Ocean currents carry radioactive waste as far away as the Scandinavian coast.
Ocean currents carry shells underwater where they often come to rest on the beach.
Ocean currents carry the buoyant coconut across the Pacific to colonize newly formed coral atolls.
Ocean currents carry warmer water from the tropics into colder regions.
Ocean currents circulate heat, water, nutrients, and any garbage that falls into ocean water.
Ocean currents contribute to climatic control by transporting warm and cold waters to other regions.
Ocean currents deposit the refuse hundreds, even thousands of miles from their point of origin.
Ocean currents drive warm water from near the equator in a clockwise direction around the oceans.
Ocean currents follow global atmospheric circulation patterns very closely.
Ocean currents influence available moisture and pressure systems.
Ocean currents influence temperature and precipitation.
Ocean currents make surface swims very difficult.
Ocean currents move in response to global wind patterns and Earth's rotation.
Ocean currents occur on and below the ocean surface.
Ocean currents play a pivotal role in climate and ocean productivity.
Ocean currents play an important part in determining the climate, too.
Ocean currents play significant roles in transporting many elements and organisms.
Ocean currents shift their courses.
Ocean currents stir nutrients into the water column in the late spring.
Ocean currents transfer warmer waters to northern latitudes and vice-versa.
Ocean currents transport many times as much water as the atmospheric branch of the hydrologic cycle.
Some ocean currents are enormous and extremely powerful.
Ocean depth is calculated from height.
Ocean depths are much smaller than their horizontal extent.
Most ocean depth is calculated from height.
Ocean drilling is dangerous.
Ocean dumping is now illegal, and so is uncontrolled incineration.
Ocean dynamics are key factors in global climate change.
Ocean energy comes from sources.
Most ocean energy comes from sources.
Ocean engineering covers underwater technologies, vessel design and coastal processes.
Ocean engineering involves the design and installation of all types of equipment used in the ocean.
Ocean engineering is a diverse field.
Ocean engineering is a hybrid technical area utilizing techniques from many branches of engineering.
Ocean engineering is one of the most varied engineering disciplines.
Ocean engineering is studied at both the graduate and undergraduate levels.
Ocean fish are located in sea.
Ocean fish are 'swimming' through the night while madly burning.
Ocean fish benefit from aquaculture, too.
Ocean fish ride in with the tide to feed.
Any ocean fish absorb fluoride into the bones.
Ocean fisheries are impossible to manage.
Ocean fisheries are in marked decline as well.
An ocean floor is a bed
Ocean floor has beautiful three-dimensional appearance and rich shades of blue.
Ocean floor is dense so it slides under the edge of an adjacent continent.
Ocean floor mapping About two thirds of the Earth's surface lies beneath the oceans.
Ocean floors are a collection of plates.
Ocean floors are beds.
Ocean floors have just as many mountains, valleys and plains as the continents do.
Ocean front is just that.
Ocean fronts affect water conditions, local weather, and marine life.
Ocean habitats include coastal environments.
Ocean habitats include environments.
Ocean Harbor offers South Bay shelter to lovers of authentic, top-end Chinese food.
Ocean levels are rising, they say.
Ocean levels fluctuate daily as the sun, moon and earth interact.
Ocean life adapts to water motion and the patterns of physical and chemical properties.
Ocean life can be very difficult for growing salmon.
Ocean life contains whales, seals, penguins and dolphins.
Ocean life is an incredibly intriguing and mysterious field of study.
Ocean life is very different from the freshwater lakes where a loon hatches and begins life.
Ocean life objects hanging from the ceiling can be over-sized stuffed fish.
Ocean life provides a vital ecological balance.
Ocean life shifts Changes off the California coast already are significant.
Ocean life thrives in many parts of the Pacific, especially in coastal waters.
Most ocean life lives in one specific zone.
An ocean liner is a passenger ship
Ocean liner catches fire.
Ocean liners are located in sea.
Ocean liners are one of the most collectible poster categories.
Ocean liners are ships.
Ocean liners are used for transportation.
Ocean liners use on-board UV systems while at sea.
Many ocean liners operate from Europe to Venezuela.
Some ocean mammals find on coasts.
Some ocean mammals find on east coasts.
Some ocean mammals find on north american east coasts.
Some ocean mammals find on north coasts.
Ocean models predict that the ocean takes up another two gigatons annually.
Ocean outfalls reflect our attitude towards excreta.
Ocean Park continues to grow as a vital residential area.
Ocean Park features a variety of shops and restaurants.
Ocean Park has it all.
Ocean Park is a fantastic outing for the whole family.
Ocean Park is an interdenominational summer assembly.
Ocean Park is families.
Ocean Park is on the Long Beach Peninsula of Washington.
Ocean Park is the first, mirrored building on the left.
Ocean Park is the vantage point for wildlife sanctuary.
An ocean perch is a rockfish
Ocean perch are slow growers and are different from most fish in that they bear their young live.
Ocean planets are a hypothetical type of planet with a surface completely covered with liquid.
Ocean pollution grows worse when it rains.
Ocean pollution is a major problem affecting the entire planet.
Ocean ports are areas of commerce and culture.
Ocean quahogs are a slow growing, unproductive species.
Ocean racing is a completely different sport.
Ocean science is a fast-paced, constantly changing, challenging field.
Ocean science is still a science of untold discoveries in Earth's last frontier.
Ocean science is under attack at every juncture with little organized resistance.
Ocean shipping is handled by the port of New York City and, to a much lesser extent, by Buffalo.
Ocean Shores Spend the weekend relaxing.
Ocean spray combined with high winds always make transports exciting and challenging.
An ocean sunfish is a bony fish
Ocean sunfish are a solitary, slow moving fish.
Ocean sunfish are harmless and they eat only jellyfish.
Ocean sunfish are native to the temperate and tropical waters of every ocean in the world.
Ocean surfaces absorb energy.
Ocean surfaces absorb solar energy.
Ocean surfaces expose to air.
Ocean surfaces tend to reflect the least visible light, so they tend to be the darkest features.
Most ocean surfaces absorb energy.
Most ocean surfaces absorb solar energy.
Most ocean surfaces expose to air.
Ocean swell is originated by storms far out from land.
Ocean swells are a crucial guide in sailing.
Ocean swells build all around.
Ocean swimming is excellent inside the protective outer reef.
Ocean swimming is fine in bays along the coast.
Ocean swimming is nearby.
Ocean swimming is possible both in the summer and fall.
Ocean temperature affects weather.
Ocean temperature isoclines off the West Coast of North America.
Ocean temperatures are at their warmest about now, after a full summer soaking up heat.
Ocean temperatures are at, or close to, freezing throughout the year.
Ocean temperatures can influence atmospheric patterns on a global scale.
Ocean temperatures change less from day to day than do temperatures on land.
Ocean temperatures vary according to season.
Most ocean temperature affects weather.
Some ocean temperature affects distribution.
Ocean tides are another source of renewable energy.
Ocean tides are caused by the gravity of the moon.
Ocean tides are generally of the semi-diurnal type, with two highs and two lows occurring daily.
Ocean tides are the consistent rise and fall of the waters as Earth feels the gravitational pull.
Ocean tides are the dominant hydrologic feature of northern cordgrass prairie.
Ocean tides fill the marsh with salty water and cause the water level to rise and fall twice a day.
Ocean tides fit sinusoidal functions of known frequencies quite accurately.
Ocean tides occur because the water is pulled toward the moon.
Ocean tides push salty sea water in and out of estuaries.
Ocean tides represent a critical unknown in a host of geophysical studies.
Ocean tides rise and full due to the gravity of the moon as it pulls upon earth's waters from space.
Ocean tides run along the oceans as our globe spins.
Ocean turtles move awkwardly on land.
Ocean view means ocean view.
Ocean view overlooks a flower farm from the jungle.
Ocean views are available from nearly every room.
Ocean views are available from spacious decks, and from the living room window-wall.
Ocean views are available from the yard and decks.
Ocean views are available.
Ocean views are everywhere.
Ocean views are many all the way up the coast.
Ocean views are plentiful from everyone of the luxurious suites.
Ocean views are spectacular.
Ocean water temperature ranges from cs.
Ocean water absorbs light.
Ocean water absorbs sunlight.
Ocean water affects regions.
Ocean water appears blue as it reflects the light of the sky.
Ocean water contains salts and minerals that make it different from fresh water.
Ocean water contains seven times more salt than the human body can safely ingest.
Ocean water contains seven times more salt than the human body can safely metabolize.
Ocean water enters the lava tube, flashes to steam, and blows through the roof of the tube.
Ocean water has magnesium.
Ocean water has more salt and it is denser than any fresh water.
Ocean water includes various salts, metals, and even dissolved gases.
Ocean water is a really good source of water.
Ocean water is cold.
Ocean water is composed of a substantial amount of salt.
Ocean water is pumped in to create a whirlpool current.
Ocean water is salty because salt is a mineral that is found in soil and rocks.
Ocean water is salty.
Ocean water is sampled for chemicals and organisms.
Ocean water is temperature selective, resulting in phytogeographic zones, regions and provinces.
Ocean water is the saltiest, with several ppm dissolved salts.
Ocean water is used as a coolant for plant systems to the sea.
Ocean water is very salty.
Ocean water is warmed at the equator and cooled at the poles.
Ocean water mixes with deep water.
Ocean water mixes with water.
Ocean water serves the role of blood in starfish.
Ocean water stays warm for a long time, once it is heated.
Ocean water takes a lot more energy to heat than does the land surface.
Ocean waters are always in motion.
Ocean waters are constantly on the move.
Ocean waters are typcially cooler than in Southern California.
Ocean waters are warm and ready to receive tourists from all over the world.
Ocean waters provide swimming, boating and fishing opportunities.
Ocean waters vary from deep marine blue to a more turbid green color.
Ocean waters vary from deep marine blue to a turbid green color.
Most ocean water absorbs sunlight.
Most ocean water affects regions.
Most ocean water mixes with deep water.
Most ocean water mixes with water.
Some ocean water leads to contamination.
Ocean waves approach beaches.
Ocean waves are a different sort of wave than a ripple but still can show diffraction.
Ocean waves are a form of kinetic energy that is often misunderstood, especially by mariners.
Ocean waves are another form of moving water.
Ocean waves are examples of gravity waves.
Ocean waves are mainly transverse.
Ocean waves are really disturbances traveling across the surface of the water.
Ocean waves are transverse.
Ocean waves are unpredictable.
Ocean waves carry energy by making the water move up and down.
Ocean waves come and go.
Ocean waves consist of many water molecules traveling in clockwise circular orbits.
Ocean waves contain tremendous energy potential.
Ocean waves expend tremendous energy as they crash on the shore.
Ocean waves get their energy from surface wind.
Ocean waves have a big impact on ships, even very large ships.
Ocean waves have enough power.
Ocean waves have other ways in which they transmit energy.
Ocean waves have power.
Ocean waves make water rush up and back with each wave.
Ocean Waves shift leaving only memories.
Ocean waves transfer energy.
Ocean waves travel on the surface of the water.
Ocean waves travel over the sea surface in the form of sinusoidal wave trains.
Most ocean waves approach beaches.
Most ocean waves have enough power.
Most ocean waves have power.
Most ocean waves transfer energy.
Some ocean waves show diffraction.
An ocean is water
Ocean are more than dark blue waves.
Ocean breezes present players with some fascinating situations to overcome.
Ocean can be rough with too much current to swim.
Ocean cottages for rent or sale.
Ocean cruises world-wide at great prices.
Ocean delivers a unique blend of performance, flexibility and reliability.
Ocean develop from the temper nor bled architectural column.
Ocean dives place emphasis on diving skills.
Ocean do outside one afternoon before notice sportsbook.
Ocean enter under little readers after go men tie.
Ocean facing deck over garage off the living room is great for BBQ's and get-togethers.
Ocean facing deck overlooks the dunes and vollyball court.
Ocean falls pulp and paper mill.
Ocean gives up body of ride victim.
Ocean going containers require additional blocking, bracing and dunnaging in the vertical direction.
Ocean has two life-important properties.
Ocean helps with smooth sailing through classroom activities.
Ocean hire for all tip neither suggest taylormade lcg.
Ocean inspire kids to create interactive stories and movies.
Ocean inspires students to create interactive stories and movies.
Ocean invites students to explore the ocean.
Ocean is a metaphor for great depth and breadth.
Ocean is a regular grid nearest-neighbor application with a multigrid solver.
Ocean is above whatever book so go table tennis ball.
Ocean is checked top to bottom.
Ocean is engaged in a shark tagging and monitoring program.
Ocean is lit with star light.
Ocean is now able to fully submerge and has a very healthy appetite.
Ocean is oogelache.
Ocean is out there.
Ocean is the closest ocean to that of a river.
Ocean is the last and it is difficult.
Ocean isa waters.
Ocean kayaking in Alaska is considered to be one of the most awesome experiences.
Ocean kayaking off Battle Rock is an up and coming activity.
Ocean kayaks for rent.
Ocean making Camera out representatives toward either slot jackpots therefore swum behind all comb.
Ocean now has two good years in a row of very strong finding and development costs.
Ocean offers absolutely everything for the hockey player and fan.
Ocean rides out storm off island.
Ocean see also Oceanography.
Ocean sounds blended with electric piano, flute and strings.
Ocean sounds seavoice.krz . . .
Ocean sounds, string instruments create a dreamlike musical experience.
Ocean spoken aboard some picture therefore discover whole house water filters.
Ocean succeed Features till body behind the egyptian and choose against little sheep.
Ocean suggest out all tip neither breathe discount new balances.
Ocean suggest out all tip neither breathe taylormade lcg.
Ocean surface current simulations in the North Pacific Ocean and Bering Sea.
Ocean surfing on a waveski or scrambler is a thrill.
Ocean uses and Abuses.
Ocean view big size lot located in an exclusive area of town.
Ocean view from most rooms.
Ocean view out cottage windows.
Ocean view possible - especially with a two story dwelling.
Ocean view third floor overlooking green lawn, with unobstructed mountain and ocean views.
Ocean windsurfing is so good here national championships have been held three years in a row.
Oceans absorb a large amount of carbon dioxide.
Oceans absorb both carbon dioxide and heat.
Oceans absorb heat.
Oceans act like the mercury in a barometer, rising in response to reduced air pressure.
Oceans also act as sink for carbon dioxide.
Oceans also have layers of water at different temperatures.
Oceans also participate in other matter cycles .
Oceans appear blue and part of South America is visible on the right.
Oceans appear deep blue essentially for the same reason.
Oceans are a global sink for carbon dioxide.
Oceans are a key mechanism in transporting heat from the sun around the globe.
Oceans are actually many shades of blue, green and even red.
Oceans are also a major source of food and employment and balance of trade.
Oceans are also essential to our economy.
Oceans are also generators of commerce.
Oceans are also substantial.
Oceans are also superhighways for moving commerce.
Oceans are also very important in regulating the temperature on Earth.
Oceans are always slower to cool down or warm up than land areas.
Oceans are an economic issue cloaked in environmental concern.
Oceans are an important part of our earth's ecosystem.
Oceans are as deep as space.
Oceans are bodies of water.
Oceans are by far the largest animal habitat on earth.
Oceans are connected to major lakes, watersheds, and waterways.
Oceans are critical to all life on Earth.
Oceans are dark because water transmits light poorly.
Oceans are deeper than deep water wells.
Oceans are essential to life, providing food, energy, resources, climate, and oxygen.
Oceans are harsh for human activities and too near the reach of the state.
Oceans are higher.
Oceans are highways for products and people who move by ship.
Oceans are home for all sea animals.
Oceans are homes for many living things.
Oceans are important to life on earth.
Oceans are important to life on Earth.
Oceans are large bodies of salt water which separates deposits of land.
Oceans are liquids.
Oceans are located in beachs.
Oceans are located in earth.
Oceans are located in futures.
Oceans are located in globes.
Oceans are located in lakes.
Oceans are located in low areas.
Oceans are located in motion.
Oceans are located in movies.
Oceans are located in planets.
Oceans are located in thes.
Oceans are located in water.
Oceans are located in waterfalls.
Oceans are low and continents are high relative to one another.
Oceans are made of water.
Oceans are much more than big pools of salt water.
Oceans are normally unowned, accessible to all.
Oceans are now mountains.
Oceans are one of the largest ecosystems in the world.
Oceans are really cool on the computer.
Oceans are sailing.
Oceans are saltiest where they are very hot, such as the Red Sea, or very cold, such as the Arctic.
Oceans are sea.
Oceans are significantly cloudier than continents.
Oceans are sinks for methyl bromide, for example.
Oceans are sources for minerals and other resources .
Oceans are the largest among all the water resources.
Oceans are the largest surface water bodies that contribute to evaporation.
Oceans are the life-line of tourism.
Oceans are used for diving.
Oceans are used for drinking.
Oceans are used for fish.
Oceans are used for fishing.
Oceans are used for kayakings.
Oceans are used for sailing.
Oceans are used for sails.
Oceans are used for swimming.
Oceans are used for travel.
Oceans are vast deposits of carbon.
Oceans are very big and they join smaller seas together .
Oceans are very big and they join smaller seas together.
Oceans are very important to people.
Oceans are very noisy.
Oceans are vital to our survival and help regulate the Earth's temperature and rainfall.
Oceans are wets.
Oceans become homes.
Oceans can rise in leaps and bounds, they say, Like a lyrical sonnet piercing the heart.
Oceans cause most of the world's weather patterns.
Oceans cause rain.
Oceans cause relatively faint reflected light.
Oceans come and oceans go.
Oceans constitute by far the largest reservoir, however.
Oceans contain compounds.
Oceans contain huge deposits of carbon as calcium carbonate deposits.
Oceans contain salt water.
Oceans contain water.
Oceans cover a vast percentage of Earth's surface.
Oceans cover about three-quarters of the Earth's surface.
Oceans cover almost three-fourths of our planet.
Oceans cover almost three-fourths of the planet.
Oceans cover more than three-quarters of the surface of the Earth.
Oceans cover more than two thirds of the surface of our planet.
Oceans cover more than two-thirds of Earth's surface.
Oceans cover more than two-thirds of the earth's surface.
Oceans cover most of the Earth's surface.
Oceans cover three-fourths of the earth's surface making our planet unique.
Oceans cover three-fourths of the Earth's surface.
Oceans cover two-thirds of the world's surface.
Oceans determine our climate and our weather.
Oceans dominate the Earth's surface and greatly affect daily life.
Oceans drive global and regional climate.
Oceans everywhere are hard to police.
Oceans Give each child a white piece of paper.
Oceans harbor almost all of the phylum diversities of the animal kingdom.
Oceans have a lot of nutrients.
Oceans have a lot to do with what happens in the weather.
Oceans have a low albedo, snow a high albedo.
Oceans have a major effect on climate because water in the oceans holds a large amount of heat.
Oceans have a major effect on climate, because water in the oceans hold a large amount of heat.
Oceans have a major effect on climate, because water in the oceans holds a large amount of heat.
Oceans have a major effect on the climates of continents to the east.
Oceans have a pattern of circulation.
Oceans have a positive impact on every community in Canada.
Oceans have distribution.
Oceans have effects.
Oceans have fish.
Oceans have global circulation patterns.
Oceans have oxygen.
Oceans have production.
Oceans have salt water.
Oceans have salt.
Oceans have surfaces.
Oceans have water.
Oceans have waves.
Oceans heat up and cool down much more slowly than land.
Oceans help maintain stable temperatures on Earth.
Oceans host more varied life forms than dry land environments.
Oceans ice over.
Oceans is an extremely brief, but informative presentation.
Oceans is on there which has never been released in the United States and Do The Evolution.
Oceans is pure surprise.
Oceans Learn about the mighty oceans.
Oceans loggerheads an show.
Oceans make Earth an ideal site for life.
Oceans make up over two thirds of the Earth's surface.
Oceans managment research scientist.
Oceans moderate temperature variations.
Oceans most protecting inches monica sea virtually involve is can gt.
Oceans occasionally contain archipelagos.
Oceans offer other energy sources.
Oceans plan a key role in the Earth's climate because water warms and cools slower than air.
Oceans play a key role in the distribution of heat.
Oceans possess fish.
Oceans possess sharks.
Oceans produce more oxygen and store more carbon than forests.
Oceans provide breed habitats.
Oceans provide habitats.
Oceans provide many essential services such as regulating climate and cycling nutrients.
Oceans provide sources.
Oceans receive more than half of the energy entering the climate system.
Oceans regulate the world's climate and provide more oxygen than the rain forests.
Oceans remain one of the key parts of the climate system that are poorly observed and understood.
Oceans retain their previous appearance which looks quite appropriate.
Oceans rise and fall.
Oceans serve a variety of important functions.
Oceans serve as habitats.
Oceans serve as primary habitats.
Oceans serve as vast heat reservoirs.
Oceans show cooling in the centers of the major basins and warming around the margins.
Oceans show undersea physical features in rich color.
Oceans show undersea physical features in rich coloring.
Oceans show undersea physical features ridges in rich coloring.
Oceans sit on thinner, heavier crust.
Oceans still move with the moon and the sky, the grass still grows on the hillside.
Oceans store energy.
Oceans stratify just like lakes so that warm, light water sits on top of colder dense water.
Oceans suffer more than just occasional oil spills.
Oceans supply the water for the glaciers.
Oceans supply the world's people with more animal protein than any other source.
Oceans support the greatest variety of life on earth, from microscopic plankton to giant whales.
Oceans support the greatest variety of life on earth.
Oceans Take real measurements such as temperature and wave height and graph the changes.
Oceans tend to absorb some of the heat from the atmosphere.
Oceans tend to be stable habitats.
Oceans tend to have constant evaporation and clouds formed tended to be thinner.
Oceans too receive differing amounts of heat.
Oceans touch every continent and culture, affecting jobs, weather, and wildlife.
Oceans always empty into mouths of rivers.
Most oceans absorb heat.
Most oceans become homes.
Most oceans cause rain.
Most oceans contain compounds.
Most oceans contain water.
Most oceans have distribution.
Most oceans have effects.
Most oceans have oxygen.
Most oceans have production.
Most oceans have surfaces.
Most oceans have waves.
Most oceans possess fish.
Most oceans possess sharks.
Most oceans provide breed habitats.
Most oceans provide habitats.
Most oceans provide sources.
Most oceans serve as habitats.
Most oceans serve as primary habitats.
Some oceans absorb sunlight.
Some oceans are part of hydrospheres.
Some oceans are part of worlds.
Some oceans have choices.
Some oceans have zones.
Some oceans move jellyfish.
Some oceans possess animals.
Oceanfront accommodations are available in both cases.
Oceanfront accommodations go especially fast.
All oceanfront complexes have a pool, covered parking, and direct beach access.
Oceanfront location offers beach access, heated pool is also on site.
Oceanfront lots are also available.
Oceanfront massages are available.
Oceanfront parks abound.
Oceanfront property is at risk from natural shoreline migration.
Oceanfront rental see page for availability and details.
Oceanfront restaurant is the finest anywhere.
Oceanfront rooms are also available.
Oceanfront rooms face the ocean directly.
Oceanfront rooms have private balconies and spa tubs.
Oceanfront rooms have private lanais and are larger than garden rooms.
Oceanfront rooms offer private balconies overlooking the beautiful Atlantic Ocean.
All oceanfront rooms have balconies with wonderful views of the turquoise water.
All oceanfront rooms have tile floors for pure air reasons.
Every oceanfront suite has a living room and a spectacular ocean view.
Oceanfront units have two telephones and two TV's plus an additional vanity.
An oceanfront is a formation
Oceanfront has the schedule of open times.
Oceanfront offers home building sites, land Valley.
Oceanfront verandas for pre-function entertaining.
Oceanfronts are coasts.
Oceanic art represents the widely spread cultural groups of the Pacific Islands and Australia.
Oceanic bacteria eat organic matter, producing bicarbonate as a digestive by-product.
An oceanic bird is a sea bird
Oceanic birds prey on juvenile bluefish.
Some oceanic birds migrate inland and then back to the ocean.
Oceanic countries are island countries found in the Pacific Ocean .
Oceanic countries are island countries found in the Pacific Ocean.
Oceanic crust carries sediments that have been deposited on the oceanic floor.
Oceanic crust consists mainly of basaltic rock with an thin veneer of sediment.
Oceanic crust has insignificant amounts of radiogenic elements.
Oceanic crust is also much thinner than continental crust.
Oceanic crust is basalt.
Oceanic crust is composed of basalt, the result of partial melting of the mantle.
Oceanic crust is composed primarily of basalt and gabbro .
Oceanic crust is created at divergent plate boundaries.
Oceanic crust is denser than continental crust.
Oceanic crust is destroyed at convergent plate boundaries.
Oceanic crust is destroyed at subduction zones .
Oceanic crust is made primarily of a rock called basalt .
Oceanic crust is more active than continental, but it is thinner.
Oceanic crust is more dense.
Oceanic crust is much thinner than continental crust.
Oceanic crust is subducted back into the mantle.
Oceanic crust is the layer below the deep ocean basins.
Oceanic crust is the rock type .
Oceanic crust is thicker than continental crust and is made of basalt.
Oceanic crust is thicker than continental crust.
Oceanic crust is thin and low, but it's dense.
Oceanic crust is, in general, thin and dense.
All oceanic crust is new, geologically speaking.
All oceanic crust is produced at spreading centers by a very specialized process.
Oceanic culture arises from a highly dualistic worldview.
Oceanic currents change, causing a shift in sea temperature, wind direction and rainfall patterns.
Oceanic dolphins are marine animals living in the sea .
Oceanic dolphins are marine animals living in the sea.
Oceanic gyres are typically regions of low productivity.
Oceanic heat enters the region in sufficient quantities to locally prevent ice formation.
Oceanic ice can be a day or several years old.
Oceanic islands are formed by exploding volcanoes or movements of the mid-ocean ridge.
Oceanic islands can form from different types of volcanoes.
Oceanic islands represent sensitive indicators of some aspects of the Earth's dynamic systems.
Most oceanic islands appear to be related to ascending plumes of hot mantle.
Most oceanic islands have an exceptionally diverse and highly endemic flora and fauna.
Oceanic lithosphere is destroyed at subduction zones.
Oceanic lithosphere is subducted into the mantle.
Oceanic plate bends downward, producing an oceanic trench .
Oceanic plates occupy two thirds of Earth's surface.
Oceanic Ridges are areas where mantle appears to ascend due to rising convection currents.
Oceanic rock is returned to the Earth's mantle when oceanic crust is subducted .
Oceanic rocks are normally quite young deposits.
Oceanic sediments contain the only clues to earlier glaciations.
Oceanic society is hierarchical and oligarchic.
Many oceanic species rely on wetlands for some portion of their lives.
Oceanic systems are a central player in halogen biogeochemistry.
Oceanic vents are places where hot sulfur-rich water is released from the ocean floor.
Oceanic water has concentration.
Oceanic water has extent.
Most oceanic water has concentration.
Most oceanic water has extent.
Oceanic Zones are specific areas of the ocean.
Oceanic describes the experience.
Oceanic provides clients with accurate, timely and confidential reports of their affairs.
An oceanographer is a scientist
Oceanographers also present their research at scientific meetings and in scientific journals.
Oceanographers are global scientists who study a wide variety of topics.
Oceanographers are people who study oceans.
Oceanographers are scientists who study the ocean and the organisms in the ocean.
Oceanographers are scientists.
Oceanographers are workers.
Oceanographers become increasingly interested in underwater sound.
Oceanographers call all small animals critters.
Oceanographers define distinct water masses based on their physical and chemical characteristics.
Oceanographers divide the ocean into different zones by physical and biological conditions.
Oceanographers do it down under.
Oceanographers do the opposite.
Oceanographers generally do all of their work on boats in the ocean.
Oceanographers have many uses for gene technology.
Oceanographers have two theories on rip current formation.
Oceanographers hope to determine why whales tend to concentrate in some areas and shun others.
Oceanographers investigate the physical, chemical, biological, and geologic dynamics of oceans.
Oceanographers joke that the tale is quite true, except for details.
Oceanographers monitor how much sediment is in the water and what components make up the sediment.
Oceanographers now understand the oceanic circulation much better than ten years ago.
Oceanographers report salinity in parts per thousand.
Oceanographers say they've never seen anything like it.
Oceanographers seek to understand the physical and chemical processes of the oceans.
Oceanographers serve in a wide variety of jobs.
Oceanographers study how waves move through the ocean and how the air and sea interact.
Oceanographers study the ocean floor and physical aspects of the ocean.
Oceanographers study the ocean.
Oceanographers use a number of different instruments and techniques to collect data.
Oceanographers use diagrams of satellite measurements to figure out what is happening in the ocean.
Oceanographers work at sea, on land, in laboratories, and at computers.
Oceanographers work for the federal government, for private industry and for universities.
Oceanographers often use chemical techniques which can be quite sensitive in identifying plankton.
Oceanographers sometimes go underwater.
Many oceanographers are interested in how much the height of the sea surface changes over time.
Many oceanographers collect data then create computer models, or simulations, of ocean phenomena.
Most oceanographers do their work on boats in the ocean.
Most oceanographers doubt it.
Most oceanographers specialize in one area and discipline.
Most oceanographers work in fields that use science to solve a particular problem in the ocean.
Some oceanographers work in ocean research at other organizations.
Oceanographic exploration is introduced through study of ocean basins and continental margins.
Oceanographic information is also important to amphibious operations.
Most oceanographic institutions designate one of their staff to oversee clearance procedures.
Oceanographic properties change over very short time intervals along the coast.
Oceanographic research is truly an interdependent effort.
Oceanography encompasses physics, chemistry and geology, as well as biology.
Oceanography is an earth science
An oceanology is an earth science
Oceanology Visit our Connecticut sister organization.
Oceans day celebrates our oceans, the source of life on our blue planet.
Oceanview rooms are available with jacuzzi whirlpool tubs.
Oceanview rooms are on the second floor with a private balcony, and are cooled by ceiling fans.
Oceanview rooms have a private balcony overlooking the ocean.
Oceanview units have beautiful sightlines down the coast.
Ocelot kittens remain with mothers.
An ocelot is a wildcat
Ocelot is two times bigger than domestic cat.
Ocelot isa cat.
Ocelots also live in Arizona to North Argentina.
Ocelots appear to be better adapted to habitat disturbance and can live in disturbed forest.
Ocelots appear to be better adapted to habitat disturbance and can live in disturbed forests.
Ocelots are a federally protected species.
Ocelots are about twice the size as a normal house cat.
Ocelots are also very good swimmers.
Ocelots are an endangered species.
Ocelots are beautiful spotted cats that once roamed from South Texas up into Arkansas and Louisiana.
Ocelots are carnivores whose diet consists primarily of rabbits, small rodents, and birds.
Ocelots are carnivores.
Ocelots are carnivorous animals that search for food at night.
Ocelots are cousins to the leopard, felix pardus.
Ocelots are endangered due to habitat loss and illegal poaching.
Ocelots are felines.
Ocelots are found in every country south of the United States, except Chile.
Ocelots are found throughout large parts of South and Central America.
Ocelots are generalists, and their diet varies with prey availability.
Ocelots are generally solitary animals.
Ocelots are generally solitary rodents, coming together only to breed.
Ocelots are hunted for their furs.
Ocelots are mammals.
Ocelots are medium-sized cats native to the forests of South America.
Ocelots are medium-sized cats that live in rain forests and grasslands.
Ocelots are members of the cat family.
Ocelots are mostly solitary, and usually meet only to mate.
Ocelots are native to Texas and are on the endangered species list.
Ocelots are nocturnal and diurnal, feeding mainly on the ground.
Ocelots are nocturnal, solitary and territorial.
Ocelots are nocturnal, solitary, and territorial creatures.
Ocelots are nocturnal, which means they sleep during the day and hunt during the night.
Ocelots are one of the many endangered species found in Texas.
Ocelots are primarily nocturnal which means they are active and hunt at night.
Ocelots are protected in the United States and most other countries where they live.
Ocelots are smaller than bobcats and have a longer tail.
Ocelots are solitary and are very territorial.
Ocelots are solitary and territorial.
Ocelots are terrestrial but margays are skilled tree climbers.
Ocelots are territorial and solitary creatures.
Ocelots are the most aquatic of the four animals.
Ocelots are wild cats from the Americas.
Ocelots are wildcats.
Ocelots are yellow to reddish to gray and are marked with black stripes and spots.
Ocelots become prey.
Ocelots breed at all times of the year in tropical regions.
Ocelots display behavior.
Ocelots eat animals.
Ocelots eat rodents.
Ocelots enter water.
Ocelots feed mainly on the ground.
Ocelots feed on mice and rats, guinea pigs, monkeys, hares, small deer, and sometimes poultry.
Ocelots feed on rodents.
Ocelots feed on small mammals, birds, reptiles and insects.
Ocelots have (part) brains.
Ocelots have (part) breasts.
Ocelots have (part) cell membranes.
Ocelots have (part) cells.
Ocelots have (part) chest cavities.
Ocelots have (part) chests.
Ocelots have (part) corpi.
Ocelots have (part) cytoplasm.
Ocelots have (part) ears.
Ocelots have (part) faces.
Ocelots have (part) heads.
Ocelots have (part) nuclei.
Ocelots have (part) pads.
Ocelots have (part) paws.
Ocelots have (part) piluses.
Ocelots have (part) plasma membranes.
Ocelots have (part) rib cages.
Ocelots have (part) sections.
Ocelots have (part) skulls.
Ocelots have (part) sterna.
Ocelots have (part) vacuoles.
Ocelots have a slender body and their underside is pale coloured.
Ocelots have backs.
Ocelots have beautiful coats.
Ocelots have both solid and open dark spots which sometimes run in lines along the body.
Ocelots have coats.
Ocelots have excellent eyesights.
Ocelots have eye sight.
Ocelots have eyesights.
Ocelots have habits.
Ocelots have keen eye sight.
Ocelots have keen sight.
Ocelots have legs that have dark spots and a striped face and head, which varies with each ocelot.
Ocelots have legs.
Ocelots have marks on their fur, which look attractive and unique.
Ocelots have retractable claws.
Ocelots have sight.
Ocelots have spots.
Ocelots have the usualsharp teeth in the back meant for ripping.
Ocelots have tongues.
Ocelots have vision.
Ocelots hunt prey.
Ocelots inhabit brushy and forested regions from Texas well into South America.
Ocelots live in couples within a circumscribed territory.
Ocelots live in forests, where they hunt, mainly on the ground, both by day and by night.
Ocelots live in glassy plains and forest in South America.
Ocelots live in regions.
Ocelots make good pets.
Ocelots mark their territory with urine.
Ocelots prefer to hide and ambush.
Ocelots prey on rodents, rabbits and songbirds.
Ocelots prey on small rodents, rabbits, lizards, snakes and birds.
Ocelots produce loud yowls when they are ready to mate.
Ocelots pursue prey.
Ocelots reach maturity.
Ocelots reach sexual mature at about two years, and mate once or twice a year thereafter.
Ocelots rest in trees during the day and are nocturnal, hunting most of the night.
Ocelots retract claws.
Ocelots seek prey.
Ocelots sense presence.
Ocelots spend much of the day sleeping in the low branches of trees and are most active at night.
Ocelots stalk prey.
Ocelots stay with their mother until they are at least a year old.
Ocelots thrive in a variety of habitats, from lush groves to arid deserts and forests.
Ocelots try to spawn on grass blocks or leaves at sea level or higher in jungle biomes.
Ocelots often live in pairs, hunting together and maintaining contact by calling back and forth.
Ocelots often live in solitary within a territory.
Ocelots often sit perfectly still for a half hour or more waiting for unsuspecting prey.
Most ocelots become prey.
Most ocelots display behavior.
Most ocelots eat animals.
Most ocelots eat rodents.
Most ocelots enter water.
Most ocelots feed on rodents.
Most ocelots have backs.
Most ocelots have beautiful coats.
Most ocelots have coats.
Most ocelots have excellent eyesights.
Most ocelots have eye sight.
Most ocelots have eyesights.
Most ocelots have habits.
Most ocelots have keen eye sight.
Most ocelots have keen sight.
Most ocelots have legs.
Most ocelots have sight.
Most ocelots have spots.
Most ocelots have tongues.
Most ocelots have vision.
Most ocelots live in regions.
Most ocelots pursue prey.
Most ocelots reach maturity.
Most ocelots retract claws.
Most ocelots seek prey.
Most ocelots sense presence.
Most ocelots stalk prey.
Some ocelots are hit by cars.
Some ocelots become experts.
Some ocelots die from exhaustion.
Some ocelots have coat patterns.
Some ocelots have different coat patterns.
Some ocelots have different patterns.
Some ocelots have distribution.
Some ocelots have kittens.
Some ocelots have patterns.
Some ocelots have stripes.
Some ocelots hunt at nights.
Some ocelots learn techniques.
Some ocelots point teeth.
Some ocelots possess arms.
Some ocelots prey on mammals.
Some ocelots provide information.
Some ocelots swim in rivers.
Some ocelots take fish.
An ochre is a mineral
An ochre is pigment
Ochre allows programs to be quickly prototyped.
Ochre based blends repeatedly out perform other colors on a regular basis.
Ochre is clay and silica colored with various kinds of iron oxides.
Ochres are colour.
Ochronotic pigmentation can also develop from medications.
Ocimum sanctum is a aromatic plant and is thus also responsible for the aroma of the tea.
OCIP implementation has no real effect on a contractor's safety processes.
Ockley soils are silt loam or silty clay loam in the upper part of the argillic horizon.
Ocotal beach is calm and sandy, ideal for swimming, snorkeling and other beach activities.
OCR'd documents allow for text searches on documents.
OCSL staff are also available for individual consultation.
An octagon is a figure
Octagon has no long-term contracts with either customers or suppliers.
Octagons are constructible on the heels of squares with a single angle bisection.
Octagons are figures.
Octagons are polygons.
Octagons are shapes.
Octagons fill the space around the arches on the upper half of the walls.
Octagons have a centered symmetry with eight axes.
Octagons have eight sides to hold.
Octagonal bow has a dark gray oxhorn frog with a finely marbled grain.
Octagonal bow has an unusual light colored ox horn frog mounted in silver with a Parisian eye.
Octagonal pads make routing easier than round pads.
Octagonal plates have a substantially more uniform field than square plates.
Octagonal shape provides added strength and prevents roll around.
Octagonal slides slant upwards toward the top.
Octagonal windows are also attractive.
Octahedral cations are in yellow and green, tetrahedral in purple.
Octahedral crystals are extremely rare.
Octahedral crystals do occur, but are very rare.
Octahedral faces are generally free of striations in sphalerite.
Octahedral pyramids are a good starting point.
Octal numbers are a convenient shorthand for groups of three bits.
An octane rating is an amount
Octane rating has nothing to do with the energy or power in the gasoline.
Octane rating is in no way correlated with engine power or efficiency.
Octane rating measures a fuel's resistance to spontaneous sparking.
Octane ratings are a measure of the gasoline's ability to resist engine knock.
Octane ratings are a measurement of a fuel's performance.
Octane ratings measure gasoline's ability to resist engine knock.
An octane is a hydrocarbon
Octane helps the engine resist premature ignition.
Octane isa hydrocarbon.
Octane leads the field at the moment for desktop workstations.
Octane measures a fuel's resistance to engine knock.
Octanes are alkane.
Octanes are chemical compounds.
Octanes are hydrocarbons.
Octanes are liquids.
An octant is an instrument
Octant is a technophobe's worst nightmare.
Octant is clearly more than music.
Octant is kinetic art-a robot of sorts delivering movement color and sound.
Octave doublings create compound parallel organum.
An octave is a festival
Octaves are all a subset of the same frequency.
Octaves are great for adding fullness to the higher melody note.
Octaves are intervals.
Octaves are religious festivals.
Octaves are stanzas.
Octaves come out of the study of music.
Every octave is twice as high as the one before it, and half as long.
An octet is a musical group
Octet brings exceptional agility toward getting product developed creatively and on time.
Octet is for clarinet, horn, bassoon, string quartet and double bass.
Octet is in business to make money, but learning is a central part of our philosophy .
Octets are gathering.
Octets are musical compositions.
Octets are sets.
Octets are used in the technology field very often .
Octets are used in the technology field very often.
Octo dens are great places for shell collecting.
October has (part) calendar weeks.
October isa month.
An octogenarian is an oldster
Octogenarians have a longer natural hormone production.
Octonionic algebra being nonassociative is difficult to manipulate.
Octonionic norm is computed with onorm .
Octopi also crawl about the ocean floor, using their tentacles.
Octopi are also out hunting at night.
Octopi are carnivorous scavengers, and search for food by crawling along the bottom at night.
Octopi are sexual and mate polygamous.
Octopi are solitary, eight-armed animals that live on the ocean floor.
Octopi are top predators.
Octopi can perceive shape, color intensity and texture.
Octopi have gardens.
Octopi have separate sexes.
Octopi have tentacles, elephants have trunks.
Octopi range around the world.
Octopi stay near the bottom, and even big ones are timid.
Octopi thrive on the broad continental shelf.
Most octopi have glands.
Most octopi have muscles.
Most octopi have poison glands.
Most octopi have suckers.
Most octopi have tentacles.
Most octopi have types.
Some octopi attain weight.
Some octopi become superstars.
Some octopi cause inflammation.
Some octopi change color.
Some octopi eat crabs.
Some octopi eat shore crabs.
Some octopi go into shells.
Some octopi have beaks.
Some octopi have shells.
Some octopi kill humans.
Some octopi penetrate shells.
Some octopi use mimicry.
An octopod is a shellfish
Octopods are active and intelligent predators, with good eyesight and brains.
Octopods are cephalopods.
Octopods are highly intelligent, probably more so than any other invertebrate.
Octopods are the only invertebrate which has been conclusively shown to use tools.
Octopods have a variety of defences.
Octopods have eight tentacles, of equal length, covered with sessile suckers.
Octopods inhabit many regions of the ocean, especially coral reefs.
Octopods make up over one-third of the total number of living cephalopods.
Some octopods are venomous.
Octopus card is a contact-less smart card.
Octopus eyes are the most advanced light sense organs among all invertebrates.
Some octopus jellyfish have gray tints.
Some octopus jellyfish have tints.
An octopus is seafood
Octopi catch prey.
Octopi have glands.
Octopi have muscles.
Octopi have poison glands.
Octopi have suckers.
Octopi have tentacles.
Octopi have types.
Octopus isa seafood.
Octopuses also crawl over reefs, probing with their arms for hidden prey.
Octopuses also feast on tanner crabs.
Octopuses also have a trick unknown to Nautilus .
Octopuses also have an excellent sense of touch .
Octopuses also learn by watching a process without having tried it before.
Octopuses also use water but in a variety of ways that change their environment.
Octopuses are a favorite treat.
Octopuses are a source of nutrition for many marine species.
Octopuses are active at dawn and dusk, leaving their den to hunt.
Octopuses are active at night or during the early evening hours and tend to live alone.
Octopuses are also capable of changing their color, depending on mood and environment.
Octopuses are animals.
Octopuses are animals.
Octopuses are carnivorous, meaning they eat meat.
Octopuses are cephalopods.
Octopuses are characterized by their eight arms , usually bearing suction cups .
Octopuses are efficient hunters, with crabs, lobsters, and shrimps among their favorite dishes.
Octopuses are found in all seas on the Earth.
Octopuses are great at escaping.
Octopuses are highly intelligent , possibly more so than any other order of invertebrates .
Octopuses are intelligent animals and as a result their behaviour is varied and fascinating.
Octopuses are invertebrates.
Octopuses are located in oceans.
Octopuses are located in water.
Octopuses are molluscs.
Octopuses are mollusks, related to oysters, clams and snails.
Octopuses are octopods.
Octopuses are octopuses.
Octopuses are part of octopuses.
Octopuses are scary.
Octopuses are seafood.
Octopuses are shy when the sun's up, too.
Octopuses are solitary animals that live alone in dens.
Octopuses are some of the most antisocial, unfriendly animals alive.
Octopuses are strongly territorial and defend a home lair in a rock crevice or hole in a wreck.
Octopuses are the most intelligent of all the invertebrates.
Octopuses are the only invertebrates capable of tool manipulation.
Octopuses are thoroughly antisocial.
Octopuses are well known for squeezing into tight spaces.
Octopuses begin their lives as eggs, tended by their mother.
Octopuses belong to a group of animals called mollusks.
Octopuses bite their prey using a small parrotlike beak located in their mouths.
Octopuses camouflage themselves in response to a threat.
Octopuses can be either batch reared or reared in individual containers.
Octopuses can count and distinguish different colours.
Octopuses can open jars, squeeze through tiny openings, and hop from cage to cage for a snack.
Octopuses can use the water jet to play, too.
Octopuses can use their bodies as a nets to trap fish.
Octopuses catch their prey in a similar way like other cephalopods, by help of their tentacles.
Octopuses come in all sizes and are found throughout the world.
Octopuses consume mostly crustaceans and mollusks, most often small crabs and scallops.
Octopuses eat bottom-dwelling crustaceans.
Octopuses eat small crabs.
Octopuses even learn to unscrew lids to get at food.
Octopuses feed chiefly on crabs, clams, and snails.
Octopuses feed on crabs, snails, clams, small fishes and shrimps.
Octopuses have a mouth underneath their tentacles.
Octopuses have a relatively short life span, and some species live for as little as six months.
Octopuses have a slit-shaped rectangular pupil.
Octopuses have comparatively short lifespans.
Octopuses have dog-sized brains.
Octopuses have eight arms, which are extended from the mantle.
Octopuses have excellent vision.
Octopuses have got neither, they lack any trace of a shell, internal or external.
Octopuses have highly complex eyes which compare to human visual acuity.
Octopuses have keen eyesight.
Octopuses have no shells but the most advanced mollusc.
Octopuses have one of the stranger and more poignant mating and breeding sagas.
Octopuses have other unique abilities which most mollusks lack.
Octopuses have short lives.
Octopuses have the most complex brain of all the invertebrates.
Octopuses have three hearts .
Octopuses have tremendous gripping power.
Octopuses have two reproductive strategies.
Octopuses have very short lifespans, and some breed once before they die.
Octopuses have well-developed eyes, similar to our own.
Octopuses lack a shell all together.
Octopuses live close to land and in deep water.
Octopuses live in dens on the sea floor.
Octopuses live in different habitats between the tidal zone and up to seven kilometres depth.
Octopuses live short, lonely lives.
Octopuses love to destroy lab equipment.
Octopuses mate when they are two years old, and the male dies soon afterward.
Octopuses move about by crawling or swimming.
Octopuses pierce the shells of their prey, injecting poison that causes paralysis.
Octopuses reach their largest size in the cool temperate waters of the north and south Pacific.
Octopuses reproduce sexually.
Octopuses spray a cloud of ink at their predators.
Octopuses swim with their arms trailing behind.
Octopuses tend to be profoundly antagonistic towards each other.
Octopuses thrive at the base of the ridge.
Octopuses use dens for shelter, and discard remains outside the den in midden piles.
Octopuses use their eight sucker-lined arms to capture their prey and move about on the ocean floor.
Octopuses vary greatly in size.
Octopuses often break out of their aquaria and sometimes into others in search of food.
All octopuses are venomous, but only a few species pose a significant threat to humans.
Many octopuses produce venomous secretions.
Most octopuses can eject a thick, blackish ink in a large cloud to aid in escaping from predators.
Most octopuses live in shallow waters, where grabbing prey and holding on to the bottom is useful.
Most octopuses live only one or two years.
Most octopuses live shorter lives with shorter egg development, etc.
Most octopuses live singly in small rocky crevices or other protected places on the ocean bottom.
Some octopus also have a potent venom that can cause death to humans.
Some octopuses can change their color according to their mood.
Some octopuses can use their chromatophores for more than camouflage.
An octroi is a tariff
Octroi has some justification as an independent source of revenue for local governments.
Octroi is extra if applicable.
Ocular abnormalities are present in about one-third of all cases.
Ocular abnormalities are the hallmarks of Wernicke encephalopathy.
Ocular albinism involves primarily the eye.
Ocular albinism is transmitted through either an X-linked or autosomal recessive mode.
Ocular allergy comes when histamine is released from mast cells.
Ocular blastomycosis can cause rapid and permanent blindness.
Ocular complaints can vary as much as the disease itself.
Ocular complications require prompt consultation with the ophtalmologist.
Many ocular conditions present acutely and require immediate specialist referral.
All ocular damage is a function of both wavelength and intensity.
Ocular decontamination is accomplished by copious irrigation using tap water or normal saline.
Ocular discomfort is usually mild and subsides within a few days of the surgery.
Ocular disease is a byproduct of lid, conjunctival, and ocular surface deficits.
Some ocular diseases associate with exposure.
Some ocular diseases associate with solar exposure.
Ocular dominance is shown as the red and green areas.
Ocular dryness can lead to chronic keratoconjunctivitis and corneal ulcers.
Ocular dryness responds to the use of artificial tears applied every one to three hours.
Ocular effects can occur with the use of pseudoephedrine.
Ocular emergencies are coverd in one dedicated chapter.
Ocular evaporation is useful in defining the cause for symptoms of dry eye.
Ocular examination reveals injection of the bulbar conjunctiva, accompanied by a clear discharge.
Ocular examinations reveal presence.
Most ocular examinations reveal presence.
Ocular findings are occasionally the presenting features of the disease.
Ocular fragility is common, as well as angioid streaking.
Ocular hazards are greater in some occupations than others.
Ocular hemorrhage are a consistent finding, even early in the course of the disease.
Ocular hygiene is also very important.
Ocular hypertension causes no damage to vision or the eye.
Ocular hypertension has no noticeable signs or symptoms.
Ocular hypertension is higher than normal pressure of the eye.
Ocular infections take the form of conjunctivitis or trachoma , both in adults and children.
Ocular injections mean inserting a needle directly into the eye.
Ocular injuries occur frequently in both amateur and professional boxers.
Ocular involvement can be the only sign of illness.
Ocular involvement can occur without evidence of systemic disease and can be asymptomatic.
Ocular involvement includes orbital, intraocular, neuro-ophthalmological, and lid disturbances.
Ocular lesions are common, including mild conjunctivitis, burning and grittiness.
Ocular lesions occur in many inbred strains of laboratory mice.
Ocular manifestations are common in birds with respiratory and systemic disease.
Ocular manifestations are rare and occur in association with systemic illness.
Ocular manifestations are rare in typhoid fever.
Ocular massage is only helpful in patients who have undergone glaucoma filtration surgery.
Ocular melanin takes hours to bleach, while that from skin takes minutes.
Ocular melanoma is rare, and even more aggressive than cutaneous.
Ocular melanomas accumulate lymphocytes with the potential to kill tumor cells.
Ocular melanomas are more malignant than dermal melanomas.
Ocular migraine is a common medical problem.
Ocular migraines are visual disturbances in which visual images look gray or have a wavy appearance.
Ocular migraines produce stronger, longer lasting flashes of light.
Ocular morbidity is associated with anterior megalophthalmos.
Ocular motility is normal bilaterally.
Ocular motility means loss of vision efficiency in either eye, due to double or binocular vision.
An ocular muscle is a muscle
Ocular muscles develop.
Ocular organs obscure ordinary occurrences organizing horrors, humors, fervors.
Ocular pain is eye pain coming from the outer structures of the surface of the eye.
Ocular pathology is an integral part of the ophthlamology residency training programme.
Ocular pharmacology is the branch of medicine that specializes in medications to treat eye diseases.
Ocular photography is part of the regimen.
Ocular prosthesis replaces a missing right eye.
Ocular reflexes are of little value in monitoring depth of anesthesia in sheep.
Ocular rosacea can affect both the eye surface and eyelid.
Ocular rosacea is probably under diagnosed within the African American population.
Ocular sarcoidosis has varied presentations.
Ocular toxicity is uncommon with the dose and duration of therapy used in current clinical practice.
Ocular toxoplasmosis occurs from activation of cysts deposited in or near the retina.
Ocular treatment consists of intensive topical eye ointment.
Ocular ultrasound is performed before surgery to make sure the retina is attached.
An ocular is a lens
Oculars allow the wearing of spectacles.
Oculocutaneous albinism is inherited as .
An oculomotor is a cranial nerve
Oculomotor responses to step-ramp targets by young human infants.
Oculoplastic surgery is performed for congenital and acquired conditions about the orbit.
Oculoplastic surgery is surgery of the eyelids, eyebrows or eye sockets.
An oculus is a sense organ
Oculus allows for control in the setup of a Web cam.
Oculus also creates time-lapse movies and can even snap images when it detects motion.
Oculus has several options to control the size of the document and the display of the preview image.
Oculus then develops a custom CO application to exchange data among the existing tools.
ODBC code can be verbose and intricate.
ODBC compliance is a primary concern.
ODBC connectivity provides a flexible interface to the vast majority of popular databases.
ODBC database flows follow the same rules as file flows.
ODBC databases are also available with the higher end NT hosting package.
ODBC interface released See the press release for more details.
ODBC support is available on some platforms.
ODBC support is provided at multiple levels.
Odd ball places that time has forgotten.
Odd bedfellows create diversity and success.
Odd behavior is probably hereditary.
Odd Buys are Everywhere.
Some odd characters are present as a result of the translation to text.
Odd colors are desirable.
Odd combinations abound.
Odd companions create unusual environment.
Odd connections are a writer's best friend.
Odd couples meet a double.
Odd cups make neat candles, broken or chipped dishes for mosaics.
Odd days are days short of one week.
Odd districts are up for election.
Odd earth is fifteen minutes long.
Odd experiences continue to be reported in the restaurant and inn today.
Odd fish abandon mixed-species groups when threatened.
Odd foreigners do seem to be drawn to the place.
Odd groups are even.
Some odd groups go beyond mere oddities and become dangerous.
Odd hours are often the norm.
Odd jobs are sometimes a good outlet for teens in many ways.
Odd jobbers get the green light The country's demographics are changing.
Odd kingdoms develop from the advanced end of the previous kingdom.
Odd look fish have ability.
Odd lots trade in a separate odd lot book.
Odd man exist and runs to woods.
Odd microbe survives vast dose of radiation.
Some odd noise is present in it.
Odd number is hydro, even number is gear.
Odd number refers to setting prices just below even dollars.
Odd numbers alternate with even numbers.
Odd Numbers are chemicals, even numbers are labratory equipment.
Odd numbers are north-south, increasing by fours from west to east.
Odd numbers are north-south, increasing from east to west.
Odd numbers are orange spherical buoys, even numbers are yellow cans.
Odd numbers are yang, even numbers are yin.
Odd numbers don t count.
Odd numbers increase in a counterclockwise direction.
Odd numbers look best overall.
Odd numbers make for an interesting display.
Odd numbers signify imbalance and discord.
All odd numbers are prime.
Every odd number is the sum of three primes.
Odd objects attract fire - never lurk behind one.
Odd objects attract fire.
Odd occurrences interrupt the game.
Some odd omissions are sure to frustrate experienced Web artists.
Odd parity works similarly.
Odd phrase touches all the Web bases.
Odd phrases turn up in the middle of paragraphs due to a misunderstanding by the transcriptionist.
Odd pricing is used to denote low or sales prices.
Odd quantities are available.
Odd rolls allow pawns to enter the board.
Odd rounds go down, even go up.
Odd scans are activation, even scans are baseline.
Odd scents permeate the air.
Odd shapes are more appealing and more natural looking.
Odd shapes are nonmailable.
Odd shrines appear, as worshipers rediscover the one true faith.
Odd structures known as polar vortices lie within the cold polar collars.
Odd symmetry is used in differentiation.
Odd terms are larger than .
Odd terms vanish, and even terms decay rapidly.
Odd thing is, is that the background noise is the exact same everywhere.
Odd things begin to happen.
Odd things can happen when public property turns into private property.
Odd things do turn up in storage space, true to the stereotype.
Odd things happen one never anticipates.
Odd things happen to book and writers when they become famous.
Odd things happen when the law is pushed to the edge of reason.
Odd things start happening to Tea Cake.
Some odd things happen at the truck stop.
Some odd things occur during the game.
Odd timing keeps cicadas in their prime.
Odd topics are especially valuable.
Every odd volume has an index.
Odd weight makes calculating charge weights difficult.
Odd words come like fish leaping.
Odd years fall.
Odd years Fall.
Odd years mean odd games.
Oddball spellings are just annoying when trying to find and talk to someone.
An oddball is a person
Oddballs learn early to seek comfort where they can find it.
An oddity is eccentricity
Oddities abound here from caost to coast.
Oddities abound here.
Oddities are eccentricity.
Oddities are no inspiration for education.
Oddities are still nonexistent.
Oddities still abound.
Oddity gives the cyborg as certain power over our imagination.
Every oddity is present.
Some oddities mark the contract, however.
An oddness is eccentricity
Oddness is an essence.
Odds ratio refers to the chance of an event versus the chance of a non-event.
Odds ratios are a way of examining the likelihood of an event or behavior.
Odds ratios are invariant when the orientation of the rows and columns reversed.
Odds ratios are multivariable adjusted.
Odds ratios are used instead of relative risk for case-control studies.
Ode is a lyric poem
Ode is lyrics.
Ode is poems.
Odes also can suggest the passage of time.
ODEs can have a variety of forms as shown in the examples below.
Many odes mark important public events.
Odeic energy is in all things.
Most oden places make their own mixture so expect a difference depending on the stall or restaurant.
Odessa residents pay property taxes to the county and the school district.
Odic energy is the combined emanation of the pranamaya and annamaya koshas.
Odic power is a holding onto, a sort of a sticky type of a power.
Odious debt refers to money secured legitimately by an oppressive regime.
ODN decoys offer a means of specifically inhibiting transcription factor function in living cells.
Odometer fraud is a reason why curbside sellers can let a car go for a seemingly great price.
Odometer fraud is another big concern for any used car buyer.
Odometer fraud is another key element in the curbsider being able to offer such a good deal.
Odometer fraud is when an odometer is rolled back or disconnected.
Odometer fraud occurs when the true mileage of a vehicle is intentionally hidden from the consumer.
An odometer is a meter
Odometer also functions as a resettable trip odometer.
Odometer is calibrated in miles rather than kilometres.
Odometer isa measuring device.
Odometers have (part) sections.
Some odometers are part of ambulances.
Some odometers are part of automobiles.
Some odometers are part of autos.
Some odometers are part of cars.
Some odometers are part of dumpers.
Some odometers are part of go-karts.
Some odometers are part of motorbikes.
Some odometers are part of pickups.
Some odometers are part of taxis.
Some odometers are part of trucks.
An odonate is an insect
Odonates appear important.
Odonates are found on every continent except for Antarctica.
Odonates are insects.
Odonates are no longer familiar for Japanese children of the present age.
Odonates are very beautiful and charismatic creatures.
Odonates hatch from the eggs as an aquatic form known as a nymph.
Many odonates wander far from water and can be found in open areas and along trails.
Odontogenic cysts are developmental cysts arising from the enamel organ of teeth.
Most odontogenic infections involve plaque organisms.
Odontogenic myxomas are uncommon, benign tumors of the jaw bones.
Odontogenic neoplasms are uncommon.
Odor affects flavor.
Odor billows from the ground.
Odor compounds from any particular item are absorbed onto a thin, polymer film.
Odor is a property
Odor is located in air.
Odor is located in dirty laundries.
Odor is sensory information.
Odor isa property.
Odor lingers long after the fire burns out.
Odor signatures and kin recognition.
Odor thresholds for chemicals with established occupational health standards.
Odor thresholds in passerines .
Odors also leave a lasting scent-sation.
Odors are detected through some fifty million olfactory receptor cells.
Odors are difficult to control but several methods can be used.
Odors are difficult to measure.
Odors are hard to explain away and are always noticed.
Odors are manure products.
Odors are molecules of chemicals from almost anything.
Odors are more important to trace than charred wiring.
Odors are obviously a problem, mostly with the relatively mild odor from the aerobic phase.
Odors are often the first indication that harsh chemicals are present.
Odors are probably present.
Odors are the only communication signals that are effective around corners.
Odors are the spice of life.
Odors are under control, and the final product is noticably of a higher quality.
Odors attract bears, so avoid carrying or cooking odorous foods.
Odors attract bears.
Odors can at times indicate that there is a problem.
Odors can be a nuisance to producers and cause complaints or even lawsuits by neighbors.
Odors can be nearly as intense four miles downwind as they are at the site.
Odors can bring about an unwanted, costly nuisance lawsuit.
Odors can build up down there if there is a leak or cleaning solutions spill.
Odors can come from bacteria beneath the gum line.
Odors can develop when the windrow is too large.
Odors can have powerful influences.
Odors can occur with improperly functioning beds.
Odors can result from anaerobic conditions if too much moisture accumulates in the unit.
Odors carry better on moist air, and breath adds moisture.
Odors come from the gas molecules.
Odors come from the release of organic compounds during the fermentative decomposition of manure.
Odors come from waste that sticks to the disposal wall and slowly molds and rots.
Odors coming from the stomach are almost never the cause of chronic bad breath.
Odors conjure up memories and stir emotions.
Odors continue until the body eliminates the food.
Odors disappear as spray dries.
Odors elicit three different oscillations in the turtle olfactory bulb .
Odors elicit three different oscillations in the turtle olfactory bulb.
Odors emanate from plant and leave a trail to the plant.
Odors emit from brown strips or pebbles.
Odors emitted by the rest of the body are of minor importance.
Odors evoke complex and highly individual reactions.
Odors have a strong impact.
Odors have an amazing effect on our moods, because they hook into the primitive parts of our brains.
Odors have both attractant and repellent qualities.
Odors here can be noxious as well as obnoxious.
Odors influence the selection of food as much as the selection of a mate.
Odors initially interact with receptor neurons in the olfactory epithelium.
Odors left by the colony can linger for a long time and attract other swarming bees.
Odors left by the killed colony can linger for a long time and attract other swarming bees.
Odors naturally occur in sewage collection systems.
Odors persist for months and years as do fatigue and malaise from newly renovated homes and offices.
Odors play an important role in agouti communication.
Odors produced by skin microflora also play a part in inducing the mosquito to land.
Odors reach into all our emotional lives, drawing from the deepest caves in our minds.
Odors seem more various than pheromones.
Odors seem to be powerful influences in many of one s daily activities.
Odors Sets the operating standards for non-agricultural uses which emit odors.
Odors significantly improve the retrievability of labels and words .
Odors significantly improve the retrievability of labels and words.
Odors suggestive of molds, mushrooms and fungi.
Odors tend to be stronger in high humidity and heat.
Odors trapped in a covered box can deter the cat's use, so be sure to change all boxes frequently.
Odors trigger the release to the brain certain chemicals known as neurochemicals.
Odors waft up the nasal cavity to a patch of nerve cells above the eyes.
Any odor can become offensive when it is too strong.
Every odor nauseates.
Many odor reducing additives are under development.
Most odor affects flavor.
Most odors consist of mixtures of odorant molecules.
Some odor affects activities.
Some odor attracts beetles.
Some odor attracts bury beetles.
Some odor attracts disperse beetles.
Some odor attracts insects.
Some odor attracts pests.
Some odor attracts predators.
Some odor comes from urine.
Some odor indicates infection.
Some odor is caused by digestion.
Some odor is caused by secretion.
Some odors can inhibit the cell.
Odorant blends based on tert-butyl mercaptan are the most popular odorant blends used today.
Odorant concentrations can vary throughout a gas distribution system.
Odorant exposure can decrease subsequent response.
Odorant receptors govern the formation of a precise topographic map.
Odorless substances consist of water.
Most odorless substances consist of water.
Odorous air is channeled through odor removal equipment.
Odorous pollutants seem to be properly removed.
Odour is a property
Odour is of course difficult to assess and measure.
Odour plays a particularly strong role in attracting male insects to the mimicking orchids.
Odours are either pleasant or unpleasant.
Odours attract bears.
Odours can have a major impact on memory, learning, emotions, and thinking.
Odours tend to linger in an area on humid, windless days.
Odours thus help to carry the meaning of their sources, evoking recognition and affect.
Odyssey expansion is a brutal environment where deadly pit fighting is the order of the day.
Odyssey fans tend to be adventurous travelers with a literary bent.
Odyssey kayaks offer conventional features like bulkheads, hatches, recessed fittings, skeggs, etc.
Odyssey pics are here .
Odyssey probe blasts off for Mars .
OECF projects tend to be in infrastructure, environmental and agricultural sectors.
Oedipal guilt is of course well known to all.
OEMI channel See block multiplexer channel .
OEMs products are welcome.
Oenkmarian society is very structures and orderly.
Oesophageal cancer is one of the most aggressive forms of cancer.
Oesophageal candidiasis is diagnosed when dysphagia is present with thrush.
Oesophageal glands overlap the intestine ventrally less than two body widths as a broad lobe.
Oesophagus lumen reappears caudal to bifurcation.
An oestrogen is a sex hormone
Oestrogen reduces milk output.
Oestrogens also play a part as the cell receptors for progesterone are oestrogen-dependent.
Oestrogens are essential for helping the tissues keep their strength and elasticity.
Oestrogens can increase the number of proliferating cells in the human endometrium in vivo .
Oestrogens have very broad effects in the body.
An oestrone is an oestrogen
Oestrone is embryolethal for preimplantation embryos in some species.
Oestrus lasts five days, and mating is unusually brief.
Oestrus lasts for a day or less.
An oeuvre is output
Oeuvres completes. .
Oeuvres dramatique .
Oeuvres instrumentales et vocales .
Oeuvres pour orchestre.
OFB staff are familiar faces in the schools in both counties.
Ofcourse panic is the real killer in diving just as it is in any many other sports.
Ofcourse quality is a great function of the keypoints selected.
Ofcourse time is mutually valuable.
An offal is an organs
Offal isa meat.
Most offal is fine as long as it is purchased from a supermarket or butcher.
Some offbeat museums have unconventional locations.
Offbeat pieces rank among the most valuable in the series.
Offbeat routines are dynamic, energetic and fun.
Offbeat stores attract.
Offence goes both ways.
Offence is a little hard to manage.
Offence is an operation
Offence is removed only by love.
Offence wins games and defence wins championships - so they say.
Offence wins over fans.
Offences are any actions whatsoever whose effect is to reduce the idleness of other persons.
Offences are punishable by law.
Offences being forbidden, it is implied that duties are required.
Offences range from shoplifting and arson, to assault rape, and manslaughter.
All offences have certain inherent time requirements which inevitably lead to delay.
All offences relating to cannabis oil are non-expiable and are dealt with by the courts.
Any offence falling under the other two grades relate to driving hour breaches.
Many offences committed by young people are alcohol or drug related.
Most offences are bailable.
Most offences committed by Aborigines involve alcohol or are alcohol-related.
Some offences can be misdemeanors or felonies, depending on degree.
Some offences incur substantial fines and the possibility of imprisonment.
Offend bacteria cause problems.
Offended customers go away.
Offended people build walls for protection, and their focus becomes self-preservation.
Offender information includes name, general area of residence, date of birth and crime committed.
Offender treatment is provided for female sex offenders and abusers.
An offender is a bad person
Offenders admit returning to the same targets.
Offenders also can benefit from the process.
Offenders also have difficulty with social perspective-taking.
Offenders also have the option to work in supervised work crews.
Offenders also learn to accept responsibility.
Offenders also learn to distinguish between certain myths and facts regarding sexual assault.
Offenders apologize for their crimes.
Offenders apply for or request parole.
Offenders apply problem-solving steps to problems in their own lives.
Offenders are also liable to prosecution or disciplinary proceedings.
Offenders are always men.
Offenders are always strangers to the child.
Offenders are an integral part of the labor force and are used in many capacities on the farm level.
Offenders are assembled into platoons and graduation is held monthly.
Offenders are definitely more violent.
Offenders are disproportionately heterosexual men.
Offenders are eligible for parole after they are released from prison.
Offenders are hard to control and disruptive.
Offenders are liable to fines and up to five years imprisonment.
Offenders are liable to fines.
Offenders are more recalcitrant and violent, with a propensity to exhibit dangerous behavior.
Offenders are more willing to risk death than a non-fatal bite from a German Shepherd.
Offenders are on notice.
Offenders are opportunistic when targeting vehicles.
Offenders are potentially subject to disciplinary action, including loss of purchasing privileges.
Offenders are predominantly young and male.
Offenders are responsible for a large portion of the costs associated with their treatment.
Offenders are responsible for registering themselves.
Offenders are responsible for the assaults.
Offenders are subject to disciplinary action.
Offenders are subject to fines and loss of library privileges according to the demerit schedule .
Offenders are subject to fines.
Offenders are subject to removal from the list.
Offenders are subject to steep fines and up to five years imprisonment.
Offenders are the only ones truly responsible for crime.
Offenders are to be treated respectfully and with basic dignity .
Offenders are to receive immediate penalties.
Offenders are typically minority males, seventeen to twenty five years old.
Offenders are under supervision from periods of a few months to life terms.
Offenders become more aggressive as time passes.
Offenders better understand the nature of the offense and their impact on the victim.
Offenders can access computers at home, the office or even the local public library.
Offenders can also advance their rehabilitation by hearing directly from their victims.
Offenders can be friends, family members, acquaintances, and other relatives.
Offenders can be of any age and gender, and come from all walks of life.
Offenders can be of the opposite sex or of the same sex as their victims.
Offenders can be strangers or people that the child knows.
Offenders can change their phone list every six months.
Offenders can expect jail sentences and fines.
Offenders can expect to be arrested, held for at least several hours and fined.
Offenders can face up to two months in jail and a fine if convicted.
Offenders can have their eligibility restored sooner if they complete drug rehabilitation.
Offenders can incur detention, severe fines, prison sentences and possible deportation.
Offenders can receive life terms for possessing or selling even small amounts of narcotics.
Offenders can tell their story of why the crime occurred and how it has affected their lives.
Offenders come from rural and urban settings throughout Colorado.
Offenders commonly have marginal education and low self esteem, a formula for failure.
Offenders consider it a violation of their privacy.
Offenders develop empathy.
Offenders engage in comprehensive relapse prevention planning.
Offenders face even greater difficulties after release from prison.
Offenders face fines, probation and even jail time, along with educational and career difficulties.
Offenders face heavy fines.
Offenders forfeit their vehicles only after they are given many chances and warnings.
Offenders gain empathy and understanding.
Offenders generally report by telephone or mail.
Offenders get an opportunity to see the pain, anger, and devastation that sexual child abuse causes.
Offenders have a right to privacy and to confidential handling of all information they provide.
Offenders have all their rights.
Offenders have an obligation to be active participants in addressing their own needs.
Offenders have an opportunity to take responsibility for what they have done.
Offenders have other means at their disposal to intimidate.
Offenders have rights deserving of protection.
Offenders have six months to complete the program and keep their records clean.
Offenders hear firsthand how their behavior has affected people.
Offenders initially attend individual sessions and then proceed to group sessions.
Offenders is the name given to a person who sexually abuses children.
Offenders learn a marketable skill and children receive equipment to learn.
Offenders learn affective communication skills.
Offenders learn conflict resolution skills.
Offenders learn options for modifying non-social and violent behavior while incarcerated.
Offenders learn skills that translate into their eventual self-sufficiency.
Offenders learn valuable skills and their work directly benefits our children.
Offenders leave the corrections system with greater skills than when they entered.
Offenders live in dorm-style rooms.
Offenders make decisions, for which they are accountable.
Offenders meet with the principal for think time.
Offenders never give any indication as to where the money comes from.
Offenders never work in the community to pay back society for their crimes.
Offenders participate in determining restitution and, where appropriate, reconciliation.
Offenders pay for electronic home monitoring.
Offenders perform public service work in the community when ordered by the court.
Offenders perform restorative community work service which promotes a bond with the community.
Offenders placed in control release supervision receive minimal levels of surveillance.
Offenders receive a warning and statistics are recorded.
Offenders receive basic medical care at each facility.
Offenders receive money from their family and friends through deposits to a trust account.
Offenders receive monthly bank statements that show all account transactions.
Offenders receive monthly statements that show all trust fund account transactions.
Offenders released on parole are free to live their lives as they please.
Offenders remain in treatment until released by the therapist and parole officer.
Offenders require telecommunications facilities.
Offenders risk being banned from the list or forbidden from making future posts to the open forum.
Offenders risk having their vehicle impounded.
Offenders risk hefty fines and having their vehicles being towed away.
Offenders risk up to two years' imprisonment.
Offenders run the risk of being barred from the list.
Offenders run the risk of dismissal from the room.
Offenders run the risk of expulsion from the course.
Offenders say it is the hardest thing they have ever had to do.
Offenders scour the sheds, stealing provisions.
Offenders spend a significant amount time working in the community.
Offenders spend four to ten weeks in a residential work camp in the Columbia Gorge.
Offenders still have the right to self-determination.
Offenders take responsibility for their actions.
Offenders take steps to repair harm and make amends.
Offenders tend to be narcissistic and seem unable to have empathy for their victims.
Offenders tend to be out of touch with their feelings and sexualize their feelings.
Offenders tend to be sexually and emotionally immature.
Offenders tend to remain isolated.
Offenders typically blame their victims for the abuse.
Offenders typically receive remedial education, vocational training, counseling, and health care.
Offenders use a number of tactics to gain access to children and to ensure their victim's silence.
Offenders use their ability to manipulate what victims hear to maximum advantage.
Offenders use videos, meditation, visualization, and exercises.
Offenders wear an ankle bracelet that constantly broadcasts their location.
Offenders wear leg bracelets that are electronically connected to the site.
Offenders work in businesslike settings where quality, value, and productivity are key.
Offenders often feel intense guilt, but feel compelled to act.
Offenders often have difficulty identifying other behavioral options.
Offenders usually spend time in a halfway house if they have been paroled or released.
All offenders are male, all victims are female.
All offenders are subject to prosecution.
All offenders have the right to necessary medial, dental and mental health services.
All offenders receive a formal caution on completion of the scheme.
Every offender gets the choice to serve too.
Every offender is required to participate in treatment.
Many offenders appear to have positive views about receiving treatment for substance-abuse problems.
Many offenders are under the influence of drugs or alcohol when offenses are committed.
Many offenders blame their criminal acts on alcohol.
Many offenders convicted of felonies, however, never go to prison.
Many offenders convicted of misdemeanors never go to jail.
Many offenders deny any wrongdoing.
Many offenders fit the criteria for never being released from maximum security.
Many offenders have NO official criminal record or sex crime history of any kind.
Many offenders have similar problems even though some are 'provincial' and some are 'federal'.
Many offenders lack employment and educational skills, which limits their ability to earn a living.
Many offenders maintain and deny that they did anything wrong or caused the victim any harm.
Many offenders prey on individuals because they appear lost or distracted.
Many offenders target victims who appear passive and vulnerable.
Most offenders accomplish the service behind prison walls.
Most offenders are adult males, but some women also molest children.
Most offenders are African-American men.
Most offenders are better off now than when they where free.
Most offenders are impulsive, short-term thinkers.
Most offenders are in jail for violent or repeat offenses.
Most offenders are indeed victims of ignorance.
Most offenders are male, but sexual assault of males by females can and does occur.
Most offenders are men who differ from the victim in race or ethnicity.
Most offenders are ordinarily subject to a three-year period of parole supervision.
Most offenders are stepfathers, live-in paramours or boyfriends of mothers.
Most offenders benefit from exploring how to best express their feelings about the offense.
Most offenders change and eventually comply with the law.
Most offenders commit a variety of offenses.
Most offenders commit new crimes while on parole.
Most offenders crave the attention gleaned from hospital staffs, doctors, and family members.
Most offenders have misdemeanor charges, but the program can accomodate non-violent felons.
Most offenders live in the neighborhood where they are caught.
Most offenders now plead guilty, pay a fine and leave.
Most offenders plead guilty as charged.
Most offenders receive some kind of treatment, but almost half fail to complete it.
Most offenders receive substance abuse education, with many needing long-term treatment.
Most offenders see the incident as opportunistic and express regret.
Most offenders serve jail time rather than pay fines.
Most offenders throw or discard trash at times or places when the chance of being seen is minimal.
Some offenders are extremely dangerous, maybe more so than ever.
Some offenders are Grand Rapids residents.
Some offenders are persistent.
Some offenders are very intelligent or knowledgeable.
Some offenders deserve parole.
Some offenders have crimes sentenced under more than one law.
Some offenders have to be careful about how they handle family reconciliation.
Some offenders just move to a new location and continue under a new name.
Some offenders use their religion as an excuse for their hate.
Offense alone brings victory.
Offense begins by stepping up to the plate.
Offense calls for offensive strategies.
Offense calls the fouls.
Offense can either be on their knees or in the position listed below.
Offense comes and goes, but defense can be steady.
Offense comes and goes.
Offense comes easily to the self-righteous.
Offense depends on protecting the basketball .
Offense dominates game one and pitching controls game two.
Offense dominates, then pitching does.
Offense fills stadiums and defense wins championships.
Offense includes unease as well as outrage.
Offense is a big word in Cuba.
Offense is a given.
Offense is a stumbling block in our spiritual walk.
Offense is a way, too.
Offense is about execution.
Offense is about finding empty ice.
Offense is all about enabling new business processes.
Offense is an afterthought.
Offense is another concern.
Offense is behavior
Offense is believed to be drug related.
Offense is considered a bonus.
Offense is defense, and defense is offense.
Offense is fun.
Offense is given a secondary priority.
Offense is glitzy during the year, but defense wins championships.
Offense is good, too.
Offense is immoral.
Offense is in the mind of the beholder, true.
Offense is just a luxury coming from the catcher.
Offense is loaded at skilled positions.
Offense is more like a machine.
Offense is more of a natural skill.
Offense is only half the winning combination.
Offense is operations.
Offense is overwhelming defense.
Offense is probably the biggest difference.
Offense is quick and dirty.
Offense is skill, but defense is desire.
Offense is so much playing with confidence, playing with timing.
Offense is straight, side, back and forward.
Offense is taken when insults fly but also when none was meant.
Offense is teams.
Offense is the best defense.
Offense is the team in possession of the ball.
Offense is trivial.
Offense is very important in basketball.
Offense is what sells tickets.
Offense is where the realism truly suffers.
Offense is, after all, where most of the points are scored.
Offense isa behavior.
Offense just comes naturally.
Offense looking up, U.S. women are suddenly suspect on defense.
Offense makes the call.
Offense makes the highlight shows.
Offense moves the ball up and down the field to score points.
Offense offends our enemies.
Offense only comes when people feel threatened.
Offense only gets one attempt at scoring.
Offense puts up the points on the board, but defense sets the tone.
Offense requires proof.
Offense sells tickets, but defense wins championships.
Offense sells tickets.
Offense starts with defense.
Offense tucks it in too soon.
Offense when taken is relative.
Offense wins by taking and holding the objective for six consecutive turns.
Offense wins fans, defense wins championships.
Offense wins games but defense wins championships .
Offense wins games but defense wins championships.
Offense wins games, but defense wins championships.
Offense wins games, defense wins championships.
Offense wins games.
Offense wins regular season games.
Offenses accumulate during the entire seasonal year.
Offenses accumulate from year to year, rather than starting fresh each fall semester as in the past.
Offenses are a felony.
Offenses are all action contrary to established policies, practices, job assignments or orders.
Offenses are common, and the offender usually wants to be forgiven.
Offenses are for each semester.
Offenses are punishable by a fine and up to one year imprisonment for subsequent infractions.
Offenses are punishable by stiff prison sentences and fines.
Offenses are sin.
Offenses are the unlawful acts reported to a law enforcement agency.
Offenses are unlawful acts reported to a law enforcement agency.
Offenses become relevant based upon the nature of the position.
Offenses can transcend national boundaries and very often do.
Offenses committed by strangers also have different patterns for juvenile and adult perpetrators.
Offenses committed include minor acts of lewdness to more harsh felonies such as incest.
Offenses covered under the bill are indecent assault, indecent exposure and open lewdness.
Offenses divide people.
Offenses have trouble passing.
Offenses involving violence, dishonesty or breach of trust are in that category.
Offenses know when a defense is playing search and destroy.
Offenses occur before curfew hours.
Offenses range from arguing in public in Singapore to more serious drug-related charges.
Offenses range from minor violations, such as having an unlicensed dog, to animal cruelty.
Offenses range from misdemeanor to capitol cases and involve court testimony and depositions.
Offenses range from shoddy medical care to reckless dispensation of narcotics, state records show.
Offenses relate to events and arrests relate to persons.
Offenses require more practice time to perform at a professional level than do defenses.
Offenses often talk about stretching a defense.
Offense sometimes goes stale for stretches.
Offenses usually come when people think they've been treated unfairly or falsely accused.
All offenses are cumulative over a student's high school tenure.
All offenses result in club fine.
Any offense is a plus.
Every offense knows that it needs a good defense to survive.
Every offense needs different types of receivers.
Many offenses are undetected and the rates can only increase with longer follow up periods.
Many offenses lie on the boundary between two different crime types.
Many offenses occur in the pastor's study at church during working hours.
Most offense requires proof.
Most offenses undermine one thing or another.
Some offense has requirements.
Some offense involves adults.
Some offense involves children.
Some offense involves pupils.
Some offenses are good at playing catch-up.
Some offenses are punishable under state and federal laws.
Some offenses are reliant on the starters while others heavily involve bench players.
Some offenses are serious enough to have licensure to practice revoked.
Some offenses prohibit continued operation of the vehicle by the driver.
Offensible space is a result of the community's disorganization and lack of citizen consensus.
Offensive actions undermine an opponent's ability to stay in the fight.
Offensive aggression is more likely to occur among herps that are naturally pugnacious.
Offensive content includes the depiction of graphic sexual activity, depravity or profanity.
Some offensive coordinators like to number the outside 'hole' twice.
Offensive hockey comes from hunger.
Offensive ideas welcome.
Offensive information is all over the internet and is easily reached by children.
Offensive interference is called whenever the above situations occur.
Offensive language has no place in the message center.
Offensive language is a perfect example of such an offence.
Offensive language is embarrassing to others.
Offensive line is a question here.
Offensive line is all technique.
Offensive line is another example.
Offensive line is big and strong.
Offensive line is no problem.
Offensive line is one of league's best.
Offensive line is strong in pass protection.
Offensive line needs to stay healthy because of limited depth.
Offensive lines are key For sure, the system is a huge factor when examining fantasy potential.
Offensive lines have a decision to make who they want to double-team and who they want to single.
Offensive lines have to be more aware of it.
Offensive lines make the back.
Offensive lineman are short on glamour and even shorter on statistics.
Offensive linemen are a hot item now.
Offensive linemen are football's coal miners, all picks and shovels and grim determination.
Offensive linemen block at angles into the defensive linemen's lower legs.
Offensive linemen block the way offensive linemen are supposed to.
Offensive linemen have it easy in the era of the pass.
Offensive linemen have prominent guts and wide receivers are usually tall and wiry.
Offensive linemen have to watch the ball, making it harder to notice defensive stunts.
Most offensive linemen take at least two years to develop.
Offensive material includes nudity, advertisements, images of children, and copyrighted material.
Offensive material is a particular problem area and fuller background can be accessed here .
Offensive missiles are a deadly threat.
Offensive noise is more than a legal issue.
Offensive numbers are still outrageous and pitchers remain helpless targets.
Offensive odor emanating from a patient is equally unpleasant for the treating doctor.
Offensive odors diasappear.
Offensive odors reappear.
Offensive players are responsible for retrieving the ball after a down has ended.
Offensive players are responsible for retrieving the ball after a scrimmage down.
Offensive players say crowd noise is interfering with pre-snap calls and signals.
Offensive players try a layup or another good percentage shot.
Offensive players vote for the defensive squad and defensive players vote for the offense.
All offensive players are eligible to receive a pass.
Any offensive player can receive the ball in the end zone.
Offensive production is merely an added bonus.
Offensive rebounds are one of the most demoralizing things in basketball.
Offensive schemes can be complicated and difficult to learn.
Offensive sets look a lot like basketball plays, with plenty of screens and picks.
Offensive sets revolve around the ability of all players being able to read defensive pressure.
Offensive softball is a process.
Offensive strategies involve increasing process, promotion, quality, or customer service.
Offensive styles vary from team to team.
Offensive team can score.
Offensive team gets choice of the play or re-bat.
Offensive team hikes the ball.
All offensive tokens return to bases instead of landing on the challenged planet or moon.
Offensive use is an exception to the attorney-client privilege.
Offensive views exist.
Offensive war is wrong, defensive war is permissible.
Offensive words can only echo in one's ears if a person listens.
Offer letters are important for several reasons.
Offer letters are the most effective approach.
An offer is a speech act
Offer academia a triannual update of the database instead of an annual update.
Offer academia a useful package with diminished capabilities.
Offer advise on improving performance.
Offer advise on procedures or processes for use with our software.
Offer advise on ways to improve performance.
Offer affiliates the chance to earn the same rewards as larger partners.
Offer anecdotes .
Offer answers to commonly asked questions from parents and teachers.
Offer applies only at weekends.
Offer applies only to banner ads.
Offer applies only to Fine Art intended for personal use.
Offer applies only to identical item and accessories.
Offer applies only to individual consumers.
Offer applies only to individual students taking multiple classes.
Offer applies only to new, unused and identical products.
Offer applies only to owner-occupied residential properties.
Offer applies only to specific school visits.
Offer applies only to the accessories listed above.
Offer applies only to titles in stock.
Offer applies to addresses within the U.S. postal system only.
Offer applies to all galleries.
Offer applies to all Galleries.
Offer applies to all rentals.
Offer applies to an all inclusive rental of a white luxury car.
Offer applies to any concert in our season.
Offer applies to base holiday prices.
Offer applies to bookings on our UK site only.
Offer applies to both new and existing customers.
Offer applies to commercial services for new accounts only.
Offer applies to Continental United States shipments only.
Offer applies to exhibit or combination tickets.
Offer applies to facility use only.
Offer applies to first booking only.
Offer applies to first time students only.
Offer applies to full price purchases only.
Offer applies to homeowners only.
Offer applies to homeowners with satisfactory credit history.
Offer applies to horse tack and t-shirt orders shipped within the United States.
Offer applies to horse tack orders shipped within the United States.
Offer applies to installment loans only.
Offer applies to licensed professional pest managment companies and end users only.
Offer applies to local broadcasts only.
Offer applies to new bookings only.
Offer applies to new clients only.
Offer applies to new customers only.
Offer applies to new HELCs only and owner occupants.
Offer applies to new individual and group bookings.
Offer applies to new lines of credit secured by the borrowers' personal residence.
Offer applies to new registrations only.
Offer applies to new residential customers only.
Offer applies to non-commercial offerings only.
Offer applies to one new account per customer.
Offer applies to one new bank account per customer.
Offer applies to one shipping location only.
Offer applies to one transaction per customer.
Offer applies to online applicants only.
Offer applies to owner occupied homes only.
Offer applies to participating properties in London and Paris.
Offer applies to regularly priced herbal, vitamin and nutritional products and essential oils.
Offer applies to renewing subscribers only.
Offer applies to residential service only.
Offer applies to residential subscribers.
Offer applies to standard accommodation.
Offer applies to standard ground deliveries only.
Offer applies to standard shipping only.
Offer applies to stateroom category G and E on.
Offer applies to sticker above only.
Offer applies to store stock only.
Offer applies to the key of equal or lessor value.
Offer applies to Virgin Islands residents only.
Offer argue except the valley instead steer auto racing organization.
Offer argue except the valley instead steer book stores on line.
Offer argue except the valley instead steer budget car sales.
Offer argue except the valley instead steer budget form.
Offer argue except the valley instead steer cheapest long distance rate.
Offer argue off none jordan sneakers.
Offer author no guidance on what to write next.
Offer based on space availability, minimum nights do apply.
Offer beverages such as skim milk, orange juice and seltzer water.
Offer beverages to families and visitors in the surgery waiting room.
Offer breaks to students who become fatigued.
Offer businesses the opportunity to purchase table- top displays at each luncheon.
Offer Buy one beer, get one free.
Offer cabanas with beautiful ocean views plus many other ammenities.
Offer callers a short list of no more than four or five menu options.
Offer can to a friend.
Offer candidates a personal touch.
Offer cereal two times a day and gradually make it thicker.
Offer children a coffee can to collect rain samples.
Offer classes in that discipline's bibliography.
Offer courses that foster classroom civility and work to build strong positive ethos in the schools.
Offer cows a clean fresh sward of leafy grass after each milking.
Offer critiques, too.
Offer deals on brand name fishing tackle and products.
Offer does include the new exercise books - Listen In.
Offer draw Offers the opponent a draw.
Offer drinks several times a day, such as water, decaffeinated coffee or tea, juice, or broth.
Offer end users technical support.
Offer ends on Ongoing.
Offer ends soon.
Offer Ends Soon.
Offer ends when the last set is sold.
Offer ends without further notice.
Offer excludes banner ads on the opening screen.
Offer excludes chicken, steak and supreme products.
Offer excludes driver protection, petrol, excess kms, stamp duty and one way rental fees.
Offer excludes food and litter items and is limited to first time buyers only.
Offer excludes free hosting and parking plans.
Offer excludes gas and insurance.
Offer excludes gift cards.
Offer excludes gift certificates and a few brands.
Offer excludes Grand Circle seating and previously purchased tickets.
Offer excludes holidays.
Offer excludes international delivery charges.
Offer excludes international orders.
Offer excludes lakefront sites.
Offer excludes prior purchases.
Offer excludes select catagories.
Offer excludes service charges.
Offer excludes special orders, purchase of gift certificates and leased department merchandise.
Offer excludes taxes and shipping and returned merchandise.
Offer excludes taxes, packaging, handling, and freight.
Offer excludes the cost of shipping.
Offer excludes the shipment of oversized items and shipments to Alaska and Hawaii.
Offer excludes tobacco, candy, film collectibles and sundry items.
Offer excludes trial software and product doc kits.
Offer exercises for trouble spots, focusing on spontaneously combustive creativity.
Offer expires at midnight tonight.
Offer expires at midnight.
Offer expires soon.
Offer expires tomorrow midnight.
Offer expires tomorrow.
Offer expires upon graduation.
Offer expires when approx.
Offer expires when book is published.
Offer expires when they are gone.
Offer expires yesterday.
Offer families the chance to take sample standardized tests.
Offer fans the online convenience of secured ticket purchases and season renewals.
Offer fans the online convenience of secured ticket purchases, online season renewals and donations.
Offer fathers the space and opportunity to get together informally and just talk.
Offer features to attract, retain, and build lasting relationships with entertainment consumers.
Offer feed back quickly after the interview.
Offer feedback about their condition.
Offer feedback about their Web pages.
Offer feedback or ask questions.
Offer feedback regularly.
Offer fluids frequently in small amounts.
Offer foods one at a time.
Offer forsake a cheap racquetball behind bark.
Offer fully array of title products including online ordering and tracking.
Offer give-aways such as pens, buttons, and stickers for older kids.
Offer graduates ongoing placement assistance throughout their career.
Offer guests a choice of several kinds of tea.
Offer guests the option to order half-portions.
Offer guides to help people find the best music.
Offer Has Expired Please fill out form as thoroughly as possible.
Offer has no expiration date.
Offer help an re-establish the day, date and time.
Offer help early.
Offer help somehow.
Offer hope in a world that takes hope away.
Offer hope that alternatives are available .
Offer hope that alternatives are available.
Offer includes a one-night stay in a charming room with private bath and waterviews.
Offer includes a two-night stay in a charming room with private bath and waterviews.
Offer includes access to our growing resume database for the duration of the job ad.
Offer includes air transfers.
Offer includes all furnishings, fixtures, machinery, and equipment.
Offer includes American buffet breakfast.
Offer includes dealer participation.
Offer includes double room and breakfast.
Offer includes early booking savings.
Offer includes first hygiene visit and complimentary home care kit and instructions.
Offer includes first hygiene visit complimentary home care kit instructions.
Offer includes free Internet access in the club lounge.
Offer includes free print with an electronic subscription.
Offer includes Free Shipping.
Offer includes funds for moving expenses.
Offer includes great pay, flexible hours, casual dress and real on the job training.
Offer includes initial exam consultation.
Offer includes the month the account is opened and the following two months.
Offer includes two tickets to Pleasure Island per room.
Offer includes two-night stay in a charming room with private bath and waterviews.
Offer includes x-rays as needed, oral cancer screening and complimentary home care instructions.
Offer Indicates a willingness to sell a futures contract at a given price.
Offer Indicates a willingness to sell at a given price.
Offer is a cond.
Offer is accepted, rejected, or countered.
Offer is accepted.
Offer is active in North America, Europe, Middle East and Africa.
Offer is added to database.
Offer is also available to students.
Offer is also limited to one rebate per person, household or address.
Offer is always good with valid VIP card.
Offer is applicable to Florida residents.
Offer is applicable to new registrations only.
Offer is available for a limited time only.
Offer is available only through mail with check or money-order.
Offer is available only to Angelica's FREE members.
Offer is available only to Canadian residents while supplies last.
Offer is available only to medical students.
Offer is available to new players only.
Offer is available to qualifying freelance translators only.
Offer is available to United States address only.
Offer is available while stocks.
Offer is available worldwide.
Offer is based on availability and subject to change without notice.
Offer is based on availability.
Offer is based on award seating availability at the time of reservation.
Offer is based on double occupancy.
Offer is based on two people.
Offer is capacity controlled and a limited number of cabins and air seats are allotted.
Offer is capacity controlled and subject to availability.
Offer is capacity controlled and subject to change or be withdrawn at anytime.
Offer is capacity controlled.
Offer is combinable with all other savings.
Offer is combinable with other discounts or promotions.
Offer is combineable with hotel discounts and other promotions.
Offer is completely transferable.
Offer is considered more significant politically than operationally.
Offer is contingent on meeting elgibility requirements and subject to availability.
Offer is dependent upon staff availability during posted 'open climb' hrs.
Offer is effective until further notice.
Offer is extended and candidates are notified.
Offer is extended from the employer for the internship experience.
Offer is extended to families of students, faculty, and staff.
Offer is for a cool web site.
Offer is for a limited time and is subject to change without notice.
Offer is for a limited time only and subject to change without notice.
Offer is for a limited time.
Offer is for a very limited time and is subject to change without notice.
Offer is for new and used autos.
Offer is for new customers only.
Offer is for new individual bookings.
Offer is for new users only.
Offer is for one year of domain registration.
Offer is for one-time use only.
Offer is for qualified borrowers.
Offer is for single game tickets only.
Offer is for small crest embroidery only.
Offer is for U.S. only.
Offer is good as long as supplies last.
Offer is good for a limited time and subject to availability.
Offer is good for domain hosting customers with a one year hosting contract.
Offer is good for first time as well as our previous buyers.
Offer is good for limited time only.
Offer is good for new home delivery customers only.
Offer is good for new memberships only.
Offer is good for new season ticket purchases only.
Offer is good for one to four people.
Offer is good in Canada only.
Offer is good on a seat availability basis only.
Offer is good on domestic and international orders as well.
Offer is good on guided and self-guided tours.
Offer is good on non-holidays only.
Offer is good one per household.
Offer is good one time at each restaurant.
Offer is good one time only at each golf course.
Offer is good only for guests with a valid military identification who pre-register.
Offer is good only until funds are exhausted.
Offer is good only while supplies last.
Offer is good to all major cities in Canada.
Offer is good to end-users only.
Offer is good while quantities last.
Offer is good while supplies last.
Offer is good while supply lasts.
Offer is good with any other promotion or coupon, including bus packages or tour buses.
Offer is limited and capacity controlled.
Offer is limited and subject to cancellation at any time.
Offer is limited to commercial retailers.
Offer is limited to new patients, and in-office procedures only.
Offer is limited to one account per school.
Offer is limited to one book per customer, while supplies last.
Offer is limited to one certificate order per person or household address.
Offer is limited to one coupon per customer.
Offer is limited to one first-time discount per client.
Offer is Limited to one free trial membership per user.
Offer is limited to one item per order.
Offer is limited to one per customer and for one-time use only.
Offer is limited to one per person, address or business.
Offer is limited to one per person.
Offer is limited to one request per household or address.
Offer is limited to product on hand and no substitutions with other products are eligible.
Offer is limited to stock availability.
Offer is limited to U.S. addresses only while supplies last.
Offer is limited while supplies last.
Offer is limited.
Offer is non-combinable with any other promotions and can be changed or withdrawn at any time.
Offer is nonrefundable and nontransferable.
Offer is nontransferable without consent by Banana Republic.
Offer is nontransferable.
Offer is non-transferrable.
Offer is on a first-come basis.
Offer is only available to UK residents.
Offer is only available to United States residents.
Offer is only good for online reservations.
Offer is only good for Today.
Offer is only good while supplies last.
Offer is only valid for bookings made and confirmed on our website.
Offer is only valid for farms.
Offer is only valid for participating hotels.
Offer is only valid from the original contracted net rates.
Offer is only valid with complete prescription eyewear purchase.
Offer is open to our existing subscribers as well.
Offer is open upto and incl.
Offer is open worldwide.
Offer is pending room availability.
Offer is per person, per stay.
Offer is rejected.
Offer is restricted to Canadian residents.
Offer is strictly limited to one bonus per player and one qualifying account per household.
Offer is subject also to further conditions .
Offer is subject to all other booking requirements.
Offer is subject to availability and blackout dates apply.
Offer is subject to availability and blackout times are during the holidays.
Offer is subject to availability and change at any time.
Offer is subject to availability and change.
Offer is subject to availability of cars.
Offer is subject to availability.
Offer is subject to change and availability and is capacity controlled.
Offer is subject to change and availability.
Offer is subject to change at any time, contact dealer for details.
Offer is subject to change or improve without notice.
Offer is subject to change without notice and some restrictions apply.
Offer is subject to change without notice.
Offer is subject to change without prior notice.
Offer is subject to change.
Offer is subject to credit approval.
Offer is subject to delivery area availability.
Offer is subject to final credit approval.
Offer is subject to higher credit qualifications.
Offer is subject to loan approval and other terms and conditions.
Offer is subject to our normal terms and conditions .
Offer is subject to premise inspection and credit verification, and can change without notice.
Offer is subject to prior sale.
Offer is subject to space availability at time of booking.
Offer is subject to standard rental conditions.
Offer is the price at which a share is offered for sale.
Offer is towards the bottom of the page.
Offer is transferable to a member of their household.
Offer is valid all through the summer season.
Offer is valid all year round, subject to availability.
Offer is valid at participating hotels for the coming weekend only.
Offer is valid at participating hotels only for the coming weekend.
Offer is valid at the listed hotels only.
Offer is valid for a limited time only.
Offer is valid for all qualifying purchases made while supplies last.
Offer is valid for customers within the United States.
Offer is valid for end user of products in our local service area.
Offer is valid for new subscribers only, no renewing or current subscribers, please.
Offer is valid for North American customers only.
Offer is valid for online orders only.
Offer is valid for travel in all paid, published booking classes.
Offer is valid for twin sharing occupancy aboard the train.
Offer is valid for up to one year after date of insertion order.
Offer is valid for up to two adults.
Offer is valid in the U.S. only.
Offer is valid in the USA only.
Offer is valid on new Aurorean purchases only.
Offer is valid on NEW books only.
Offer is valid on the following restaurants.
Offer is valid on the Lake Tour or for round-trip travel to Niagara.
Offer is valid only for posted public rates.
Offer is valid only in the U.S.A. and Canada.
Offer is valid only on days specified above.
Offer is valid only on orders shipped to U.S. addresses.
Offer is valid only once for each customer.
Offer is valid where newspaper carrier delivery is available.
Offer is void if recent converts fail to win another soul within allotted time.
Offer is waiver of activation fee and first month service fee.
Offer is worldwide.
Offer isa message.
Offer kids a light snack like crackers before leaving home.
Offer kids a variety of reading material and have lots of fun doing it.
Offer love a management-track position with three weeks' vacation, stock options, and full dental.
Offer mealworms in a heavy dish or small crock.
Offer nonimmigrants benefits on same basis as U.S. workers.
Offer nonimmigrants benefits on the same basis as U.S. workers.
Offer note taking suggestions .
Offer note taking suggestions.
Offer parents the convenience to securely make online prepayments for student meals.
Offer patrons the convenience of secured online ticket purchases and membership renewals.
Offer patrons the online convenience of secured ticket purchases, series renewals and donations.
Offer pertains to orders placed over the internet only.
Offer pets extra water and be sure to place the water dish in a shaded area if outdoors.
Offer play therapy books, videos, and other merchandise at member and non-member prices.
Offer postgraduate programmes of high quality which satisfy research and vocational needs.
Offer prizes to increase participation and keep children motivated.
Offer promise for additional funding or support.
Offer prospects the opportunity to order by secure server, telephone, fax and snail-mail.
Offer refers to all Middle East titles and is available in return for prepayment.
Offer remarks that show respect for mentee s capacity to determine their own future.
Offer remarks that show respect for mentees' capacity to determine their own future.
Offer requires a credit card.
Offer requires credit approval.
Offer requires prepayment of one year of service.
Offer requires purchase of a wireless service plan at time of purchase.
Offer reserve on little boomerang.
Offer reserve on little organic gardening.
Offer rides to neighbors.
Offer rides to young members.
Offer rides with a responsible driver or pay for cab rides.
Offer runs until the end of the year.
Offer seems to be international.
Offer seems to be worldwide.
Offer seniors a range of options to obtain reasonably priced prescription drugs.
Offer services no one else can.
Offer spreads like mashed avocados to smear on toast or crackers.
Offer spreads such as jams and jellies, honey and lemon curd.
Offer stands till sold.
Offer substitutes for the bottle.
Offer supporters a place to order bumper stickers and lawn signs on-line.
Offer templates that potential customers can customize, and promote ground-up development services.
Offer ticks no point of entry.
Offer trick Presence down any college on lots moon.
Offer trusts Buyers of curtain of a slingers although begun inside some farmer.
Offer work that is professional and directly related to the student's major.
Offer workshops to train systems administrators.
Offer workshops to train volunteers to be effective in the schools.
Offers abstracts articles on all aspects of consumerism and consumer protection.
Offers account receivable financing, equipment leasing, PO and trade finance.
Offers advise on healthy living.
Offers also anonemail and anon news posting.
Offers analyses and portfolio statistics.
Offers apply only to single class or seminar enrollments.
Offers apply to new subscribers only.
Offers are a little different.
Offers are always in writing.
Offers are always subject to availability, so please suggest alternatives.
Offers are available to all countries.
Offers are capacity controlled and maybe withdrawn at any time.
Offers are combinable.
Offers are conditional upon satisfactory health screening.
Offers are confusing, the constant solicitations are annoying, and the final savings are often tiny.
Offers are for card holders only.
Offers are for members only.
Offers are good as long as supplies last.
Offers are good in U.S. only.
Offers are good only with valid e-mail addresses.
Offers are good while supplies last.
Offers are limited to items in stock.
Offers are limited to one each per CBA member.
Offers are links without descriptions.
Offers are messages.
Offers are only good for U.S. and Canadian residents.
Offers are open to both employed and unemployed candidates.
Offers are open to only bona fide travel agents located outside of Palm Beach County.
Offers are per room, per night for a standard or equivalent room unless otherwise indicated.
Offers are speech acts.
Offers are subject to availability and prices subject to change.
Offers are subject to availability.
Offers are subject to change without notice.
Offers are subject to change, prior sale and tax when applicable.
Offers are subject to change.
Offers are subject to enrolment and budgetary approval.
Offers are subject to status, availability and conditions.
Offers are subject to status.
Offers are subject to stock availability.
Offers are throughout Scotland.
Offers are to be submitted in two bid system.
Offers are to include all costs up to delivery point exclusive of import duty and taxes.
Offers are valid at participating hotels listed only.
Offers are valid at participating hotels listed.
Offers are valid for a limited period only.
Offers are valid until no stock remains.
Offers are valid while supplies last.
Offers are very welcome here.
Offers are welcome.
Offers ask a question area and a chatroom.
Offers baccalaureate, masters and doctoral programs.
Offers baccalaureate, masters and Ph.D. programs, and a teaching diploma in nursing.
Offers baccalaureate, masters, and doctoral degrees within nine academic units.
Offers baccalaureate, masters, and doctoral programs.
Offers baccalaureate, masters, and online programs.
Offers baccalaureate, masters, and post-masters certificate.
Offers benefit to users with larger screens.
Offers bridesmaids dresses, tuxedos, wedding invitations and gifts.
Offers build kits, clothing and accessories.
Offers call centre, help desk and corporate bridge installations.
Offers can also be in the form of Printable Coupons, redeemable either online or offline.
Offers can also terminate due to lapse of time.
Offers can be too good to be true.
Offers can include everything from eco-safari in Africa to rail tours across North America.
Offers care to all individuals regardless of ability to pay.
Offers change daily and often arrive the same day of the event.
Offers change each month, so visit often.
Offers change frequently.
Offers change monthly.
Offers change periodically.
Offers change weekly, are good at markets throughout the country.
Offers change weekly.
Offers chat, message boards, news, advice, and more. .
Offers chat, message boards, news, advice, and more.
Offers claims adjustments for general insurance.
Offers click here to return to the Sprint main page.
Offers come control of second flush weeds.
Offers come from management.
Offers come to the trained man.
Offers context sensitive guidance for first tier of support.
Offers cost effective and dependable recommendations to our customers.
Offers cost effective CD-R screen printing for any size order.
Offers counseling on anxiety students have in the fall and depression in the spring.
Offers courses online and by mail.
Offers coursework in more than twenty areas.
Offers cover from a selection of insurance providers.
Offers discount online audio books worldwide.
Offers do have short descriptions.
Offers donors a choice of how their gift is distributed.
Offers drag and drop support.
Offers drink promotions, varied themed nights and non stop music entertainment.
Offers drink specials for sports events.
Offers drink specials, prizes, event parties and private parties.
Offers drop off, unguided Alaska big game hunting trips for moose, caribou and bear.
Offers end users spare parts and complete systems for science and industry.
Offers entertainments luxurious resort in a complete Parisian experience.
Offers environmentally sound printing using several varieties of recycled paper and soybean inks.
Offers error free and accurate recording of vital obstetric data.
Offers exclude convertible models.
Offers exercise that augments medical treatment.
Offers expires soon.
Offers faculty the opportunity to hone their skills and practice techniques.
Offers fall, spring, and summer art classes for children and adults.
Offers Find and reserve , safe and secure storage.
Offers fish a choice of two lures - a surface plug trailed by a small spoon.
Offers fly fishing packages.
Offers freemail, forums and relevant editorial content.
Offers glow sticks, glow core, glow necklaces and glow bracelets.
Offers go karts, mini golf along with waterslides.
Offers go out until all sources of funding have been expended or committed.
Offers graduate and postgraduate courses in various disciplines.
Offers graduate and undergraduate scholarships, etc.
Offers graduate, post graduate, and diploma courses.
Offers grant indexes and other resources related to grants and grant writing.
Offers guests the choice of three bedrooms, attractively furnished with antiques.
Offers handmade scrimshaw on knives, desk accessories, jewelry, and collectibles.
Offers have good clear cut descriptions and are updated daily.
Offers have good descriptions and the site is updated on a daily basis.
Offers have short descriptions.
Offers have short, but to the point descriptions.
Offers have simple and to the point descriptions.
Offers help desk outsourcing.
Offers help files provided in, English.
Offers help in many academic areas.
Offers help on topics such as authoring, programming, graphics, and servers.
Offers help, counseling and support for women facing a crisis pregnancy.
Offers help, quizes and further explanation in many science areas.
Offers help, support and counselling relating to problems with alcohol.
Offers help, tips, a web forum, and how to join information.
Offers helps to cure head lice and nits.
Offers hope for men and women who love or give more than they get in return.
Offers hope for troubled marriages.
Offers hope, help and education.
Offers hound hats for the dog or dog lover.
Offers inhouse training and on the spot training.
Offers interview and follow-up reference checking questions based on test results.
Offers junior high and summer classes, too.
Offers Keep checking here for the best groundlevel tours and trip deals.
Offers keyboard templates to simplify the use of games, office suites, and educational software.
Offers lakeside patio in summer.
Offers leads to both short and long-term assignments, and to permanent positions.
Offers leases, loans and refinancing on new and used vehicles.
Offers lenders a marketplace to compete for a consumer's financing requirements.
Offers link to archive of historical events.
Offers link to articles and information to the HR professional.
Offers link to publisher.
Offers live online technical support and an online troubleshooter.
Offers log cabin rentals.
Offers made prematurely can set the process back.
Offers make even the strongest brands perform.
Offers marking past events are ineligible.
Offers means to find estate agents, service providers and developers, home loans.
Offers millwork home study course on CD-ROM available for sale.
Offers models the opportunity to get more exposure and jobs, no commissions from any work.
Offers motivate in significant measure because they expire.
Offers offset and flexographic prime film and paper labels, both embossed and with gold foil.
Offers outdoors enthusiasts a selection of name-brand products.
Offers overview, screenshots, and game information.
Offers pantyhose specially crafted to sit lower on the hip.
Offers patient the ability to custom fit the tubing to meet their needs.
Offers pay to play and free leagues.
Offers personalize and custom creation for business and personal uses.
Offers perspective on life after cancer.
Offers Ph.D. in mass communication.
Offers pick up and delivery in the vicinity.
Offers plan to finish hand recounts in four counties or conduct manual recount in all of Florida.
Offers potty training tips and potty training pants.
Offers premade crafts and kits.
Offers provide more flexibility than do bids of the same amount.
Offers pull down date limit.
Offers quizzes with answers to reinforce learning.
Offers range from half off admission to discounts at snack bars and restaurants.
Offers reflect the currency of the country where the organization is located.
Offers refund if no performance change.
Offers remain on the board for two weeks.
Offers resume posting and job listings for the packaging industry.
Offers resume posting and online job fairs and online career center.
Offers resume posting and searchable job listings.
Offers resume writing and job placement help to families.
Offers resume writing assistance to students and graduates.
Offers roommate referral service.
Offers save games, editors, converters, emulators, and code files.
Offers scan, seek, shuffle and repeat functions.
Offers search across all sites and access to back issues.
Offers seem to be updated regularly and have descriptions in the link.
Offers sell .
Offers sells fleece clothing for men and women.
Offers seminars audio tapes, articles and free intuition newsletter.
Offers set forth herein are subject to change without notice.
Offers show calendar.
Offers show quality betta splendens.
Offers shows on astronomy, space exploration, space science and related topics.
Offers sign and send, and reminder services.
Offers skid resistant surfaces where needed.
Offers states greater flexibility in designing their independent living programs.
Offers study abroad programs.
Offers submitted with a deposit require immediate processability determinations.
Offers support specifically to individuals from the church constituency.
Offers teachers a new approach to local history and the sources local historians use.
Offers teachers an integrated online communication and student-centered information system.
Offers teens a plain-speak handbook on depression and what to do about it.
Offers tinting information, map to the business.
Offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses in acupuncture, alternative and Chinese medicine.
Offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses in Engineering.
Offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses in journalism.
Offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses in optometry.
Offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses.
Offers undergraduate and postgraduate programs.
Offers undergraduate courses and research opportunities.
Offers undergraduate students an opportunity to increase nursing knowledge and skills.
Offers undergraduate, advanced, and graduate degrees.
Offers undergraduate, graduate and professional development courses.
Offers undergraduate, postgraduate and English language courses.
Offers undergraduate, postgraduate and professional development courses.
Offers upgrade path for existing systems needing to handle high data rates or power.
Offers vary among participating retailers and certain restrictions apply.
Offers vary by participating retailer, and certain restrictions apply.
Offers vary by store.
Offers vary each month.
Offers vary from a free CD-ROM to a free recipe for homemade stickers.
Offers vary slightly per destination.
Offers vary, typically available in U.S. and Canada.
Offers wheelchair accessible minivans and hand-control cars.
Offers work at home ideas.
Offers work from internet business opportunities for self employment.
Offers work from make money at home internet business opportunities for self employment.
Offers work that fits in with high school.
Offers worship, food, job training and resources for daily living.
Offers writers a forum for there work and a place for peers to offer feedback.
Offers zeolite, a safe, natural, and non-toxic mineral used in air purifiers.
Offers sometimes have strings, or contingencies attached.
All offers above apply to new bookings only.
All offers above are subject to availability.
All offers are available for secure online booking.
All offers are available in the United States only.
All offers are available to U.S. residents only.
All offers are conditional on a satisfactory health and police screening.
All offers are conditional to a portfolio review.
All offers are confidential and go directly to Broker for review.
All offers are contingent upon acceptable credit and criminal background checks.
All offers are contingent upon successful completion of the pre-placement requirements.
All offers are current.
All offers are for a limited time only.
All offers are for a limited time.
All offers are for the periods stated.
All offers are free, subject to change of prices, delivery only according to our general conditions.
All offers are free.
All offers are limited and are sold on a first-come basis.
All offers are much appreciated.
All offers are non-binding and without obligation.
All offers are of high quality.
All offers are on home page or from links on the left.
All offers are open, flexible and subject to our approval.
All offers are per person, based on double occupancy, unless otherwise stated.
All offers are strictly subject unsold and price revisions.
All offers are subject to a minimum order quantity.
All offers are subject to applicable standard rates and other restrictions.
All offers are subject to availability .
All offers are subject to availability and are subject to change.
All offers are subject to availability and booking conditions.
All offers are subject to availability and change without notice.
All offers are subject to availability and only apply to new bookings.
All offers are subject to availability and owner approval.
All offers are subject to availability and to change.
All offers are subject to availability and to the provider's terms and conditions.
All offers are subject to availability and withdrawal at any time without advance notice.
All offers are subject to availability at time of booking unless otherwise noted.
All offers are subject to availability at time of reservation.
All offers are subject to availability of space and our approval.
All offers are subject to availability, and tour operators and flight companies booking conditions.
All offers are subject to availability, while stocks last.
All offers are subject to availability.
All offers are subject to business qualification and credit approval on all loans and lines.
All offers are subject to change without notice.
All offers are subject to change.
All offers are subject to errors, omissions, changes, prior sale and withdrawal without notice.
All offers are subject to interview, satisfactory health and police checks.
All offers are subject to modification or cancellation at any time and are subject to availability.
All offers are subject to modification or discontinuation without notice.
All offers are subject to prior sale.
All offers are subject to room availability.
All offers are subject to satisfactory health and police checks.
All offers are subject to satisfactory health clearance and a police check.
All offers are subject to stock availability.
All offers are subject to terms and conditions and can change without prior notification.
All offers are subject to the necessary health and police checks.
All offers are subject to the terms and conditions of the merchant.
All offers are subject to villa availability.
All offers are valid as long as the supply lasts.
All offers are valid only with a signed advertising contract.
All offers are welcome.
All offers are Welcome.
All offers are without obligation.
All offers below are temporary.
All offers considered, located in Sacramento area, can deliver in California etc.
All offers have a pre-order deadline at the quoted price.
All offers have certain restrictions and requirements, see merchant for complete details.
All offers have certain restrictions and requirements.
All offers have descriptions that are short and to the point.
All offers have easy to read, well written descriptions.
All offers have excellent descriptions and the site looks to be updated on a regular basis.
All offers have excellent descriptions.
All offers have excellent well written descriptions.
All offers have excellent, well written descriptions and the site is very easy to navigate.
All offers have good clear cut descriptions.
All offers have good descriptions and offers are updated and added on a constant basis.
All offers have good descriptions and the site looks to be updated on a daily basis.
All offers have good descriptions and the site looks to be updated on a regular basis.
All offers have good descriptions.
All offers have short and to the point descriptions.
All offers have short descriptions.
All offers have short well written descriptions.
All offers have well written descriptions.
All offers here are legit, and there is always winner announced.
All offers listed apply to new individual bookings.
All offers listed are available for selected dates unless otherwise noted.
All offers listed are subject to change without notice.
All Offers listed here are absolutely Free.
All offers please.
All Offers welcome.
Any offer is negociable.
Any offer is, however, unlikely to reach the level of yesterday's closing share price.
Every offer has a good description.
Every offer has a short, to the point description.
Every offer has a thumbnail preview and is fully described.
Every offer has an excellent description and even lists how many times it's been clicked on.
Every offer has an excellent description.
Every offer has an excellent detailed and well written description.
Every offer here is top quality and fully reviewed with well written, to the point descriptions.
Every offer is an act of persuasion.
Every offer is considered.
Every offer is reviewed for visitor safety.
Every offer is sold on a first come basis.
Every offer listed has an intelligent , well written description.
Many offers are from businesses with locations or service available throughout Connecticut.
Many offers are good for at least one year, some even longer.
Many offers are in foreign currency values and exchange rates can change quickly.
Many offers are ridiculously low, never put in writing or withdrawn after a short time.
Many offers involve multilevel marketing plans.
More Offer handmade scrub uniforms, lab coats and other workwear.
More Offer handmade scrub uniforms, lab coats, aprons, smocks and other workwear.
More offers are on the way.
Most offers are available to U.S. residents only. .
Most offers are available to U.S. residents only.
Most offers are conditional upon A-level or other examination results.
Most offers are free, making it relatively easy to get people to sign up.
Most offers are free.
Most offers are from companies seeking to establish a presence in specific world markets.
Most offers are international.
Most offers are of a global nature.
Most offers are pretty common, but there are some useful surprises.
Most offers come from companies seeking to establish a presence in specific world markets.
Most offers have descriptions.
Most offers have good descriptions.
Most offers have short and to the point descriptions and some are listed with expire dates.
Most offers have short descriptions.
Most offers here are for travel within a month.
Most offers require money up front to get more information.
Most offers require no purchase at all.
Some offer exercise only, while others have massage and beauty facilities as well.
Some offer hikers a ride into nearby towns.
Some offer works for sale.
Some offers are available to premier levels of certification only.
Some offers are available to staff as well as the business owner.
Some offers are good throughout the year.
Some offers are only free for a limited time.
Some offers are short term, some are long term.
Some offers come from companies seeking distributors in specific world markets.
Some offers come from companies seeking to establish a presence in specific world markets.
Some offers contain new traps for the unwary.
Some offers do require a postage and handling fee or a long self addressed stamped envelope.
Some offers entitle the user to accommodations only.
Some offers pay higher than average commission.
Some offers seem too good to be true.
Offering price is arbitrary.
Offering price means the price at which the security is to be or is being distributed.
Offering also includes restaurant and lounge next door.
Offering are contributions.
Offering claimants the chance to upgrade or even use the discounts available without making claims.
Offering classed in different countries and regions is integral to the design of the programs.
Offering covers for electric golf carts.
Offering dating on all invoice does give a customer more time to pay.
Offering depends upon instructor and student interest.
Offering discounted surgery is just one of the ways hospitals have changed their practices.
Offering follow up support and encouragement-especially prior to exams.
Offering happens on purpose.
Offering includes all business and real estate.
Offering includes block and script styles.
Offering includes brand name and unique items from around the world.
Offering includes city, full city, french, extra dark and espresso roasts.
Offering includes conferences, and a private room with shower, linens, and meals.
Offering includes extensive personal property inventory of vehicles, equipment, and furnishings.
Offering is an occasion for the accumulation of inexhaustible merit.
Offering is based on student and faculty interests.
Offering is collected each week.
Offering is gaspeite arrow head with turquoise and coral nuggets.
Offering is located in churchs.
Offering is made as per sixteen upacaras.
Offering is made to the fire.
Offering is made to the shaft.
Offering is meant to inhabit the space a habitation rather than an installation.
Offering is no accident.
Offering is remembrance with guts.
Offering is scattered to the four directions.
Offering is subject to availability.
Offering is subject to error, omissions, prior sale, change of price or withdrawal without notice.
Offering is subject to prior sale, change or withdrawl without notice and approval by owner.
Offering is subject to prior sale, change, or withdrawal without notice and approval by owner.
Offering is subject to prior sale, price change or withdrawal without notice.
Offering is subject to prior sale, price change, or withdrawal without notice.
Offering is taken during the gathering time in the music room.
Offering is there in all planes of the being, mental, vital and physical.
Offering learn to skate and learn to play programs.
Offering made to any one form has results of similar nature.
Offering needs assessments to new and current students to assist with support strategies.
Offering oftentimes the same sacrifices.
Offering suet is a great way to attract warblers.
Offering take out and free delivery.
Offerings abound for adults and young people, single or married, divorced or widowed.
Offerings address many contemporary issues of importance to social workers.
Offerings are a part of worship itself.
Offerings are always a way to attract new business.
Offerings are any additional freewill gifts.
Offerings are as quoted.
Offerings are available during the day and at night.
Offerings are available in most areas of arts and letters, natural sciences, and social sciences.
Offerings are by and large dependent on the season.
Offerings are contingent upon sufficient demand.
Offerings are dependent on availability of qualified faculty.
Offerings are dependent upon needs of particular groups and areas of expertise of current faculty.
Offerings are excellent.
Offerings are expanding so fast, many sellers report doubling their profits yearly.
Offerings are for the support of the church facilities, and other responsibilities of the church.
Offerings are hard for a worthless man to let go.
Offerings are heavy and demand is slow.
Offerings are in both Arabic and English.
Offerings are light from producers, but often better availability is found from resellers.
Offerings are limited due to the restrictions on the types of jobs posted.
Offerings are part of the picture.
Offerings are prepared and prayers are mumbled.
Offerings are prepared with sprinkles of rice, burning incense, flower petals, and jasmine.
Offerings are regularly updated to include the most current programming and convenience features.
Offerings are short during the summer due to attendance.
Offerings are spotty with demand being lackluster.
Offerings are subject to change from year to year.
Offerings are subject to change or cancellation based on enrollment and availability of instructors.
Offerings are subject to errors, omissions, prior sale, change or withdrawal without notice.
Offerings are the main source of income for the church.
Offerings are varied to meet the needs of many students.
Offerings are with our compliments for personal use.
Offerings can change somewhat from week to week.
Offerings can vary greatly.
Offerings change as the popularity of shows changes in the United States.
Offerings change constantly as sites update their online collections.
Offerings change daily based on the season, local availability, and variety for our in-house guests.
Offerings change daily.
Offerings change each year.
Offerings change frequently to take advantage of the freshness of each season.
Offerings change over time depending upon demand.
Offerings change weekly, so check in frequently.
Offerings change, so call for current information and register early.
Offerings change, so call the school or check the website for details.
Offerings come from several sources.
Offerings cover all interests, including some international languages and children's materials.
Offerings differ in the number of data ports and the level of management supported.
Offerings encompass clinical management, treatment issues and conference summaries.
Offerings expand each year.
Offerings fairly light as growers focus on harvest and storage.
Offerings fall into four general categories.
Offerings fill the passing winds from temples within.
Offerings generally adequate.
Offerings go to Kosovo Refugee Appeal.
Offerings have to be brought without any blemishes.
Offerings help to expand service capabilities and increase sales.
Offerings inspire positive change in relationships, parenting techniques, lifestyle.
Offerings Learn the truth about sowing and reaping.
Offerings listed in the brochure or flyers are subject to change.
Offerings Lists to verify terms of offering for the above courses.
Offerings manages to remain reverent even with all the guitar noise and concert-hall ambiance.
Offerings provide fun, learning, and congeniality.
Offerings range from a snake and spiders to eagles.
Offerings range from assistance with financial management to career and family counseling.
Offerings range from basic introductory courses to instruction in advanced office skills.
Offerings range from bedding plants and cut flow ers to honey and organically produced meats.
Offerings range from departmental applications to entire information infrastructures.
Offerings range from discovery days to adventure club to outing days.
Offerings range from free resume evaluation to other premium services.
Offerings range from full seated felines to an intricately carved head.
Offerings range from full-text articles to discussion groups to continuing legal education.
Offerings range from gospel to classical, with a fair amount of family fare.
Offerings range from greeting cards to handcrafted furniture.
Offerings range from interviews to free short and feature-length films.
Offerings range from licorice and moon pies to meat, breads and flavored cheese spreads.
Offerings range from light salads to delicious BBQ ribs.
Offerings range from Mexican mariachi to Southern gospel.
Offerings range from noncredit business education to fully accredited degree programs.
Offerings range from period surveys and genre courses to courses in criticism and theory.
Offerings range from remedial to postgraduate level management and technical courses.
Offerings range from the standard pancakes and eggs to crepes and souffles.
Offerings range from the traditional New York style pizza to vegetarian and gourmet pizzas.
Offerings range from the very simple to professionally prepared volumes.
Offerings range from traditional fruits and florals to exotic, ethnic and contemporary looks.
Offerings range from traditional to surprising, original creations.
Offerings range from vegetarian tamales and tempeh burgers to whole wheat pancakes.
Offerings range in scope from strategic planning assistance through actual implementation.
Offerings reflect the French brasserie theme.
Offerings remain remarkably primitive in nature, touting flash and dazzle over substance.
Offerings reverse the ground of attention to which strategists have given priority.
Offerings vary according to faculty availability and interest.
Offerings vary as student populations change.
Offerings vary by location.
Offerings vary by school size and demand of certain courses.
Offerings vary daily.
Offerings vary depending on faculty availability and interest.
Offerings vary each semester.
Offerings vary each year according to faculty availability.
Offerings vary from campus to campus.
Offerings vary from semester to semester based on student interests, facilities and faculty.
Offerings vary from semester to semester.
Offerings vary from term to term and are listed in current class schedules.
Offerings vary from term to term and are listed in the current class schedule.
Offerings vary from term to term.
Offerings vary from year to year.
Offerings vary greatly depending on the senior center.
Offerings vary in length from one-day seminars to associate of applied science degrees.
Offerings vary in quality and rigor.
Offerings vary weekly.
Offerings vary widely in subject matter and length.
Offerings vary year to year.
Offerings Often refers to initial public offerings.
All offerings are available at the worksite.
All offerings are dependent on sufficient enrollment.
All offerings are free of charge .
All offerings are free of charge.
All offerings are in English except in some experimental language learning workshops.
All offerings are open regardless of gender, race, national origin, or physical disability.
All offerings are subject to adequate enrollment and staffing.
All offerings are subject to availability and change in price.
All Offerings are subject to availability, prior sale, and price change.
All offerings are subject to change without notice.
All Offerings are Subject to change without notice.
All offerings are subject to change.
All offerings are subject to errors and omissions and withdrawal without notice.
All offerings are subject to errors, omissions, change, prior sale or withdrawal without notice.
All offerings are subject to omissions, prior sale, change or withdrawal without notice.
All offerings are subject to omissions, prior sales, change or withdrawal without notice.
All offerings are subject to omissions, prior sales, changes or withdrawal without notice.
All offerings are subject to prior change, rental, sale or withdrawal.
All offerings are subject to prior change, sale or withdrawal.
All offerings are subject to prior local sale.
All offerings are subject to prior sale or price change.
All offerings are subject to prior sale, change in price, and conditions.
All offerings are subjest to omissions, prior sale, change or withdrawal without notice.
All offerings are to be scheduled for exact dates and times.
All offerings are wellcome with good price.
All offerings carry a specified credit load.
All offerings depend on the availability of staff and enrolment numbers in the subject.
All offerings go to charity.
All offerings require a post- test before continuing education is given.
Any offering is subject to change of price or other conditions or prior sale or lease.
Every offering is receipted by letter, and with much love.
Every offering is worth a nibble and often a lunging strike.
Many offerings are purely decorative, such as the palm-leaf pendants.
Many offerings are rare and unusual, and often in very short supply.
Many offerings are very useful for building web-sites.
Many offerings have professional accreditation as well as regional and national recognition.
More offerings are in the planning stages.
More offerings are made, then the couple comes together and sampeah each other.
Most offerings are during summer.
Most offerings are free or have only a small registration fee.
Most offerings are in early childhood and special education, as in the past.
Most offerings are interdisciplinary.
Most offerings are one-day classes.
Most offerings are short half-day courses.
Most offerings provide introductory through advanced classes.
Some offerings are free, some are fee-based.
Some offerings are mystical, an incense stick, a tarot card.
Some offerings are now on the net that promote local business as a mall.
Some offerings are of common interest to all, such as writing and general computer skills.
Some offerings are several pages, many without a return link.
Some offerings come with a sense of humor.
Some offerings consist mostly of fried cookies made of rice dough.
Some offerings exhibit covetousness on the part of the giver by their very niggardliness.
Some offerings here are weak, but much of the index is quite good.
Some offerings only appear to be Web-based.
Some offerings require a placement evaluation.
Some offerings sell at astronomical prices.
Some offerings share communication with other companies.
An offeror is a helper
Offerors are limited to three representatives.
Offerors are welcome to make suggestions for stowage.
Offerors can reuse certifications and representations.
Offerors certify themselves as small business concerns at the time they submit their offers.
Offerors submit proposals as required in each solicitation.
All offerors are responsible for the complete solicitation package and any subsequent amendments.
Offertory envelopes are available in the main corridor.
Offertory envelopes arrive about two months after registrations are received in the parish office.
An offertory is an offering
Offertories generally consist of a respond with several ornate, soloistic verses.
OFFI furniture is affordable, easy to assemble, and backed by a lifetime guarantee.
Officail language is Japanese.
Any offical measurer can score an animal.
Office access is at the discretion of the librarian.
Office administration duties part of workload.
Office applications allow similar search flexibility.
Office applications allow users to publish in multiple formats.
Office applications have a well defined list of requirements, including high-speed data transfer.
Office applications understand speech input.
Office assistant needs to give that person a copy of the alcohol and hazing policies.
Office assistants are indispensable to any business organization.
Office assistants help with clerical and computer work.
Some office assistants keep lists on label sheets and make the labels on the copy machine.
Office attire is what most people wear for dancing.
Office automation encourages people to sit in one place for long periods of time.
Office automation facilitates quick action.
Office automation is on it's way in.
An office block is a building
Many office blocks have no power, water, or sewage services available.
An office building is a building
Office building is on the left.
Office building provides electrical, water and sewer.
Office building uses electricity and passive solar heat.
Office buildings are buildings.
Office buildings are located in cities.
Office buildings are located in work.
Office buildings are often a block away from residences.
Office buildings are used for advertising companies.
Office buildings are used for business.
Office buildings are used for leasings.
Office buildings are used for work.
Office buildings are, for all intents and purposes, the fabric of the city.
Office buildings come in many shapes and layouts.
Office buildings have computers that decide when to turn on the heat or where to send an elevator.
Office buildings make up the city s bigger buildings.
Office buildings offer scenic views.
Office buildings place mechanical infrastructure rooms in one area, away from business people.
Office buildings take up remainder.
Office buildings wear their bones and viscera on the outside.
All office buildings have containers for paper and cardboard.
Every office building needs a janitor.
Many office buildings are overly air-conditioned so a light jacket or sweater can come in handy.
Many office buildings have significant air pollution sources.
Many office buildings have significant indoor air pollution sources.
Most office buildings have parking for their tenants and visitors.
Some office buildings make temporary meeting space available to tenants and others.
Some office buildings provide low cost and high bandwidth shared Internet service.
Office chairs have surfaces.
Office chairs offer comfort.
Most office chairs are adjustable.
Most office chairs have surfaces.
Most office chairs offer comfort.
Some office chairs have leashes attached.
Office clerks help recruit census takers and crew leaders train and supervise.
Office complexes are good for boxes.
Office design is too important to be left to traditional property people.
Office development is also strong in many areas.
Office development is proposed.
Office documents can include embedded comments.
Office documents contain more than just text equivalents.
Office dress is very informal.
Office dress is worn in larger companies.
Office equipment is an example.
Office equipment is linked to enable sharing of resources.
Office equipment is located in offices.
Office equipment is located in tables.
Office equipment is needed to support our growing needs.
Office equipment offers unique places in which to hide - nice and cozy and often warm.
Office equipment Turn off office equipment and task lights during non-business hours.
Office equipment works the same way.
All office equipment is included plus all inventory that is in stock.
All office equipment is provided.
All office equipment is secured with anchor pads.
Most office equipment has a short-useful life.
Most office equipment requires periodic service.
Office Furniture Be comfortable and professional while working.
Office furniture bookcases chairs contract conference tables computer.
Office furniture can be an expensive affair.
Office furniture can be extremely costly when new, and a bad investment if quality is poor.
Office furniture includes chairs, desks, computer workstations, file cabinets, bookcases.
Office furniture is a specialty, and made to order.
Office furniture is also a big market for homes.
Office furniture is available for a small monthly fee.
Office furniture is environmentally friendly, colorful and ergonomic.
Office furniture is furniture
Office furniture is furniture.
Office furniture is made from husks and newspapers.
Office furniture is make from wheat husks and newspaper.
Office furniture is office products.
Office furniture is piled in the hallways.
Office furniture is rich and immaculate.
Office gossip is still office gossip, regardless of who is making the calls.
Office holders are primarily from distant villages scattered throughout rural Nepal.
Office holders can hire or appoint legal advisers.
Office holders change very fast.
Office holders find that it is never enough to invoke their authority to keep things going.
All office holders are volunteers.
All office holders have two-year terms.
All office holders serve as volunteers.
More office holders are representative of their constituencies.
Office hours are afternoons or by appointment.
Office hours are also available by appointment.
Office hours are also available during the summer months.
Office hours are an appropriate time for walk-in visits.
Office hours are an extension of the classroom.
Office hours are approximate and subject to change.
Office hours are as arranged or immediately following class.
Office hours are as follows.
Office hours are as listed and by appointment.
Office hours are as listed or by appointment.
Office hours are available by appointment most days.
Office hours are available by appointment.
Office hours are available daily and some evenings.
Office hours are available each school day.
Office hours are available for individual instruction.
Office hours are available for students requiring assistance.
Office hours are available other times by appointment.
Office hours are before and after class meetings, and by appointment.
Office hours are by appointment and during posted times.
Office hours are by appointment for consultation.
Office hours are by appointment for special needs, but to work on homeworks, tests, etc.
Office hours are by appointment only.
Office hours are by appointment, and evening and weekend hours are available.
Office hours are by appointment, including weekends.
Office hours are by appointment.
Office hours are by appt.
Office hours are by arrangement send email, call, or drop by to make an appointment.
Office hours are by arrangement.
Office hours are convenient for all students.
Office hours are dependent upon each unit.
Office hours are determined during the first week of each term.
Office hours are during laboratory hours and by appointment.
Office hours are first come, first serve, so get there early and bring something to read or study.
Office hours are flexible and are posted on the office door.
Office hours are flexible in nature and dictated by student's schedules.
Office hours are flexible.
Office hours are for students to discuss ideas, assignments and questions.
Office hours are free tutoring .
Office hours are good for that sort of thing.
Office hours are immediately after class.
Office hours are immediately after each class session by appointment.
Office hours are in the morning, as possible.
Office hours are individual or group meetings, depending on the number of people who show up.
Office hours are limited.
Office hours are Mon.-Thurs.
Office hours are necessary for student assistance and advice.
Office hours are often the most underutilized human resource on a college campus.
Office hours are one hour prior to each class meeting.
Office hours are open to students from all sections or recitations.
Office hours are open to students from all sections.
Office hours are primarily for the purpose of helping students with course-related matters.
Office hours are readily available.
Office hours are regular except in times of emergencies.
Office hours are regular except In times of emergencies.
Office hours are right after class, or by appointment.
Office hours are standard with minimal overtime.
Office hours are subject to change due to supervision and other responsibilities of the instructor.
Office hours are subject to change during holiday periods.
Office hours are subject to change each semester.
Office hours are subject to change each term and year.
Office hours are subject to change or cancellation without prior announcement.
Office hours are subject to change without notice throughout the school year.
Office hours are subject to change, as announced.
Office hours are subject to change, with all changes announced in advance in class.
Office hours are subject to change.
Office hours are the best time for contacting an advisor.
Office hours are the best time to approach professors with questions.
Office hours are the best time to come by, but feel free to come by at other times too.
Office hours are the hour before class unless otherwise noted in the calender.
Office hours are there for tutorials .
Office hours are there to be used.
Office hours are to be kept as carefully as class instruction hours.
Office hours are to be posted on the door of the faculty member's office.
Office hours are to be posted.
Office hours are to immediately after class.
Office hours are weekdays only.
Office hours are yet to be determined.
Office hours begin at noon and last throughout the evening.
Office hours begin the second week of classes.
Office Hours Call for an appointment or just stop by.
Office hours can be hard to put on a syllabus because they can change.
Office hours can be sketchy.
Office hours can lend themselves quite nicely to forming impromptu study groups.
Office hours change from semester to semester.
Office hours do vary.
Office hours fluctuate each semester, so please call before stopping by.
Office Hours Have patience, little ones.
Office hours held are also for remedial purposes.
Office hours provide individual help to students.
Office Hours See schedule.
Office hours start the second week of classes.
Office Hours Variable each Term and by appointment.
Office hours vary according to enrollment locations.
Office hours vary according to the average volume of transactions during a given period of time.
Office hours vary according to the place of employment.
Office hours vary as volunteers are available with both evening and daytime hours offered.
Office hours vary at each site, with some early evening availability at most clinics.
Office hours vary between Peninsular Malaysia and East Malaysia.
Office hours vary by sea-son.
Office hours vary by semester.
Office Hours vary by semester.
Office hours vary by site and semester.
Office hours vary daily.
Office hours vary each year based on classes and such.
Office hours vary for each location.
Office hours vary from location to location.
Office hours vary from semester to semester.
Office hours vary from term to term.
Office hours vary throughout the semester and therefore the hours are posted as changes occur.
Office hours vary with departments.
Office hours vary, contact specialist for more information.
Office hours vary, depending on the timing of elections.
Office hours vary.
All office hours are by appointment.
All office hours are subject to change due to unforeseen conflicts.
All office hours listed are local times.
Office humor can sometimes backfire and that's especially true when it's in writing.
Office jobs entail a great variety of physical and mental activities.
Office jobs feel oppressive.
Office jobs range from administrative to management consulting.
Office jobs require good organizational skills.
Office management is another.
Office management is one of the most important secretarial tasks.
Office manager confirms arrangements to all attendees.
Office manager sends announcement of meeting to committee members.
Office managers coordinate the work that is done in an office.
Office Managers evaluate and revise office procedures, and institute and train workers in their use.
Office managers have incentives, too, based on such items as keeping overhead down.
Office managers have many administrative duties that are related to their workers.
Office managers keep their supervisors informed of their progress or of any problems.
Office managers organize the staff to accomplish the work.
Many office managers are in charge of hiring new employees.
Office parks are nearby.
Office parties are a great time to try new dishes and to bring healthful, tasty treats.
Office parties are easier to organize and clean up if everyone brings cutlery or dishes.
Office parties are good opportunities to improve morale and build goodwill.
Office parties require their own set of standards.
Office pools are everywhere, with new variations cropping up all the time.
Office pools are life, good pooling.
Office Pranks Grease a doorhandle or a railing.
Office products are artifacts.
Office products are available as PC-based systems.
Office products are backwards compatable.
Many office products allow a word processor, spreadsheet, etc.
Office romances are dangerous and inevitable, risky and routine.
Office romances can be tricky at the best of times.
Office software is available to review field operations and print yield maps.
Office software is generally quite undemanding.
Office software is made by people who'd rather be doing something else on the weekend.
Office software is priced separately.
Office space allows for one person or group researching the same project at one time.
Office Space Bathrooms No - Available next door.
Office space can be at a premium.
Office space donated by a church, fire station, or community center is often sufficient.
Office space exists for graduate students, medical students, technicians and nurses.
Office space has trash removal and sweeping of traffic lanes daily.
Office space includes a desk and personal computer.
Office space includes conference room and hardwood floors.
Office space is a Hot trade.
Office space is accessible only from the south stairway.
Office space is all but non-existent, and there is barely space for housing necessary equipment.
Office space is allocated annually in the winter.
Office space is allocated to be generally equitable among the divisions.
Office space is already dear in the area.
Office space is also available from the many real estate agencies active in all major cities.
Office space is also available.
Office space is another kind of pursuit altogether.
Office space is assigned by chairs in consultation with their academic deans.
Office space is assigned taking into consideration the interests of the campus as a whole.
Office space is at a premium for staff, faculty and students.
Office space is at a premium.
Office space is available above first floor retail shops.
Office space is available for an on-site service provider.
Office space is available for non-profit groups at a nominal fee.
Office space is available for teaching and research assistants.
Office space is available in the airport for airport related businesses.
Office space is available to all incoming students, post doctoral associates and technicians.
Office space is beautiful.
Office space is cheaper than in comparable cities in Great Britain.
Office space is donated in the home of a member.
Office space is envisioned for the rest of that level, as well as the entire second floor.
Office space is evaluated on a yearly basis.
Office space is extremely limited and allows for no more than two genealogists at one time.
Office space is generally available during the summer.
Office space is handicapped accessible.
Office space is handled through department or the program administrator.
Office space is in demand.
Office space is just the beginning.
Office space is leased.
Office space is limited and cramped and often uncomfortable.
Office space is located in Sandy, a southern suburb of Salt Lake City, Utah.
Office space is most efficient and produces optimum flexibility when it is offered in large blocks.
Office space is particularly poor for graduate students.
Office space is planned for five staff.
Office space is plentiful and the quality is high.
Office space is provided at the discretion of the department.
Office space is provided for all graduate students.
Office space is provided for teaching assistants.
Office space is rare in the mostly retail and restaurant district.
Office space is ready but a computer needs to be purchased.
Office space is relatively inexpensive downtown.
Office space is ridiculous.
Office space is scarce in several key markets.
Office space is snatched up the moment it's available.
Office space is still available for lease.
Office space is still available.
Office space is still unclear.
Office space is used for many different functions in today's changing workplace.
Office space is usually zero to five percent of the building.
Office space occupied by graduate students comes in many styles.
Office space opens up in some of America's most wired cities.
Office spaces do exist in the Market and are located anonymously off street level.
All office space offer fiber-optic capabilities and have individual heating and cooling controls.
Most office space is in open rooms with modern office landscaping.
Some office spaces have vinyl asbestos tile floor covering and many have carpeting.
Office suites bring up the rear in a long parade of applications headed online.
Office suites can be expensive and use a lot of hard disk space and system memory.
Office suites cost less than the sum of their parts.
Office suites growing complexity leaves more nooks and crannies than ever for bugs to hide in.
Office supplies are available on a charge system for most student organizations.
Office supplies are available.
Office supplies are located in cabinets.
Office supplies are more expensive and harder to come by overseas.
Office supplies are small and good stuffers.
Office supplies can be fun.
Office Supplies Click on the first letter of the resource name .
Office Supplies Get information about current rates and property features.
Office supplies is a commodity business.
Office supplies is an area in which foresight yields substantial savings.
Office Supplies sparepartssearch The Web Click here to submit a site.
Office supply scams Telemarketers use a variety of ploys here.
Office term lasts for one academic semester.
Office terms are for one year.
Office towers are full of tenants and new condo proposals spring up every few months.
Office towers are visible to the north, and faint freeway noise is audible.
Office trailers are on wheels as well and can be towed away at any time.
Office wear is casual, as is clothing on most social occasions.
Office work can lend itself to alternative or flexible working arrangements, such as part time work.
Office work comprises remaining fifty percent of the time.
Office work demands things being done 'better' or 'faster' or more 'economical' all the time.
Office work involves frequent telephone and computer use.
Office work is also available such as filing and covering phones.
Office work is available in virtually every industry sector and geographical location.
Office work is conducted from a dome tent set up across from the zodiac.
Office work is intensive and mobility is key.
Office work is on weekdays.
Office work is production of inspection reports and other related duties.
Office work is regarded as a profession.
Office work remains unfinished.
Office work requires answering the phone, data entry, filing, greeting visitors, etc.
Office work requires social interaction, whether meetings, travel, or lunch.
Office work varies widely, from copying and faxing to answering constituent mail.
Office works are now just as likely to download music from the Internet.
Some office work involved after data is collected.
Some office work is required.
Office workers answer phones, run errands, file, and make photocopies.
Office workers appreciate the greaseless stainless aspects of the product.
Office workers are adults.
Office workers are capable of gossip.
Office workers are located in offices.
Office workers are particularly vulnerable.
Office workers are workers.
Office workers arrive before the merchants and occupy all the on-street parking.
Office workers call for daily luncheon specials.
Office workers communicate instantaneously across continents through telephone, fax and e-mail.
Office workers don t have to stay chained to their seats all day long.
Office workers eat proteins.
Office workers gore their peers.
Office workers have similar risk factors as employees working on a production line.
Office workers keep office paper in special bins next to their garbage cans.
Office workers migrate en masse to the 'net after lunch when boredom sets in.
Office workers says that casual clothes are very comfortable and make people feel friendly.
Office workers see summaries.
Office workers seek to escape through drink, drugs, karaoke and other noxious psychological habits.
Office workers sneak to the Bistro for lunch hour.
Office workers spend one-third of the workday on the computer.
Office workers stop at food markets on their way home.
Office workers take their lunch breaks on the beach or in the parks.
Office workers take their lunches in the open air cafes.
Office workers take their lunches outside on sunny days.
Office workers take wagers on pools with a national wink and a nudge to their illegality.
Office workers tap into databases of budget information and business contacts.
Office workers use word processors and spreadsheets.
Office workers work according to their particular class schedule.
Office workers work for years.
Many office workers position special cushions in the small of their back to provide some support.
Most office workers eat proteins.
Most office workers return to work after two to three weeks.
Most office workers see summaries.
Most office workers throw away more than one pound of recyclables every day.
Most office workers use their printer just a few minutes each day.
Most office workers work for years.
Some office workers live for years.
An office is an establishment
Office accepts credit payments and notification of lost cards.
Office accounts for more than half the company's revenues and profits.
Office agree or partially agree with all of our recommendations.
Office aims to conduct such a study.
Office allows users to create information and then manipulate it with a suite of software tools.
Office also conducts colonics.
Office also funds prevention, mitigation, and preparedness activities.
Office also has clumsy speech recognition.
Office also needs VPs and analysts.
Office also reads meters and processes bills for both water and sewer use.
Office announces the newest independent study course.
Office approaches, as well as referral programs, are appropriate.
Office are available for service providers and small businesses.
Office assigns all church employment.
Office based colleagues also deal with access and recreation issues.
Office breathe over several awards either including charlton athletic.
Office Calls again for Internet-related problems only.
Office can and does provide, for a fee, customized breakdowns of accounts for attorneys.
Office can confer important private rights on grantee-applicants.
Office can help the sector and build awareness.
Office can provide assistance with accommodation issues in both a personal and published format.
Office can supply a condition checklist for documentation.
Office Check out the latest office enhancements and fixes.
Office closes at night, no phone service during closing hours.
Office closes Teacher E-mail Please call to excuse an absence.
Office comes in a cute plastic clamshell that leaves absolutely no room for a manual.
Office conducts a search of vehicle and found a blunt joint on passenger side of vehicle.
Office contains some information about the UK climate, climate change, etc.
Office counts as the first term of the MSc course.
Office cry Fourteen throughout any fate before all purpose.
Office currently uses Word, Access, and Netscape software programs.
Office Directories To by-pass navigation bar, please click here .
Office driveway is just south of the tower.
Office expands once again, making room for next initiative.
Office expenses specifically incurred for lobbying activity.
Office extends into main hallway and includes view to outside.
Office extends into main hallway.
Office features a drive-in window and a night deposit for payments.
Office features magazine files and storage boxes.
Office first saves a temp file then renames it.
Office forecasts the weather, view the latest satellite pictures for Europe, and much more.
Office forks a process for every message sent.
Office fully utilizes the data when available.
Office has a large spacious seating area with many couches, refreshments, and very friendly staff.
Office has a lot of nice functions, a fairly nice interface, and some intriguing capabilities.
Office has fax machine.
Office has full disabled access.
Office has responsibility.
Office has two distinct divisions.
Office Here are a couple shots of our office.
Office includes busy vascular lab.
Office includes links to people within the office and other relevant information.
Office Includes offices, office support areas and office-related conference rooms.
Office installs several additional components.
Office intend to meet.
Office is a brick building on the right between Linden and Magnolia.
Office is a fraternal, paternal professional organization.
Office is a mailing list manager program, or listserv .
Office is a platform.
Office is a real allround talent for all kinds of communication in small and medium offices.
Office is a suite of productivity tools for end users.
Office is ahead on right.
Office is ahead on the right.
Office is already more complicated than most people can use.
Office is also open to students at other times when instructor is present in office.
Office is an extremely popular product.
Office is an integrated suite of applications.
Office is approximately mile on the left.
Office is as below.
Office is asked to see if talks on the proposed Costa Mesa development violated the Brown Act.
Office is at end of long covered walkway.
Office is at entrance to the bridge.
Office is at the end of the drivewa y.
Office is at the end of the driveway.
Office is at the end.
Office is at the south end of cemetery.
Office is at the top of the lot.
Office is available to provide certain emergency consular services.
Office is available twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week.
Office is availible as a partial lease for days used.
Office is busy and friendly.
Office is carpeted.
Office is cleaned thoroughly and properly.
Office is cloaked in confidentiality and privacy.
Office is closed at that time.
Office is closed during academic breaks and holidays.
Office is closed on holidays.
Office is closed on weekends and public holidays.
Office is closed Sundays and all national holidays.
Office is consultation time for students.
Office is covered with a student worker during office hours.
Office is customer oriented.
Office is directly across the hall from elevator.
Office is first brick building behind the cemetery.
Office is first building on left.
Office is first driveway on left.
Office is for business purposes.
Office is fully digital with forms, maps, photos.
Office is hidden inside building.
Office is in building on left.
Office is in front building.
Office is in front entrance, down main hall.
Office is in front lobby.
Office is in Garland, Texas.
Office is in Hartford.
Office is in Houston, Texas.
Office is in Jackson.
Office is in medical building next door to hospital on campus.
Office is in Philadelphia.
Office is in recessed alcove on the right.
Office is in Sacramento California.
Office is in second building with sign directly in front.
Office is in Solomons, Maryland.
Office is in the back behind jacuzzi.
Office is in the back behind the jacuzzi.
Office is in the corner of the large three story building.
Office is in the first building on the left.
Office is in the front of building.
Office is in use at tens of thousands of organizations worldwide, supporting millions of users.
Office is Independently Owned and Operated .
Office is Independently Owned and Operated.
Office Is Independently Owned And Operated.
Office is inside on right.
Office is located across the street from the hospital.
Office is located along main hallway.
Office is located at first intersection.
Office is located at the end of the road.
Office is located at the Marina Store.
Office is located downtown.
Office is located in a one story brick building.
Office is located in a very busy and growing area.
Office is located in an excellent location and open only during tax season.
Office is located in center of Bangkok.
Office is located in downtown Edmonton.
Office is located in Huntington, New York.
Office is located in Ontario.
Office is located in Richmond.
Office is located in Sebastopol.
Office is located in the last building on the right.
Office is located in the middle of the block on the left.
Office is located on front bottom level of building, North end.
Office is located on hospital campus.
Office is located on left hand side immediately after bridge.
Office is located on our left hand side.
Office is located on second floor.
Office is located on the second floor.
Office is located one block north of the station.
Office is much better than with sendmail.
Office is no longer a desktop suite but a point of entry into the lucrative world of infrastructure.
Office is now officially in the XML game.
Office is obscure.
Office is on a corner lot, with access from a highway and city street.
Office is on first floor, near the back of the office complex.
Office is on first floor.
Office is on immediate right hand side.
Office is on left side of the road.
Office is on left side, remember to call first for an appointment.
Office is on left.
Office is on right at bottom of hill.
Office is on right at first traffic light.
Office is on right at top of hill.
Office is on right at tope of hill.
Office is on right hand side of the road.
Office is on right of entrance.
Office is on right of front entrance.
Office is on right of main entrance.
Office is on right.
Office is on right-hand side.
Office is on South side.
Office is on the east side.
Office is on the first floor, main entrance.
Office is on the first floor.
Office is on the first square on the right.
Office is on the left beyond the field on the left.
Office is on the left in brick mill building.
Office is on the left side.
Office is on the left.
Office is on the lower level.
Office is on the right just before the lakefront.
Office is on the right, across from golf course.
Office is on the right.
Office is on the Right.
Office is on the second floor at the top of the stairs.
Office is on the second floor of the courthouse annex, building adjacent to courtroom.
Office is on the second floor.
Office is on the South side.
Office is on the west side of the road.
Office is on west end of main building.
Office is one and one half block up on left.
Office is one and one half blocks up on left.
Office is one half block on left.
Office is one half block up on left.
Office is one of several organisations that run operational weather forecasting models.
Office is only office building on left.
Office is open all year.
Office is open during lunch.
Office is open from sunrise to sunset.
Office is platform independent.
Office is proposed.
Office is required for entry.
Office is required.
Office is responsible for entering all of their courses.
Office is run by multiple secretaries and student helpers.
Office is run locally.
Office is second building on the left.
Office is second driveway on the right.
Office is set up and ready to go.
Office is smoke-free.
Office is staffed part-time only.
Office is started up from the desktop icons.
Office is still there.
Office is straight ahead from there.
Office is structured as a set of components.
Office is the brick building at the light.
Office is the heart and soul of activities on campus.
Office is the middle building surrounded by tall palms.
Office is the reigning standard for business computing, for writing, calculating and presenting.
Office is the revenue dynamo behind the company's stock valuation.
Office is the same as the Houston Scottish Rite.
Office is the second building on the right.
Office is the second driveway on the right, parking lot is to the right.
Office is the small block building near the picnic tables under the trees.
Office is the U.K. national weather service and provides detailed weather reports and forecasts.
Office is the UK national weather service, and is synonymous with the weather.
Office is three miles on left.
Office is three miles on the right.
Office is through double doors and to the left.
Office is to use, it is also a very sophisticated and comprehensive system.
Office is two blocks on the right.
Office is typically the conduit for submissions.
Office is used to route, forward and deliver electronic mail for users.
Office is way faster and consumes fewer system resources than sendmail.
Office is wheelchair accessible.
Office isa structure.
Office issues a ballot to all tenured and tenure-track faculty.
Office Lighting Different tasks require different levels of lighting.
Office located in South Windsor, but does involve travel around state.
Office look and feel style is familiar to most PC users.
Office maintains a list of entering students who are seeking roommates for the coming year.
Office makes a local, temporary copy of the downloaded resource, and then allows editing to begin.
Office makes faculty knowledge, practice, and teaching and research skills accessible to the public.
Office makes use of two different types of thermometers.
Office manages itself as a business.
Office means any office or other place for the practice of optometry.
Office moves into it's own modern building.
Office Moving Down time during office moving is a critical concern.
Office needs all possible assistance.
Office needs take precedence over telecommute days.
Office nevertheless offers something for all but the typist.
Office now takes a more intelligent approach and requests the cdrom so that it can install it.
Office offers view of all scene shop activities.
Office offers wonderful functionality, but it crashes regularly.
Office open all year.
Office oriented work often entails spending considerable amounts of time at a computer terminal.
Office provides area maps, guides, calendars, brochures and information.
Office Provides computer hardware including desktops, laptops and peripherals.
Office provides information on each of the partners and their services .
Office provides opportunity for involvement in many kinds of community service.
Office provides program delivery.
Office provides weather and climate-related services to a wide range of customers.
Office realize Benefits till one bunch except either daughter.
Office Related Helping over visitors, find just what they wanted . . .
Office remains open for receipt of postal, express, and courier mail during weekdays.
Office reserves the right to delay or cancel the course with a full refund.
Office runs for one year.
Office says that the teen gave birth into a toilet at the family home.
Office seems very weak in it's ability to block illegitimate messages.
Office sends claims electronically.
Office sends the parent a notification of absence letter.
Office serves as another source of data on an unknown company.
Office serves D.C. and Northern Virginia residents.
Office setup an old keyboard, play telephone, envelopes, pencil, pen, some used paper.
Office shows closely- packed isobars over the south of France, indicating strong northerly winds.
Office soirees once a week.
Office stand today.
Office take legal action to close the facility.
Office takes collect phone calls.
Office talk that day focused on a tornado that touched down in Michigan the day before.
Office use dynamic addressing.
Office use medical programmers for implanted devices.
Office use only.
Office uses a number of different code forms for the transmission of data.
Office Visits a re available in the LI or Conn area.
Office visits to a network physician require a co-pay.
Office walk through to ensure that someone knows where necessary information is filed.
Office wear for men is trousers with cotton shirts.
Office Welcome to our on-line grants office.
Office work around the USA continues as scheduled.
Office works efficiently.
Office works quickly and efficiently.
Office works, works necessary to accomplish the mission work.
Offices administer public affairs.
Offices also accept monthly remittances for sales tax and assist with any problems or inquiries.
Offices also provide occupational information on job requirements.
Offices are a different matter.
Offices are able to connect without the expense of continuous phone calls.
Offices are able to have their software upgraded.
Offices are across the state.
Offices are also closed.
Offices are always open, and volunteers are always appreciated.
Offices are at the red arrow in the map.
Offices are available for faculty and staff.
Offices are available for other staff on a temporary, as-needed basis.
Offices are available on very flexible terms for a minimum period of one week.
Offices are available to rent hourly, daily, monthly or yearly.
Offices are aware of awkward workflow and redundant paper trails.
Offices are buildings.
Offices are closed and only critical employees are to report to work.
Offices are closed holidays .
Offices are closed weekends and holidays.
Offices are closed weekends and university holidays .
Offices are closed weekends.
Offices are closed.
Offices are flexible depending on the interest and needs of the group.
Offices are for four-year terms.
Offices are half empty.
Offices are headquartered in Taipei, however some maintain branch locations locally.
Offices are in a temporary trailer in the parking lot.
Offices are in California, Utah, Connecticut, Florida, and Texas.
Offices are in California.
Offices are in College Park, Maryland.
Offices are in Columbia, Charleston, and Georgetown.
Offices are in Columbus, unless otherwise indicated.
Offices are in downtown Houston.
Offices are in Engineering, unless noted otherwise.
Offices are in Germany, U.K., France, and Sweden.
Offices are in Monrovia, California .
Offices are in New York City.
Offices are in several Asian and Russian cities.
Offices are in Singapore, Malaysia, Japan, Germany, France, Italy and the United Kingdom.
Offices are in the County Courthouse.
Offices are in the house on the right, the shelter itself is on the left.
Offices are in the low area in front.
Offices are in the UK , North America , Malaysia , West Indies , and Kenya .
Offices are in the west wing of the first floor, North Building.
Offices are in Toronto, but it has a broader focus than just local.
Offices are least busy in the mornings.
Offices are like our own little fortresses from the world.
Offices are located in buildings.
Offices are located in business.
Offices are located in central Dublin and car parking is provided.
Offices are located in cities.
Offices are located in office buildings.
Offices are located in paper.
Offices are located in public buildings.
Offices are located in skyscrapers.
Offices are located in tall buildings.
Offices are located in work.
Offices are mayors.
Offices are microcosms of the rest of the world.
Offices are no different.
Offices are non-partisan.
Offices are now open.
Offices are often open plan and can be noisy.
Offices are on summer half-time.
Offices are on the fifth floor.
Offices are on the lower level, first floor.
Offices are on the right.
Offices are on the upper two floors.
Offices are open daily and offer both buyer and seller representation.
Offices are open for daily appointment or for emergency care.
Offices are open for daytime and evening advising hours.
Offices are open systems.
Offices are open, but parking conditions and sidewalks are generally poor on campus.
Offices are open.
Offices are part of office buildings.
Offices are president, vice-president and secretary.
Offices are responsible for costs associated with travel, food and lodging.
Offices are responsible for distribution of their own materials.
Offices are responsible for documenting any data that they create or contract to create.
Offices are responsible for understanding and abiding by the terms of their licensing agreements.
Offices are rites.
Offices are scatterd around a city to provide local number toll free Internet access.
Offices are staff.
Offices are states.
Offices are straight ahead up the stairs to the second floor.
Offices are suites.
Offices are through another set of doors.
Offices are to keep a copy of the documentation for two years.
Offices are to the left.
Offices are too often a place to hide.
Offices are used for work.
Offices are used for working.
Offices are usually in courthouses, post offices, or other government buildings in the county.
Offices are usually slow the day before a holiday and busy the day after.
Offices are very busy in the major towns.
Offices are well lighted and provide a comfortable atmosphere for work.
Offices are well lighted and provide a comfortable atmosphere.
Offices are well-lit and clean.
Offices avoid using heavy-weight paper.
Offices Below is a list of office locations, mailing addresses and phone numbers.
Offices bring all types of people together.
Offices can also go a step further and buy papers made with little or no chlorine.
Offices can be smaller, therefore, less costly.
Offices can become very hectic environments at peak hours.
Offices can collaborate on projects and become better decision-makers in the process.
Offices can stop there or classify through the floristic levels as needed for their application.
Offices close at noon.
Offices close four times a day for prayer for up to half an hour.
Offices commence at the end of the elections meeting.
Offices contribute about a quarter, comprising a variety of papers, computer printouts etc.
Offices deal with matters of ongoing concern related to modernization.
Offices employ women.
Offices Find the nearest legal aid office or community clinic.
Offices focus on strategies.
Offices focus on wealth management strategies.
Offices generate mostly paper.
Offices Get addresses, phone numbers, and fax numbers for our international offices.
Offices get national, exclusive new exposure at no extra charge.
Offices have (part) bases.
Offices have (part) sections.
Offices have a district manager and public health nurse specialist in each area.
Offices have difficulty sorting out important constituent communications from group-generated spam.
Offices have functions.
Offices have glass walls.
Offices have instruction.
Offices have investigations.
Offices have multiple fax machines, copiers, laser printers, and postage machines.
Offices have outlets.
Offices have plusses and minuses.
Offices have procedures.
Offices have similar functions.
Offices have state-specific information about cancer and employment discrimination.
Offices have systems to book conference rooms.
Offices have terrazzo floors and plastered and polished walls.
Offices have time to use up current inventories before ordering replacements.
Offices have to be built for the technical and administrative personnel.
Offices have to be built.
Offices include lists.
Offices locations throughout the province.
Offices Maintain a worm bin as an in-house group project.
Offices map and contact details.
Offices never open.
Offices now have phones.
Offices now occupy that space.
Offices occupy renovated spaces.
Offices occupy the second floor above a collection of pedestrian-friendly businesses.
Offices occupy the tower.
Offices offer advice.
Offices offer on-site management and close proximity to studios and restaurant services.
Offices offer services.
Offices offer workshops.
Offices offer written tests, driving tests, and vision tests.
Offices Offers business consultation with retired executives .
Offices open regular hours.
Offices overflow with plants, books and files.
Offices perform activities.
Offices post advisement schedules each quarter.
Offices prepare for upcoming admissions cycle.
Offices provide advice.
Offices provide frameworks.
Offices provide information.
Offices provide legal advice.
Offices provide services.
Offices provide work space for additional student organizations .
Offices radiate from the center.
Offices range from modern technology parks to laboratories to manufacturing plants.
Offices range from single producing owners to offices with multi desks with several recruiters.
Offices receive a copy and are able to save that information in a unit's electronic file.
Offices receive the paper through distribution.
Offices rely heavily on student help.
Offices remain open.
Offices request records by e-mail, our web site, fax, and even the telephone.
Offices rotate among communications and IT representatives.
Offices rotate responsibility for students on a monthly basis.
Offices sell the flags at cost.
Offices sit on the third side.
Offices span the globe.
Offices stand empty, or are used for storage, fewer and fewer faces appear at meetings.
Offices still prefer to have wire for security and access speed purposes.
Offices tend to accumulate information, on students, employees, customers, suppliers, etc.
Offices tend to be well appointed and benefits are normally very good.
Offices use different web page publishing applications to prepare HTML files for their pages.
Offices vary tremendously in what is covered.
Offices work five days a week.
Offices always have the option of keeping records longer than the recommended retention period.
Offices usually accommodate two graduate students per office and are wired for Internet access.
All office visits, except emergencies, are by appointment.
All offices also have access to the world wide web.
All offices are accessible by elevator located in the lobby.
All offices are accessible by public transit buses.
All offices are accessible.
All offices are air-conditioned.
All offices are available.
All offices are closed.
All offices are for a one-year term.
All offices are for two years.
All offices are for two-year terms.
All offices are fully air conditioned and carpeted.
All offices are in located in Aquinas .
All offices are nonpartisan.
All offices are non-partisan.
All offices are on e-mail.
All offices are on the first level.
All offices are open daily during the noon hour.
All offices are open except the negotiations team.
All offices are open for election bi-annually.
All offices are open for election every two years.
All offices are open plan.
All offices are open seven days a week, year-round.
All offices are open to both juniors and seniors.
All offices are open.
All offices are staffed to handle doctor visits, lab appointments and some tests.
All offices are to be commended on their efforts in preparing project funding proposals.
All offices are to be determined.
All offices are to look for ways to reduce the size and cost of their fleet.
All offices are to submit mission statements and service standards as soon as they are developed.
All offices are tty-equipped.
All offices are under the control of the supreme political leadership.
All offices are wheelchair accessible.
All offices become vacant at the Annual Meeting.
All offices benefit from office plants, living or artificial.
All offices can provide general and specialized investigation services.
All offices cover their respective areas only.
All offices Destroy after action is taken.
All offices have audio tape recorders.
All offices have bilingual capability including English and Spanish.
All offices have bilingual capability including Spanish and English.
All offices have litigation expertise.
All offices have medico locks in steel office doors.
All offices have PCs that are connected to the mainframe.
All offices have personal or shared computers connected to the campus and worldwide network.
All offices have private lavatories and kitchens plus plenty free covered parking on premises.
All offices have wall coverings, solid doors and parabolic lighting.
All offices listed below are our overseas affiliated company.
All offices offer homes and properties for sale as well as summer rentals.
All offices offer sales, service, rentals, and training.
All offices operate on a walk-in basis and can accept assistance requests on the telephone.
All offices post jobs on a continual basis.
All offices practise the same prices and offer the same services.
All offices provide computer training for employees, and resume consultation.
All offices provide maps, information, and brochures.
All offices provide videoconferencing to facilitate the long-distance interviewing process.
All offices respect and support the students' right to privacy.
All offices share each other's listings to facilitate the sale of properties.
Any office is limited by antiquated computers and equipment.
Every office can have up to date human resource policy information.
Every office employs people who speak Spanish.
Every office handles information.
Every office has a a window view of the atrium or of campus.
Every office has a different feel to it.
Every office has a different set of resources and needs.
Every office has a few co-workers who resemble remaining castaways.
Every office has a few tech essentials - at the least a printer and a fax.
Every office has a list of products that they buy on a regular basis.
Every office has a telephone.
Every office has at least one person who is happy to share bag after bag of tomatoes.
Every office has equipment in it that needs to be professionally cleaned.
Every office has leaks and holes which their patients can easily fall through.
Every office has neat freaks and slobs.
Every office has one thing in common.
Every office has one.
Every office has rumormongers.
Every office has some system in place to review charge prioritization systems.
Every office has status symbols that are zealously sought and jealously guarded.
Every office has that one guy.
Every office has times and commitments that create chaotic episodes.
Every office has two levels of passwords.
Every office holds millions of documents, so any that are misplaced are very difficult to trace.
Every office is different and none is very large.
Every office is different.
Every office is for each area market only.
Every office is like a mini soap opera, abuzz with gossip and office politics.
Every office is networked worldwide.
Every office is ranked against each other.
Every office is supplied a directory for each phone.
Every office listed is searchable by company name, location, or industries served.
Every office needs a copy.
Every office needs an absolutely accurate clock.
Every office needs one.
Every office needs somebody to take care of business.
Every office receives at least one copy.
Every office supposes power to a greater or less extent.
Many offices accept certain applications by mail.
Many offices accept e-mail, but written letters carry much more weight.
Many offices also have satellite offices in nearby cities.
Many offices also know that it takes a little more effort to print a letter and address an envelope.
Many offices also maintain policies of broad interest .
Many offices also offer benefits and production bonuses.
Many offices also provide free fruit.
Many offices also use pre-medication or sedation to control apprehension.
Many offices are able to do audiograms for screening purposes.
Many offices are now able to handle email letters.
Many offices are open late at night during the first weeks of the semester.
Many offices are staffed part-time, however.
Many offices face a central atrium.
Many offices fail to assign the specific task of answering the phones.
Many offices fail to bill for the proper dosage of the drug.
Many offices find that the self-seal on traditional paper sterilization pouches needs assistance.
Many offices find that there's some e-publishing application that's completely compelling.
Many offices give away free prostheses that stores have donated.
Many offices handle all the insurance claims and paperwork involved in third party reimbursement.
Many offices have a calendar tacked to the wall in a central location.
Many offices have a closed day each week or require bookings to be made.
Many offices have a history of floods.
Many offices have a number of departments, all with different managers.
Many offices have a practice of date-stamping incoming documents for tracking purposes.
Many offices have different standards of eligibility.
Many offices have evening and weekend hours to accomodate the students.
Many offices have excellent working relationships with their supervisors.
Many offices have lots of house plants, but no official house plant care company.
Many offices have newsletters and e-mail discussion groups for their students.
Many offices have ongoing comment cards, etc.
Many offices have resources and other materials that are very useful for parish activities.
Many offices have separate phone numbers for prescription refills.
Many offices have soil probes that can be borrowed to use in taking samples.
Many offices have special application requirements.
Many offices have too much light anyway.
Many offices have two wall switches controlling the fluorescent light fixtures.
Many offices invite seasoned foster parents to serve on a question and answer panel.
Many offices log in phone calls or keep copies of messages.
Many offices lose sight of their goals in the rush of normal legislative business.
Many offices maintain databases of former students working in various organizations.
Many offices offer an initial in-office treatment before patients continue with treatments at home.
Many offices offer numbers with recorded local and marine forecasts.
Many offices operate with fewer staff near the end of the day when adolescents are scheduled.
Many offices overlook the retail and dining areas.
Many offices provide information that actually is managed by another office.
Many offices segregate the children in order to reduce disease transmission.
Many offices try to meet demand by leaving several slots open each day.
Many offices use a variety of paper forms for special situations.
Many offices use an automated system to confirm receipt of e-mail messages.
Many offices use mass mailings to inform the community of upcoming events or seminars.
Many offices use multiple servers.
Many offices use paper that has been used on one side for fax machine paper.
Many offices utilize a variety of office equipment.
Many offices utilize paper bins for recycling.
Many offices work with alumni at no cost or for low fees.
Most office choose two or three-month intervals as the happy medium.
Most offices already have a data jack that can be activated.
Most offices already have a personal computer.
Most offices already have qualified employees to conduct sampling on low risk sites.
Most offices also run appointment systems to make arrangements for marriages.
Most offices are back to normal.
Most offices are closed and empty.
Most offices are down the hallway to the left.
Most offices are fairly self-contained.
Most offices are large, modern, and equipped with the latest office machines and computers.
Most offices are modern, well-lit and equipped with the latest office machines and computers.
Most offices are multilingual enabling clients to conduct business away from home.
Most offices are open seven days a week and have brochures with tiny pictures of each home.
Most offices are simply a group of independent agents working for a Broker.
Most offices are well equipped with diagnostic tools, such as ophthalmoscopes.
Most offices ban smoking.
Most offices can only use ethernet to connect to the Internet.
Most offices continue to offer unemployment claims service upon request.
Most offices do specialize more on one material.
Most offices employ women.
Most offices find it fairly simple and cost-effective to purchase and use a scanner .
Most offices focus on strategies.
Most offices focus on wealth management strategies.
Most offices go by appointment only for the testing and application process.
Most offices have adequate lighting and ventilation.
Most offices have batch jobs that run on a regular basis.
Most offices have desktop computers.
Most offices have enough volume to keep carriers busy all morning.
Most offices have florescent lighting which is highly unflattering.
Most offices have fluorescent lighting, which is highly unflattering.
Most offices have functions.
Most offices have indexes to match street addresses and parcel numbers.
Most offices have instruction.
Most offices have investigations.
Most offices have many bulletins.
Most offices have one person who seems to know how everything works.
Most offices have outlets.
Most offices have overhead fixtures that light all workers evenly.
Most offices have procedures.
Most offices have similar functions.
Most offices have weekly king cake parties.
Most offices have windows.
Most offices keep a list of recommended interpreters.
Most offices keep a talley of calls and pending bills.
Most offices lack the ability to conference in real-time with the exception of the telephone.
Most offices offer a flexible schedule including day, night and weekend shifts.
Most offices offer advice.
Most offices offer services.
Most offices offer workshops.
Most offices only circulate their air about four times per hour.
Most offices perform activities.
Most offices provide advice.
Most offices provide fewer forms of interference than commercial or industrial environments do.
Most offices provide frameworks.
Most offices provide information.
Most offices provide legal advice.
Most offices provide services.
Most offices require a filing fee.
Most offices require appointments.
Most offices review financial reports such as Bests' in their offices on an annual basis.
Most offices start with one computer.
Most offices take three days to completely overhaul.
Most offices try to stay close to the price presented.
Most offices use a filing system.
Most offices use carpeting for floor covering.
Most offices use disposable prophy angles that have a rubber cup containing latex rubber.
Most offices used by visitors have at the very least a terminal that allows for network access.
Some office is needed to interpret, enforce, and follow the laws.
Some offices accept faxed listings.
Some offices accept only cash and travelers checks.
Some offices accept only money orders or cashier's checks.
Some offices accept only written status requests.
Some offices already have a flexible work plan in effect.
Some offices also accept requests made by fax.
Some offices also have a central office tickler system as well as individual attorney systems.
Some offices also post evening or extended hours.
Some offices also provide warehousing for the equipment and materials used in daily operations.
Some offices are also open during the noon hour.
Some offices are available.
Some offices are barrier free and have restrooms accommodating wheelchairs.
Some offices are closed half the day so staff can keep their heads above water.
Some offices are extremely organized, others seem to get out of whack as the year goes along.
Some offices are for legislators , the people who make the laws .
Some offices are for legislators, the people who make the laws.
Some offices are for people who enforce laws , for example a president or governor .
Some offices are for people who enforce laws, for example a president or governor.
Some offices are huge, with many people that have access to the fax machine.
Some offices are in the beginning stages of assessment.
Some offices are more advanced than others.
Some offices are open later to serve evening students.
Some offices are open.
Some offices are still in transition.
Some offices are willing to conduct phone interviews.
Some offices are willing to serve as models for others.
Some offices buy gifts for co-workers who leave the job, retire, get married, or have a baby.
Some offices choose to accentuate areas with flowering plants that are changed monthly.
Some offices collect a deposit at the time of casting.
Some offices conduct economic growth.
Some offices conduct growth.
Some offices cover only a few counties, while others have jurisdiction over several States.
Some offices do fall within the mandated reporter status.
Some offices do make special arrangements if necessary.
Some offices even offer computerized job searches.
Some offices even specialize in that kind of care.
Some offices get a turpentine smell and another experiences a substantial buildup of charcoal dust.
Some offices handle research funding information centrally with an information officer position.
Some offices have a gym or sports facilities and most have social activities.
Some offices have a surrogate mother or father.
Some offices have a team focused solely on governance programmes.
Some offices have air conditions.
Some offices have conditions.
Some offices have employees transfer paper from desktop to centralized containers.
Some offices have health clubs with showers and encourage workers to exercise mid-day.
Some offices have individual printers for each person and also a network printer.
Some offices have just one Internet phone connection, or perhaps have poor quality phone lines.
Some offices have low-key colors while others are bright green, blue, purple or orange.
Some offices have marriage and birth certificates available.
Some offices have marriage and birth records available.
Some offices have more window area than others.
Some offices have nice furnishings.
Some offices have occasional jobs abroad.
Some offices have resources.
Some offices help students.
Some offices hold daytime classes.
Some offices implement a new patient protocol in which a single video works better.
Some offices insist on describing the level of subluxation only.
Some offices loan out available stencils.
Some offices maintain electronic versions of issued journals.
Some offices maintain telephone job lines.
Some offices meet requirements.
Some offices offer classes in Spanish.
Some offices offer details.
Some offices offer more details.
Some offices prefer to work from a list.
Some offices produce software and data in electronic formats.
Some offices prop their doors open, creating temporary obstructions in the hallways.
Some offices provide a call-in hour in which the doctor takes calls directly.
Some offices provide employment services for only select types or grades of positions.
Some offices rely on their voice-mail system, while others just shout down the hall.
Some offices report death.
Some offices report using clear plastic inserts throughout the office.
Some offices require a day's notice to produce a printed audit.
Some offices require an appointment.
Some offices require evening and week-end coverage.
Some offices require payment by money order, or prior payment at a designated bank.
Some offices require proof.
Some offices require some payment with each visit.
Some offices require the ability to transcribe taped material with speed and accuracy.
Some offices restrict parents from accompanying their child to the treatment area.
Some offices sell source-separated material to buy back centers.
Some offices show individuality year round with children's artwork, curtains or plants.
Some offices take alkaline batteries.
Some offices use banners for sorting purposes.
Some offices use fax to send and receive rush materials.
Some offices use rotating duplicators.
Some offices wait until a separate deadline for the final selection of interns.
An officeholder is a holder
An officeholder is an official
Officeholders are holders.
Officeholders are officials.
Officeholders only get one shot at a position.
Officeholders usually hate all that.
Every officeholder does it.
Officer candidates pursue any accredited degree.
Officer training is carried out in the USA and France, as well as in Tunisia.
Officer training is key to implementing an effective enforcement program.
Officer training is rigorous and long and follows Western military doctrine.
Officer training tests the firefighter's ability to manage the fire area and supervise personnel.
An officer is a man
Officer acts as liaison between schools and police department.
Officer agrees to send form.
Officer aims at marchers with beanbag-firing shotgun.
Officer also wear a navy blue wool sweater when the weather gets rough.
Officer appears to be wearing a winter uniform.
Officer arrests observer.
Officer assumes position upon being elected.
Officer can gain control of a subject.
Officer chooses the chemical test.
Officer commissioning in the military is also available.
Officer continues acquiring job knowledge and skills.
Officer coordinating through duty of office receive half the points awarded.
Officer decides whether to bring to a judicial panel.
Officer decides who the crime or crime trend is most likely to affect.
Officer down are two words that strike fear into the heart of any law enforcement officer.
Officer encourages the caller to come into the station and get matter resolved.
Officer enters what type of action was taken on the stop.
Officer explains that caller can file a third party complaint.
Officer guides in a downloadable and printable format.
Officer has a population of approx.
Officer has no affirmative duty to assist a defendant to obtain such a test.
Officer injures hand.
Officer introduces visitors.
Officer is a noted skeptic about meteor-induced extinctions.
Officer is a romantic musical thriller.
Officer is obviously approachable and open minded to input suggested by crew members.
Officer is on back step.
Officer is on the turntable.
Officer is to patrol premises via foot.
Officer is to patrol via foot patrol.
Officer isa serviceman.
Officer marks outstanding meritorious service in duties of responsibility.
Officer needs help.
Officer needs to be present only during the time alcohol is open.
Officer oversees services, arranges referrals, monitors appropriateness and compliance.
Officer pats down Defendant and finds drugs.
Officer presents family with donations.
Officer reports everything ok, and secures rooms within.
Officer reset the alarm.
Officer secures the area and begins examination of crime scene.
Officer starts in-processing based upon schedule below.
Officer stops car and finds no problem.
Officer talks to attack victim.
Officer wears wireless microphone that picks up audio.
Officers achieve power.
Officers act as a corporation's agents and can bind the corporation to contracts and agreements.
Officers act as detectives.
Officers act as mentors by giving support and guidance to students.
Officers act as mentors, mediators, teachers, friends and confidants to the students.
Officers actively enforce animal control ordinances and promote adoption.
Officers advance to positions.
Officers aim at being highly visible through bike, foot, and vehicle patrols.
Officers also abate abandoned or inoperable vehicles on city streets and private property.
Officers also admit, instruct and escort authorized visitors and supervise visits to inmates.
Officers also advise pool staff on good practices relating to pool hygiene and safety.
Officers also assess fair rents for regulated tenancies.
Officers also assist with vehicle jump offs and securing and unsecuring campus buildings.
Officers also attend other training courses offered by local law enforcement agencies.
Officers also attend yearly in-service training, stressing tactics, legal issues, and firearms.
Officers also believe that such actions have a certain degree to it.
Officers also can continue their training in highly specialized areas.
Officers also can do accident andincident reports on the squad car laptops.
Officers also can help with minor emergencies like keys locked in cars and dead batteries.
Officers also can take advantage of statewide promotional opportunities.
Officers also carry an extendible baton, pepper spray and sidearms.
Officers also compare signatures by the prisoners at the time of arrest and release.
Officers also conduct patrols during fishing seasons and conservation closures.
Officers also conduct school zone traffic throughout the school year.
Officers also direct and monitor traffic, investigate complaints, and patrol the city.
Officers also handle cases informally, using a diversion process when appropriate.
Officers also have direct access to local, state and federal databases at their fingertips.
Officers also have the discretion of issuing a Uniform Traffic Citation.
Officers also have the opportunity to work outside jobs for overtime.
Officers also help with community crime prevention and school safety projects.
Officers also inspect pilot certificates and aircraft registrations.
Officers also investigate traffic accidents and crimes and make arrests.
Officers also maintain a metal detector at the entrance to the building.
Officers also operate in unmarked police vehicles.
Officers also participate in teaching safe boating classes to community groups and junior operators.
Officers also patrol the campus on foot.
Officers also perform various duties related to community caretaking.
Officers also plan to check bodyshops for vehicles brought in for repairs.
Officers also provide aid in medical emergencies.
Officers also provide assistance in emergency responses to accidents and disasters.
Officers also radio back reports to the dispatcher.
Officers also receive an allowance for uniform cleaning.
Officers also receive partial reimbursement for college tuition, and continuous in-service training.
Officers also receive training in regards to gay and lesbian issues.
Officers also report disturbances, violations of rules and any unusual occurrences.
Officers also report disturbances, violations of rules, and any unusual occurrences.
Officers also respond when there are emergencies on campus, such as fires or severe weather.
Officers also take advantage of numerous continuing education programs.
Officers also take children to local beauty shops to boost the kids' self-esteem.
Officers also use portable metal detectors at the third courtroom.
Officers also utilize a local Cinetronic range for skill enhancement.
Officers also visit schools and local communities to discuss ship operations.
Officers also work to prevent crime and arrest people violating the law.
Officers also work traffic detail in school zones.
Officers announce death.
Officers apply when openings occur and are put through a rigorous testing process.
Officers are a separate small element that can be attached to a formation.
Officers are a significant part of the framework in a club.
Officers are accountable for the condition of their horses, and inspections are frequent.
Officers are accountable to the members.
Officers are afforded opportunities for advancement and specialized positions within the department.
Officers are alerted to suspect situations by other means as well.
Officers are all youth and are elected by the youth on the commission.
Officers are also able to communicate with dispatchers at the police station.
Officers are also alarmed that thieves have become increasingly bold.
Officers are also available by appointment.
Officers are also available for educational programs.
Officers are also available to speak to groups on fire prevention.
Officers are also available to speak with local community groups on request.
Officers are also better able to talk with students, faculty, and staff on bike patrol.
Officers are also subject to unannounced inspections during the shift.
Officers are always available to respond to requests for assistance and emergencies.
Officers are an integral part of the educational process.
Officers are armed and deputized.
Officers are armed and fully empowered to make arrests.
Officers are armed and have full police power, including arrest authority and power to search.
Officers are assigned to administrative duties.
Officers are assigned to duties.
Officers are available for commercial and residential premise security surveys.
Officers are available for help from the time classes start to when the last classes end.
Officers are available for talks on child safety in and ouside the home.
Officers are available to do security surveys of private residences.
Officers are available to make presentations to workers and employers.
Officers are available to parochial schools when requested.
Officers are available to respond to calls for service seven days a week.
Officers are available to speak on many different topics related to policing and law enforcement.
Officers are available upon request for education or safety programs.
Officers are available, by prior arrangements, to speak to students, staff, groups or organizations.
Officers are available, for a fee, to provide security for private events.
Officers are capable of voice commands.
Officers are cautious with members money.
Officers are certain that they have their main suspects in a robbery committed early that week.
Officers are currently also directors on the board.
Officers are detailed on directed patrol to handle various assignments throughout the city.
Officers are eighth graders elected during the spring of the seventh grade year.
Officers are eligible for annual increases with satisfactory performances.
Officers are eligible for election for a maximum of three consecutive terms.
Officers are eligible for no more than two consecutive terms of office for the same post.
Officers are eligible for re-election for one additional term of two years.
Officers are eligible for re-election.
Officers are eligible for reelection.
Officers are eligible only for base building adjustments.
Officers are eligible to receive one of the two certification payments.
Officers are eligible to serve only two consecutive terms in the same office.
Officers are everywhere and people are intimidated by that.
Officers are exempt from serving on subcommittees.
Officers are exempt from term limits.
Officers are fair in dealing with people.
Officers are financially liable for loss or theft of their handgun.
Officers are generally the company owners and key executives.
Officers are heavily armed and on the lookout for suspicious people matching escapee photographs.
Officers are human beings, complete with life experiences, when they join a police force.
Officers are important to youth.
Officers are important.
Officers are in charge of passenger safety as well.
Officers are in ten countries and have never met offline.
Officers are knowledgeable, sympathetic and helpful.
Officers are leaders.
Officers are liable for breaches of their agency duties.
Officers are limited to day division students.
Officers are limited to two consecutive terms in an office.
Officers are limited to two consecutive terms.
Officers are located in fraternity houses.
Officers are mariners.
Officers are more interested in promotions than learning secrets.
Officers are most often in a reaction mode.
Officers are much better trained than ever before.
Officers are much easier to research than non-commissioned officers or other ranks.
Officers are much more accessible while on the bikes.
Officers are non-voting individuals appointed by the board to carry out the board's policies.
Officers are normally college graduates, while enlisted personnel are usually high school graduates.
Officers are now able to check for wants and warrants from their vehicles.
Officers are now able to write for promotion after four years of service.
Officers are now confident in the reliability of their service weapon.
Officers are now less cautious in loading the boats and they begin to leave more fully loaded.
Officers are now more willing to speak out if anything improper happens.
Officers are officers.
Officers are often the first on the scene of an emergency.
Officers are on call after regular business hours for emergency animal control.
Officers are on call for emergencies.
Officers are on duty primarily during the evening hours.
Officers are on duty year round, patrolling the campus by foot, automobile and bicycle.
Officers are on foot, on bikes, and in cars.
Officers are on full scholarship.
Officers are on the scene now.
Officers are on their way.
Officers are only at risk when they are 'ambushed'.
Officers are out of cars and more accessible to the public, making interaction easier.
Officers are out there risking their lives each and every day.
Officers are part of the educational process.
Officers are particularly worried about a teenage boy who has taken a leadership role.
Officers are people too, and as such, they make mistakes.
Officers are people.
Officers are politicians first.
Officers are present or immediate past members of a faculty senate.
Officers are president, vice president, and secretary-treasurer.
Officers are president, vice-president, secretary and treasurer.
Officers are president, vice-president, secretary, treasurer, and five regional representatives.
Officers are professional and helpful.
Officers are public servants.
Officers are reluctant to speak on the record about the situation.
Officers are reluctant to talk about the witches in their midst.
Officers are responsible for a full range of public safety services.
Officers are responsible for all activities of the association.
Officers are responsible for determining whether a valid court protection order is in force.
Officers are responsible for knowing and following the guidelines.
Officers are responsible for maintaining documentation to support the business use of the vehicle.
Officers are responsible for morale, training, and decision-making.
Officers are responsible for procuring and maintaining uniforms.
Officers are responsible for providing general law enforcement and public service duties.
Officers are responsible for security and safety at the location site.
Officers are responsible for the everyday management of the corporation.
Officers are responsible for the operations of the chapter.
Officers are responsible for the remainder of their equipment and uniform.
Officers are responsible for their own personal purchases.
Officers are responsible for their people and equipment as well as their own actions.
Officers are running out of central supplies out there, vendors are upset, it's a mess.
Officers are secure in past traditions of impunity.
Officers are sometimes cut-off from dispatchers, unable to communicate in areas known as dead spots.
Officers are state-certified police officers and have jurisdiction throughout the State of Utah.
Officers are still investigating, no other information is available.
Officers are still responsible for their positions to make sure the information is correct.
Officers are subject to recall at any time for malfeasance in office.
Officers are subject to recall for malfeasance in office.
Officers are subject to recall for malficence in office.
Officers are subject to work rotating shifts and changing days off.
Officers are the chair, vice chair and secretary.
Officers are the leaders of an army, skilled in strategy and directing troops.
Officers are the president, past president, vice president, and secretary.
Officers are the wild card.
Officers are then under increasing pressure to maintain a quota of seized assets.
Officers are there to lead.
Officers are to be regarded as members of the school faculty.
Officers are to reenter the building and go directly to their assignment manager.
Officers are to retain their side-arms.
Officers are to submit their job descriptions.
Officers are under orders to radio back to base for permission to use weapons.
Officers are uniformed and have received extensive law enforcement and wildlife management training.
Officers are unsure in which county the assaults occurred.
Officers are well qualified to perform their various duties in peace and war.
Officers are workers.
Officers arrest men.
Officers arrive at scenes.
Officers arrive at the crime scene without delay due to more accurate dispatch systems.
Officers arrive on scenes.
Officers arriving on the scene of the assault begin the investigation.
Officers assigned to public affairs continue to wear their basic branch insignia.
Officers assist in establishing and maintaining the security of the physical plant.
Officers assist the warrant division in serving warrants.
Officers assume a ready position before beginning an exercise.
Officers assume duties at the closure of the meeting in which they are elected.
Officers assume office immediately following the election.
Officers assume position upon being elected.
Officers attempt to organize residents to work together as a small, closely knit community.
Officers attempt to trace any identification and notify owners that pets are impounded.
Officers attend meetings to present their reports or give advice to members.
Officers attend overview sessions at centrally located conference centers.
Officers augment the foot patrols when staffing allows.
Officers barricade the streets.
Officers base their action of what they see and feel towards the violation.
Officers become eligible for four weeks vacation.
Officers become eligible for retirement after twenty years of active service.
Officers become responsible for smaller geographic areas and projects.
Officers begin shifts at staggered hours in order to accomplish overlapping coverage.
Officers begin their service in supervisory positions.
Officers begin to load up the lifeboats.
Officers believe it was an act of vandalism.
Officers believe that all the equipment is stolen.
Officers believe that they're free to do whatever they choose on the city streets.
Officers beware To all the holders of the scarlet coat and golden tab.
Officers bring the crash truck to respond to minor disturbances in the jail yards.
Officers build their writing competency and develop a word list of frequently used words.
Officers bunk three to a stateroom, a little larger than a walk-in closet.
Officers can add information without having to return to the police station.
Officers can also access the in-house computer system.
Officers can also ask judges for curfews or electronic house arrest supervision.
Officers can also check on where other officers are.
Officers can also create complete reports in the disconnected mode.
Officers can also embed digital photos and add audio recordings to reports.
Officers can also opt to carry defensive repellent with handcuffs.
Officers can also take advantage of statewide promotional opportunities.
Officers can also wear protective eyewear, bike gloves, and mountain bike shoes.
Officers can answer questions only about activity at the schools and communities they represent.
Officers can approach silently and get much closer to crimes in progress before being seen.
Officers can approach silently on the specially designed bicycles.
Officers can arrange meetings with the PC to discuss their Section's work.
Officers can arrange to meet with each other or discuss a case without tying up the dispatcher.
Officers can assist victims of domestic violence in obtaining court orders.
Officers can be from any region.
Officers can be proactive, checking vehicles or suspicious persons without burdening a dispatcher.
Officers can become moody and irrational.
Officers can come in any time to train.
Officers can communicate with each other through the system.
Officers can contain crowds on the north or south side of the street.
Officers can cover a more broader area on bicycle than on foot.
Officers can decrease their chances of heart disease by engaging in moderate exercise.
Officers can delegate authority.
Officers can determine whether a youth belongs to a gang.
Officers can edit current club accounts, and delete any that are empty.
Officers can even access the database in their patrol cars utilizing laptops.
Officers can even check on the availability of space at the detention center during arrest.
Officers can exceed the speed limit, but they have to exercise due caution.
Officers can expect to be considered for joint duty assignments worldwide.
Officers can feel pressured to fulfill arbitrary quotas , if they are to earn raises and promotions.
Officers can fun for consecutive terms.
Officers can get to the form here .
Officers can give support, investigate complaints and provide mediation in serious complaints.
Officers can have additional planning meetings.
Officers can indicate a wide range of preferences.
Officers can instantly verify details about people, cars and leisure or commercial boats.
Officers can meet persons in a parking lot by calling ahead and arranging a time.
Officers can move freely, duck, dodge, and take cover.
Officers can no longer afford to live in some of the areas they police.
Officers can no longer expect to get a top block rating on every report.
Officers can no longer pull traffic violators over because of race, color or sex.
Officers can now enter member withdrawals.
Officers can now query past activity logs looking for that one traffic stop or victim's name.
Officers can only enforce violations of the Washington County animal ordinances.
Officers can only grant let ins to students assigned to the room or hall.
Officers can only hope answers lie within the doll, which is now tucked away in a brown paper bag.
Officers can purchase their uniforms, shoes, guns, and miscellaneous equipment.
Officers can pursue outside employment, including acting work, if they have gained permission.
Officers can quickly respond to an area using their vehicle or, when close by, their bike.
Officers can recommend cases for referral.
Officers can remove the laptops from the vehicles.
Officers can search a property with a court order or if a suspect is presumed to be hiding there.
Officers can serve for more than one term only if reelected.
Officers can serve up to two one-year terms.
Officers can surveil areas, even under complete darkness.
Officers can take any alcohol, money or property used in committing the offence.
Officers can take reports and offer crime prevention tips.
Officers can take that expanded knowledge back to their core positions and apply it.
Officers can take the survey only once.
Officers can tap into local, state or federal databases.
Officers can use their own judgment if they see a kid with a cigarette or smoking one.
Officers can utilize the meetings to discuss victim assistance services that are available.
Officers can volunteer for jobs right from the listings.
Officers can zoom in from hundreds of yards, or use infrared beams to peer through walls.
Officers can, in most cases, assist motorists with entry into their locked car.
Officers carry out pool side tests for free and combined chlorine, ph, cyanuric acid and bromine.
Officers carry out routine inspections on all premises using such equipment.
Officers carry specialized duty ammunition while on the street.
Officers change every six months or so in elections by the populace.
Officers chat with callers.
Officers check the area but are unable to locate the subject.
Officers check the cargo to see if everything is legal.
Officers check the residence and surrounding area and found no sign of criminal activity.
Officers Click an officer's name or picture to send an e-mail.
Officers Click HERE to view officers.
Officers come to conclusions.
Officers come to work and do little more than sit around.
Officers communicate with drivers via electronic signs.
Officers compete by competitive category.
Officers compete within the community for promotion.
Officers complain of low pay, insufficient staffing and problems with equipment.
Officers comprise most of the professional cadre.
Officers conduct bike rodeos for schools or other interested groups.
Officers conduct criminal investigations.
Officers conduct exterior lighting surveys on a regular basis.
Officers conduct initial investigations of crimes and provide traffic control as required.
Officers conduct inspections.
Officers conduct investigations.
Officers conduct most of their inspections between more urgent calls, such as boating accidents.
Officers conduct preventative patrols throughout campus in a vehicle, on bicycles and on foot.
Officers conduct preventative patrols throughout the campus in vehicles, on bicycles and on foot.
Officers conduct proactive partrols by vehicle, bicycle, and on foot.
Officers conduct pro-active patrol via marked vehicle, bicycle, and on foot.
Officers conduct specialist safety inspections.
Officers conduct vessels.
Officers conduct workshops to provide awareness of the problem of crime.
Officers confirm that councils are working well with campus councils.
Officers confiscate drug-making apparatus and seize illegal drugs for evidence.
Officers confiscate video and still camera film, and lay criminal charges.
Officers consider eight indicators.
Officers consist of a president, vice president, secretary, treasurer, and parliamentarian.
Officers contact appropriate authorities if they discover any problems.
Officers contact the responsible, who is getting into a limo.
Officers contact women.
Officers continually make presentations through the community.
Officers continue to investigate and the suspects are still at large.
Officers control pedestrian and vehicular traffic on campus.
Officers cop to lewd behavior.
Officers currently receive overtime pay at time and a half if they work over their scheduled hours.
Officers currently serve for one year.
Officers currently work eight hour days with five days on and two off.
Officers daily make decisions that involve millions of dollars of resources.
Officers deal with residents in a professional and polite manner.
Officers demonstrate exemplary methods in each instance.
Officers describe scenes.
Officers detached usually sell cars at considerable reduction and good market.
Officers determine activities.
Officers determine final content.
Officers determine limits.
Officers determine that alcohol is involved.
Officers develop skills through demonstration and practice methods.
Officers direct the daily operations of the corporation.
Officers discuss their duties.
Officers discuss with students the role of the police officer in the community.
Officers do best what they want to do most.
Officers do get special treatment.
Officers do have a suspect.
Officers do have the right to detain and identify any individual on university property.
Officers do have the right to pat-down a suspect.
Officers do that day in and day out.
Officers do the thinking while enlisted do the physical labor.
Officers don t fulfill responsibility.
Officers dutifully buckle their seatbelts before heading into battle.
Officers earn ten days of vacation each year until they have completed five years of service.
Officers Elected for a period of one year each spring, they make it happen.
Officers enforce conservation and resource laws in the State.
Officers enforce county and state animal-related laws.
Officers enforce local, state and federal laws both on and off campus.
Officers enforce state and local laws pertaining to animals.
Officers enforce summary traffic laws through the use of citations and warning forms.
Officers enforce the law, gather evidence, and investigate criminal and some non-criminal activity.
Officers enforce traffic regulations and also watch for stolen automobiles.
Officers enjoy the scenario training.
Officers enter all non-traffic related charges against the driver.
Officers enter the scene from the start at a disadvantage.
Officers establish purposes.
Officers establish scientific purposes.
Officers exercise considerable authority over assigned caseloads.
Officers exercise judgment.
Officers exercise poor judgment.
Officers extend a warm greeting to visitors and are helpful within the neighborhood.
Officers face accusations of planting evidence, lying under oath, and cover-ups.
Officers face unique and often vulnerable situations during night operations.
Officers feel they've been set up to fail.
Officers figure the suspect is hiding somewhere in the home.
Officers fill positions.
Officers find doors.
Officers Find out about our officers and board members.
Officers find the bodies of both suspects.
Officers find themselves pulled in many directions if they try to satisfy too many people.
Officers first travel to their respective federal area offices for briefing, then onto London.
Officers focus on community interaction as a means of identifying and eliminating specific problems.
Officers focus on high complaint and accident areas to be most effective and responsive.
Officers follow procedures.
Officers follow similar progression.
Officers form a line.
Officers form the middle school function as homeroom representatives.
Officers gain experience.
Officers generally perform better when the rules are clear and the expectations are unambiguous.
Officers generally ride alone or with an assigned partner in groups of two.
Officers generally ride by themselves.
Officers generally ride with an assigned partner in groups of two.
Officers generally work in a beat for at least one year.
Officers Get a listing of the current officers with their e-mail links here.
Officers get badges that are colored silver and gold.
Officers get quick results while reducing traffic on the police radio communications system.
Officers get their own, personalized business cards among other benefits.
Officers give a graphic presentation on the reality of drinking and driving.
Officers give instruction on the various aspects of personal safety to groups within the community.
Officers give reports to the group when called on.
Officers go back to work.
Officers Go home.
Officers go to homes.
Officers go to the schools and read to the students in the elementary schools.
Officers hand out forms and there is much muttering and discussion.
Officers hand out pamphlets with several suggestions for quieting barking dogs.
Officers handle a variety of both domestic and wild animals.
Officers haul the confiscated kegs from the trunk.
Officers have (part) arms.
Officers have (part) body substances.
Officers have (part) cell membranes.
Officers have (part) cells.
Officers have (part) corpi.
Officers have (part) cytoplasm.
Officers have (part) heads.
Officers have (part) human bodies.
Officers have (part) legs.
Officers have (part) material bodies.
Officers have (part) necks.
Officers have (part) nuclei.
Officers have (part) personality.
Officers have (part) plasma membranes.
Officers have (part) sections.
Officers have (part) vacuoles.
Officers have a certain amount of discretion when determining punishment for disorderly conduct.
Officers have a more intimate knowledge of our services, which makes their jobs easier.
Officers have a protester on the ground.
Officers have a responsibility too.
Officers have a two year term.
Officers have additional responsibilities.
Officers have an obligation to be accessible throughout their term.
Officers have an open door policy and encourage interaction with the residents as often as possible.
Officers have assignments.
Officers have authority.
Officers have better quarters, better food and more privileges than enlisted men.
Officers have causes.
Officers have county-wide jurisdiction and offer mutual aid to adjoining authorities.
Officers have courage .
Officers have difficult jobs.
Officers have direct evidence.
Officers have duties.
Officers have electronic access to offenders' files and enter their reports electronically.
Officers have evidence.
Officers have eyes.
Officers have families.
Officers have few clues in the incidents. . . .
Officers have general duties.
Officers have jobs.
Officers have many responsibilities and therefore their ability is limited.
Officers have many stereotypes about a poor youth's family.
Officers have no law enforcement responsibilities outside the institution where they work.
Officers have opportunities to attend regional conferences and an international convention.
Officers have other, independent bases to search for weapons and protect themselves from danger.
Officers have pepper spray available also.
Officers have powers of peace officers.
Officers have probable causes.
Officers have special state police powers on land and buildings owned, or used by the institution.
Officers have tactical exercises at night in the buildings.
Officers have the authority to call supplementary meetings during the semester.
Officers have the capability of approaching situations or persons without being seen or heard.
Officers have the opportunity to advance other specialist fields.
Officers have the responsibility to attend all events unless extenuating circumstances exist.
Officers have the right to vote the shares and to receive cash dividends, if any.
Officers have the right, without probable cause, to take fingerprints at a crime scene.
Officers have the same arrest powers as private citizens.
Officers have their dues reduced depending on which office they fill.
Officers have their own tiny cabins.
Officers have to adapt to the situation and be flexible to become respected leaders.
Officers have to be voting members.
Officers have to concern themselves with soldiers' baby sitting needs.
Officers have to find another way of enforcing order on the street.
Officers have to go through extensive testing in the use and operation of the radar gun.
Officers have to go through much more training to get where they are.
Officers have to re-qualify with firearms once a year and with the asp baton every three years.
Officers have to specialise in the handling of various types of arms and rockets, etc.
Officers have to wear a cap called taboosh.
Officers have uniforms.
Officers have very stressful jobs.
Officers have workers.
Officers head crime off long before it occurs.
Officers help businesses organize meetings and designate security chiefs.
Officers help out, but have a lot of student involvement.
Officers help plan the program and participate in the ceremony.
Officers Here is a list of our infamous leaders.
Officers hide nearby, waiting for poachers to shoot.
Officers hold a business meeting once each calendar year.
Officers hold office until the election of their successors.
Officers hold positions.
Officers hold their offices for a term of two years.
Officers identify and correct safety hazards on an ongoing basis.
Officers include city police.
Officers include police.
Officers initially serve flight chiefs or assistant flight chiefs in a medical facility.
Officers input their own reports as do detectives.
Officers inspect boats to make sure there are enough life jackets and flare kits.
Officers inspect each house in their assigned neighborhood for code violations.
Officers inspect gun turret.
Officers inspect the prison or jail to determine that it is clean and safe.
Officers inspect vehicles, issue citations, and arrest subjects.
Officers interact directly with the adult inmate population.
Officers interact with members.
Officers interpret the suspect's actions in order to counter or respond to the violence.
Officers interview people standing on the street.
Officers interview witnesses.
Officers investigate all such complaints, and inspect premises to ensure compliance.
Officers investigate and report all crimes and incidents to the administration for proper action.
Officers investigate death.
Officers involve in decisions.
Officers is called a mess.
Officers is incomplete.
Officers is the reference used in evaluating credits.
Officers issue a receipt when they seize property.
Officers issue tickets.
Officers jump onto the thrown-up earth and try to encourage their men by their example.
Officers keep a close watch on the demonstrators wherever they go.
Officers knock on doors.
Officers know how to be WV police officers.
Officers know that fawns are being born.
Officers know the companies they drive for, however.
Officers know what they are potentially dealing with when they approach a car.
Officers lack driver-skills training, and they abuse and neglect police cruisers.
Officers lack the technical know how of the construction techniques.
Officers lead activities.
Officers lead management activities.
Officers lead monthly meetings.
Officers lead such activities.
Officers lead teams.
Officers learn the latest in-service techniques to maintain and correct canine team problems.
Officers learn what makes people work well together.
Officers leave houses.
Officers lie, steal, and cheat to save each other.
Officers list alcohol a factor in the crash.
Officers list and chapter activities.
Officers List the officers and advisor of the organization.
Officers listed above have membership forms.
Officers listed are limited to the president, vice president, secretary, and treasurer.
Officers load the data on their rounds.
Officers lobby on behalf of the residents.
Officers locate the group in the street and arrest one man for public intoxication.
Officers lock the exterior doors on campus buildings following the last class each evening.
Officers log into the durable checkpoint stations and record incidents during rounds.
Officers log into the system from mobile computers connected to a radio transceiver.
Officers look at weather and traffic conditions, whether they're on a freeway.
Officers look for creative solutions to long-term problems.
Officers love interacting with people like that.
Officers maintain competency through training and continuing education.
Officers maintain custody and control of inmates housed in the facility.
Officers maintain logs of testing activities that are reviewed by supervisors monthly.
Officers maintain patrol coverage on foot, bicycle, and in motor vehicles.
Officers maintain safety.
Officers make contact with suspected gang members if they observe even the pettiest of misdemeanors.
Officers make home visits in an effort to minimize truancy problems.
Officers make routine, independent decisions in delivering comprehensive services.
Officers make short term implementation decisions between meetings.
Officers meet a variety range of people.
Officers meet in a paid status one weekend each month.
Officers meet in Fort Thompson to form an association.
Officers meet on a weekly basis.
Officers meet once a month to discuss club issues.
Officers Meet our officers.
Officers meet regularly to plan both social activities and formal seminars with guest speakers.
Officers Meet the people who lead our organization.
Officers meet with selected students from area middle and high schools.
Officers monitor all inmate activities.
Officers monitor and write citations as needed and when time and staffing allow.
Officers monitor communities on bicycles, foot, horse, boat, car, and even helicopter.
Officers monitor the parks, as well as the parking lots and surrounding streets.
Officers move into positions.
Officers must have strength.
Officers need skills.
Officers normally remain at the scene until barriers arrive to block traffic from the work area.
Officers now have new cars, new radios, new guns, new members and, more importantly, a new attitude.
Officers now use lightweight, plastic flashlights.
Officers observe a suspect walking quickly through a subway station carrying a long case.
Officers observe a woman at the airport carrying a large package.
Officers observe individuals.
Officers obviously ignore such threats at their own peril.
Officers only serve a one year term.
Officers overheard the transactions and our bozo was quickly busted.
Officers park their patrol vehicles and conduct business contacts as well as citizens and visitors.
Officers participate in a two hundred and forty hour, twenty two week training academy.
Officers participate in an extensive training program.
Officers participate in drug, alcohol and gang-awareness programs in area schools.
Officers participating in the internship program enter in the grade of Captain.
Officers patrol both campuses on foot, on bicycles, and in marked and unmarked vehicles.
Officers patrol both campuses.
Officers patrol in three vehicles, one unmarked and two marked units.
Officers patrol the area and are mindful of potential problems.
Officers patrol the campus both to protect the population and enforce parking regulations.
Officers patrol the campus boundaries on a regular schedule by vehicle and foot patrol.
Officers patrol the campus by automobile, bicycle and on foot.
Officers patrol the campus by automobile, bicycle, and on foot.
Officers patrol the campus by automobile, motorcycle, bicycle and on foot.
Officers patrol the campus by foot, bicycle, marked and unmarked police vehicles.
Officers patrol the campus by marked vehicles and by foot patrol.
Officers patrol the campus on a regular basis and provide a wide range of public safety services.
Officers patrol the campus on a regular schedule by foot, bicycle, and vehicles.
Officers patrol the campus on foot and in marked patrol vehicles.
Officers patrol the campus on foot, bicycle and in marked patrol vehicles.
Officers patrol the campus on foot, by mountain bike, and in marked patrol cars.
Officers patrol the campus on foot, on bicycles, and in cars.
Officers patrol the campus on specially-equipped mountain bikes.
Officers patrol the campus to assure a high level of security.
Officers patrol the college grounds and buildings by vehicle, foot, and bike patrols.
Officers patrol the communities on foot, motorcycles, scooters, bicycles and cars.
Officers patrol the entire campus on foot, bicycles, and in a marked campus police vehicle.
Officers patrol the grounds on foot and using cars, motorcycles, scooters and bicycles.
Officers pay a 'franchise fee' to corrupt commanders, then team up with crime rings.
Officers perform a puppet show, which teach general safety tips to our school children.
Officers perform duties.
Officers perform patrol activities and other assignments in both uniform and plainclothes.
Officers perform routine patrols of all dorm living areas, classrooms, and office areas on campus.
Officers place a numbered decal on the front of inspected buildings.
Officers place emphasis on upholding discipline and keeping order maintenance.
Officers place police mountain patrol bikes on bike racks attached to squad cars.
Officers plan to go undercover.
Officers plan to intensify enforcement of child passenger safety laws.
Officers plan to revise their constitution and hope to increase membership.
Officers play a big role in our city, state, and country.
Officers point guns.
Officers position their automobiles according to pre-set guidelines and procedures.
Officers position themselves so they can observe restaurants and bars that serve food and beer.
Officers possess expert knowledge.
Officers possess knowledge.
Officers prefer male dogs.
Officers preside over meetings of the senate and the faculty as a whole.
Officers prioritize their runs according to the safety issues involved for humans and animals.
Officers progress through basic marksmanship drills to survival shooting skills.
Officers protect the campus area by motor vehicle, bicycle and foot patrol.
Officers provide bicycle education, prevention and enforcement functions to campus.
Officers provide information through live presentations to students and employees.
Officers provide inspections.
Officers provide parking enforcement and crowd control at special events.
Officers provide personal safety tips geared specifically for the holiday season.
Officers provide police services for athletic, special events and District functions.
Officers provide service and security to all university students, faculty, staff and visitors.
Officers provide the chapter with a source of new energy, ideas and enthusiasm.
Officers provide the foundation of the organization.
Officers provides a listing of our club's current officers.
Officers randomly check cold storage areas.
Officers read books on military history, strategy and leadership.
Officers read newspapers.
Officers receive a cash incentive to stay physically fit based on their individual test score.
Officers receive absolutely no benefit from writing any number of traffic citations.
Officers receive advance training in specialty areas of law enforcement and related fields.
Officers receive an annual uniform allowance.
Officers receive and give training in peacetime and prepare to wage war.
Officers receive eight paid holidays per year.
Officers receive equal training in the use and handling of firearms.
Officers receive excellent vacation and holiday plans, as well as uniforms and equipment.
Officers receive extensive training in the First Amendment.
Officers receive five weeks of training while the other ranks receive four.
Officers receive formal job-related training, including defensive tactics.
Officers receive hands.
Officers receive night shift differential.
Officers receive no remuneration for services.
Officers receive no remuneration for their time and efforts.
Officers receive no reward for service other than the joy of promoting cryptography.
Officers receive notification by letter regarding their selection status.
Officers receive one week loan.
Officers receive the best training possible, even if they have to attend classes out of state.
Officers receive the instruction at both the basic and advanced levels of their training courses.
Officers receive training and also provide youth education as part of the program.
Officers receive training in a number of areas from a variety of sources.
Officers receive training in the use of force.
Officers regularly patrol the streets, parkinglots, and grounds of the campus.
Officers rely on the willingness of citizens to comply with their commands and investigations.
Officers rely on their partners for their lives.
Officers remain in the high schools throughout the day.
Officers remain in their positions for one year terms.
Officers report all secure.
Officers report movement.
Officers represent the student body and are elected to serve one-year terms.
Officers reside in hard billets, while senior NCOs have a choice to stay in either.
Officers respond immediately to incidents of a criminal nature.
Officers respond to a call about a custody dispute.
Officers respond to a report of an assault.
Officers respond to a variety of calls for service and self-initiate activity as appropriate.
Officers respond to a variety of calls for service.
Officers respond to accident scenes as report takers.
Officers respond to all calls for law enforcement.
Officers respond to all incidents, building alarms, injuries, and fires.
Officers respond to calls for assistance received at the communications center.
Officers respond to calls for service on a priority basis.
Officers respond to calls.
Officers respond to citizen requests for service in many capacities.
Officers respond to emergencies and provide traffic control services.
Officers respond to incidents of crime, disturbance or incident on the campus.
Officers respond to incidents.
Officers respond to report of domestic dispute.
Officers respond to requests for assistance and reported incidents.
Officers respond to sides.
Officers respond to the gathering as if alcoholic beverages are being served.
Officers respond, advise party to quiet down.
Officers respond, speak with residents.
Officers responding to a mutual aid call can plan their route and estimate their time of arrival.
Officers responding to bogus home alarms risk be ing diverted from real crime, they say.
Officers return to their forces for three to nine months.
Officers ride on a full time basis requiring a top level of physical fitness.
Officers ride the bikes year round and handle everything from crime suppression to public relations.
Officers rotate between ships and itineraries.
Officers rotate in shifts to provide our neighborhood with continuous service.
Officers rotate throughout the County schools and participation of students is on a volunteer basis.
Officers rotate up through the chairs to provide consistency within the officer teams.
Officers routinely back each other up for safety reasons, especially if another squad is nearby.
Officers routinely check cell blocks around the clock.
Officers routinely patrol the campus by car, bicycle, foot and occasionally by horseback.
Officers routinely respond to the checkpoint for found weapons, drugs, and other hazardous items.
Officers routinely search anyone entering a patrol vehicle.
Officers routinely stop matatus for speeding or having bald tires.
Officers routinely supervise highly skilled staffs and are responsible for sophisticated equipment.
Officers run the firm as a part of the chapter.
Officers say fines are needed to encourage more seat belt use.
Officers say it's money well spent.
Officers say most of the problems they're seeing are with child safety seats.
Officers say residents of the affected neighborhood are especially encouraged to attend.
Officers say that there are advantages to using a golf cart on patrol.
Officers say that's because they feel the pressure of the quota as the month wears on.
Officers say the car was loaded with items allegedly stolen from the house.
Officers say the man is believed to be involved in several other robberies.
Officers say the suspects entered a waiting car.
Officers say the truck plowed into a slow-moving van entering a construction zone.
Officers say they found a weapons cache, ammunition and sketches of the school.
Officers say they found the gun they believe was used in the shooting.
Officers say they have no suspects.
Officers say they only use deadly force when they believe lives are at risk.
Officers say they think the equipment is making it easier for the fugitives to elude police.
Officers say three guests at the resort reported that items had been stolen from their rooms.
Officers say, however, that the real test is yet to come.
Officers search for murderer.
Officers secure premises and start paperwork.
Officers see information and contact other officers.
Officers See our Officers page .
Officers see the logic in nipping nuisance behavior before it escalates.
Officers See who our current club officers are.
Officers seek abusers on the job or at home.
Officers seek sponsors and donations.
Officers seem a lot less approachable when they are in their cars.
Officers seize carcasses from processing plant.
Officers serve a one year term, commencing upon their election.
Officers serve a one year term.
Officers serve a term of one year.
Officers serve a term of two years.
Officers serve a three year term.
Officers serve a two year term.
Officers serve a two-year term.
Officers serve as first responders to medical emergencies and criminal activities.
Officers serve as liasons to their chapters and the entire Greek community.
Officers serve at the pleasure of the board of directors.
Officers serve at the pleasure of the president.
Officers serve calendar year terms.
Officers serve for a one year term.
Officers serve for a one-year term, or until a successor takes office.
Officers serve for a one-year term.
Officers serve for a term of one year on a rotating basis.
Officers serve for a term of one year.
Officers serve for each election during their terms.
Officers serve for one year or until their successors are elected.
Officers serve for one year, board members for two years.
Officers serve for one year.
Officers serve for two years.
Officers serve for two-year terms.
Officers serve in the Traditional roles of counseling.
Officers serve no more than two consecutive terms in one office.
Officers serve on a voluntary basis.
Officers serve one year terms, but can be elected in succession the following year, etc., etc.
Officers serve one-year tenures and board members serve for three years.
Officers serve one-year terms in their respective positions.
Officers serve one-year terms.
Officers serve three-year terms which are staggered for continuity.
Officers serve two year terms with approximately half the positions open each year.
Officers serve two-year terms while execom members are elected or reelected annually.
Officers serve two-year terms.
Officers serve until they choose to leave office or they are ousted through a vote of No Confidence.
Officers serve where they are assigned.
Officers share knowledge and experience with other members.
Officers share responsibility for progression in their assigned career path.
Officers shoot their guns all the time.
Officers shout and are obeyed or ignored.
Officers shown on the cover are the newly elected officers.
Officers sign up for overtime assignments to accommodate for the busy weekend.
Officers sign up for the extra work if they want it and are assigned on a rotating basis.
Officers sit around thinking a lot.
Officers sit in descending order of rank to-ward the end of the table.
Officers soon come and put the men in tighter formation.
Officers speak with witnesses for a report.
Officers stand by to calm down potentially panicky riders and to assist elevator repairmen.
Officers stand out a mile away.
Officers still compete on their individual merits.
Officers still refuse to delegate significant leadership responsibility to junior officers and NCOs.
Officers stop by the homes of out of town members daily.
Officers storm out of the bushes and take the other one in charge.
Officers study graffiti to learn more about Cincinnati gangs.
Officers study the full law school curriculum, including public relations.
Officers submit searches to identify fingerprints and determine who committed a particular crime.
Officers supervise offenders through field visits, phone contact, and electronic monitoring.
Officers supply own uniforms.
Officers survey the buildings to ensure the best possible security system is in place.
Officers swarm the bar, confronting the bartender and calling the owner.
Officers take a unique approach to working with children in the District.
Officers take care of their soldiers and their families.
Officers take charge.
Officers take notes.
Officers take office immediately upon election.
Officers take office on the first day of the new fiscal year and serve for one year.
Officers take on the role of coach to children in after school and summer programs.
Officers take pride.
Officers take roles.
Officers take special classes on the community and their special ties to their families.
Officers take the vehicle to schools for drug-awareness programs.
Officers take their clothes, except for underwear.
Officers talk about it in the station's hallways, on the street and at crime scenes.
Officers talk informally to residents at block parties and cookouts.
Officers talk to the employers monitoring the offenders progress.
Officers talk with men.
Officers target all who are involved in criminal activity and work closely with youth.
Officers testify before grand jury.
Officers then follow up with suspected users and dealers.
Officers then place that evidence in a temporary containment facility.
Officers then sweep through the valley, asking the people to leave.
Officers think the task has been gradually fulfilled.
Officers think they're businessmen.
Officers to assess conditions.
Officers to assess medical conditions.
Officers to investigate crime.
Officers trace tags to determine where the pet belongs.
Officers trace the information on the tags to notify the owner that their pet has been impounded.
Officers trace wall names.
Officers train one day per month on firearms and tactical techniques.
Officers typically make up between an eighth and a fifth of modern armed forces personnel.
Officers typically patrol the buildings and grounds with vehicles, bicycles and on foot.
Officers typically perform a variety of functions within the school.
Officers undergo continuous training and physical reviews.
Officers undergo judgment-training exercises by the use of a training simulator on an annual basis.
Officers understand authority.
Officers understand lawful authority.
Officers understandably fear giving such a group more power over discipline and their careers.
Officers undertake inspections to ascertain accuracy of such statements.
Officers uphold the law just as before.
Officers use a combination of tools and training to observe and identify impaired drivers.
Officers use air-powered guns which simulate the normal reaction and recoil of their duty weapons.
Officers use computers.
Officers use cotton gloves.
Officers use portable data collection devices to document all security checkpoints visited.
Officers use several tools in identifying intoxicated drivers.
Officers use the case processing database when they bring a suspect into custody.
Officers use the range to qualify with their handguns for both on duty and off duty use.
Officers use weapons.
Officers using mobile data terminals have the same access.
Officers using supplies stored in police vehicles are responsible for their immediate replacement.
Officers utilize laptop computers in the field to prepare the written police report.
Officers utilize outdoor ranges for qualifying and run officers though a rigorous course of fire.
Officers utilize semi-marked patrol cars equipped with multiple radar units.
Officers visit workplaces to promote employer and worker awareness of on the job hazards.
Officers volunteer their time for security during the event.
Officers volunteer their time to support their local athletes.
Officers volunteer to spend their own off-duty time with disadvantaged youth.
Officers walk around as if they own the place speakin in harsh tones to the innocent people.
Officers watch confidential informants during drug buys.
Officers wear blue uniforms.
Officers wear the infantry shako and grey trousers with red piping.
Officers wear the peaked cap with a gold cap cord.
Officers wear the vests under their jackets.
Officers wear their uniforms and take their cruisers to control traffic and pedestrians.
Officers work a twelve hour shift with quarterly rotations between day and night shift.
Officers work around the clock and they perform the most vital role of the police department.
Officers work desks.
Officers work flex shifts to address problems.
Officers work for county sheriffs.
Officers work for sheriffs.
Officers work four-hour blocks of time focusing on traffic enforcement.
Officers work from their residences and are reimbursed for rental of office space.
Officers work holidays.
Officers work in agencies.
Officers work in both the academic campus and the medical center.
Officers work in neighborhoods.
Officers work in states.
Officers work long, varied hours, holidays and weekends.
Officers work nights.
Officers work out of satellite offices located within the communities they serve.
Officers work ten hour days on assigned shifts with rotating off days.
Officers work together with residents to determine long term solutions to reoccurring problems.
Officers work various shifts and days of the week.
Officers work weekends.
Officers work with judges to hold the young probationers accountable for their actions.
Officers work with parole officers to track people under supervised release or probation.
Officers work with, rather than against, the public.
Officers write letters.
Officers write tickets.
Officers write up drivers every four minutes, on average.
Officers always place a special emphasis on the enforcement of school zones.
Officers frequently participate in local, regional and national leadership conferences.
Officers often disregard the rule, police files show.
Officers often find that they work with other officers or members in fulfilling their duties.
Officers often neglect taking an overall or medium shot and focus almost exclusively on a close-up.
Officers often report that they can directly influence foreign affairs programs on college campuses.
Officers often spend hours in search of an empty bed for a police mental hold.
Officers often watch bar employees for illegal activity as well.
Officers sometimes transfer to related areas, such as parole officer.
Officers sometimes transfer to related areas, such as probation and parole officer.
Officers sometimes transfer to related areas, such as probation and parole.
Officers sometimes transfer to related areas, such as probation or parole officer.
Officers usually have only one unless they have prior enlisted service.
Officers usually meet before every scheduled club meeting to develop the agenda and work on ideas.
Officers usually patrol alone or with a partner on another bike at any time of the day.
Officers usually respond to emergency calls within two to three minutes.
Officers usually teach no more than four class units per day.
All officer involved in the program are volunteer and receive no compensation.
All officers also provide education to the public to ensure humane treatment for all animals.
All Officers are abseil and shotgun trained prior to attending the course.
All officers are also available by appointment.
All officers are also trustees.
All officers are aware of the guidelines and expectations concerning career planning.
All officers are business, telecommunications and network marketing savvy.
All officers are chosen by the council, except the city controller, who is elected by popular vote.
All officers are committed to eight years of service following commissioning.
All officers are committed to working together toward the stated branch objectives.
All officers are cross-trained and perform both functions.
All officers are currently on administrative leave.
All officers are deaf-blind.
All officers are dues exempt.
All officers are eligible for re-election in the same post.
All officers are eligible for re-election.
All officers are eligible for reelection.
All officers are encouraged to complete a master's degree in a primary or an associated discipline.
All officers are exempt from term limits for the term of their appointment.
All officers are flight attendants and decisions are made by the members.
All officers are from member companies and give their time on a voluntary basis.
All officers are fully-trained security personnel.
All officers are graduates of the state police academy.
All officers are list in order of rank within the colony.
All officers are members of the board of directors.
All officers are on call most hours of the day in the event of an emergency.
All officers are on the officers and general discussion list.
All officers are products of their times and their professional experience.
All officers are responsible for explaining absences prior to unattended meetings.
All Officers are responsible for investigating crimes from beginning to end.
All officers are responsible for patrol duties in addition to their assigned special tasks.
All officers are responsible for the actions of all their brother officers.
All officers are responsible for the training of cadets .
All officers are state certified sworn law enforcement officers.
All officers are subject to being called to the scene of a crime twenty-four hours per day.
All officers are subject to quarterly random drug testing.
All officers are subject to recall by majority vote.
All officers are subject to recall.
All officers are subject to votes of confidence.
All officers are to be selected to serve a one-year term of office.
All officers are to go too, if they can.
All officers are to receive, maintain and pass on a manual of pertinent information for that office.
All officers are uniformed and unarmed.
All officers are volunteers - nobody gets paid for serving.
All officers are volunteers and receive no remuneration for their efforts.
All officers are volunteers.
All Officers Arrest any and all looters.
All Officers Check inside all unoccupied buildings for leaks and damages.
All Officers Check the interior of unmanned buildings for leaks and other damage.
All Officers Continue to patrol the campus.
All officers deserve some respect from the public.
All Officers Finalize resolutions for convention.
All officers get additional training in one or more advanced specialties as a captain.
All officers go through an intense training program at state sponsored police academies.
All officers have a degree in engineering.
All officers have a pistol.
All officers have a term of one academic year.
All officers have a voice mailbox.
All officers have advanced emergency first aid training.
All officers have an equal vote.
All officers have an equal voting weight in any voting situation.
All officers have one vote.
All officers have rooms at the police resident quarters.
All officers have the ability to create flyers and quickly spread the word.
All officers have the authority to delegate duties to other club members as they see fit.
ALL officers have the role as a leader during the games.
All officers have to be college graduates.
All Officers have to go through continual training in order to maintain their POST licenses.
All officers hold office until their successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified.
All officers hold over until their successors are duly elected and qualified.
All officers hold year long positions.
All officers including the audit staff, receive their due share.
All officers look to their rater, senior rater, and mentors for advice and career counseling.
All Officers Meet with incoming council counterparts.
All Officers Meet with unit counterparts to discuss deadlines and job requirements.
All officers participate in leadership decisions and execution.
All officers play an important role.
All officers post and recieve email about club news and activities.
All officers present.
All officers reach the top step after one year.
All officers receive some hand to hand training.
All officers receive three hours of in-service training each month.
All officers serve a one-year term.
All officers serve for a term of one academic year.
All officers serve from the en dof the Academic Year to the end of the following Academic year.
All officers serve in a volunteer capacity.
All officers serve one year terms.
All officers serve their fellow motorcyclists without compensation.
All officers serve until their successors have been duly elected and assume office.
All officers serve voluntarily and without any financial remuneration whatsoever.
All officers serve with no remuneration.
All officers serve without compensation.
All officers share to some degree the risk of death in combat or combat support during time of war.
All officers shoutd have complete copies of all policies and procedures.
All officers sit on the executive committee, which determines the priority of county projects.
All officers stand for reelection at every Annual Membership Meeting.
All officers start setting up site and food.
All officers take office at the close of the Annual Meeting.
All officers undergo continuous training in accordance with college and state guidelines.
All officers undergo initial and on-going certification training.
All officers undergo regular inservice training.
All officers undertake ongoing specialized training in a variety of law enforcement disciplines.
All officers wear uniform.
All officers wear uniforms and patrol in marked cars.
All officers welcome to attend.
All officers work for free, and there are no permanent staff or formal headquarters.
All officers work together to decide on activities for the club to participate in.
All officers write reports and maintain police records.
Any officer can develop and use informants.
Any officer can make a motion or second a motion on the table.
Any officer can, after consulting with all other officers, call an executive council meeting.
Any officer is only eligible for two consecutive terms in one office .
Every officer can make a difference.
Every officer can relate to that.
Every officer commanding a unit can hold a court-martial at any time.
Every officer does.
Every officer goes through it and it is a hassle and a problem.
Every officer has a significant amount of their liquid assets invested in the company.
Every officer has different goals, strengths and weaknesses.
Every officer has some discretion, more in some countries than in others.
Every officer holds a special position of moral trust and responsibility.
Every officer is every inch the gentleman.
Every officer is hungry of money.
Every officer is trained in accident investigation.
Every officer knows it's going to be a lot of work, but it gets the job done.
Every officer knows the feeling of a call for a baby that stopped breathing.
Every officer working cyberspace is one less officer fighting bad guys on a community's streets.
Many officers are bitter that they are being blamed for the riot.
Many officers are instructors in their areas of expertise.
Many officers ask for our address.
Many officers assume that the firearm is the superior weapon.
Many officers attend advanced civil schooling on their own initiative during other than duty hours.
Many officers compete at their own expense, and on their own time.
Many officers courageously show faith in light of no affirmation.
Many officers have budget accountability, but little or no training in personnel matters.
Many officers lack the skills and training to deal effectively with people of other cultures.
Many officers maintain advanced certifications, in addition to instructor certifications.
Many officers note fox squirrels are either increasing or expanding into their areas.
Many officers notice whether a suspect is black or white.
Many officers participate in more than one area.
Many officers receive much more than the minimum.
Many officers say that the city is moving too quickly on the project.
Many officers spend the three hours and much of their own time in the gym.
Many officers use computers when investigating crimes.
Many officers work unarmed, but has access to restraints like handcuffs and leg irons.
More officers are on the streets.
More officers mean more traffic stops.
Most officers achieve power.
Most officers act as detectives.
Most officers announce death.
Most officers are assigned to administrative duties.
Most officers are assigned to duties.
Most officers are detailed either to patrol or to traffic duty.
Most officers are detailed to patrol a designated area to prevent crime.
Most officers are firm, but courteous.
Most officers are in civilian cloth or in officer's uniforms with no insignia.
Most officers are intentionally distant.
Most officers are too smart to get caught up in a major violation right away.
Most officers arrest men.
Most officers arrive at scenes.
Most officers arrive on scenes.
Most officers come to conclusions.
Most officers conduct criminal investigations.
Most officers conduct inspections.
Most officers conduct investigations.
Most officers conduct their duties with integrity and treat the public fairly.
Most officers conduct vessels.
Most officers describe scenes.
Most officers determine activities.
Most officers determine limits.
Most officers establish purposes.
Most officers establish scientific purposes.
Most officers exercise judgment.
Most officers exercise poor judgment.
Most officers fill positions.
Most officers find doors.
Most officers follow procedures.
Most officers gain experience.
Most officers go to homes.
Most officers have assignments.
Most officers have at least one collateral assignment as department training instructors.
Most officers have authority.
Most officers have causes.
Most officers have difficult jobs.
Most officers have direct evidence.
Most officers have duties.
Most officers have e-mail addresses for correspondence over the internet.
Most officers have evidence.
Most officers have eyes.
Most officers have families.
Most officers have general duties.
Most officers have jobs.
Most officers have law enforcement experience or are retired military personnel.
Most officers have probable causes.
Most officers have uniforms.
Most officers have workers.
Most officers hold positions.
Most officers interact with members.
Most officers interview witnesses.
Most officers investigate death.
Most officers involve in decisions.
Most officers issue tickets.
Most officers knock on doors.
Most officers lead activities.
Most officers lead management activities.
Most officers lead such activities.
Most officers lead teams.
Most officers leave houses.
Most officers live in the realm of the law both on the job and at home.
Most officers live off base in an apartment or house.
Most officers live off-base in a house or apartment.
Most officers live off-base in an apartment or house.
Most officers maintain safety.
Most officers move into positions.
Most officers observe individuals.
Most officers perform duties.
Most officers point guns.
Most officers possess expert knowledge.
Most officers possess knowledge.
Most officers provide inspections.
Most officers read newspapers.
Most officers receive hands.
Most officers report movement.
Most officers respond to calls.
Most officers respond to incidents.
Most officers respond to sides.
Most officers say they are never the same following such a shooting.
Most officers see themselves as crime fighters.
Most officers serve two-year terms.
Most officers spend part of one day in court each month.
Most officers start out working the night shift.
Most officers take charge.
Most officers take notes.
Most officers take pride.
Most officers take roles.
Most officers talk with men.
Most officers understand authority.
Most officers understand lawful authority.
Most officers use computers.
Most officers use weapons.
Most officers wait to attend graduate school later in their career.
Most officers wear a ring on both hands.
Most officers work desks.
Most officers work for county sheriffs.
Most officers work for local government.
Most officers work for sheriffs.
Most officers work holidays.
Most officers work in agencies.
Most officers work in neighborhoods.
Most officers work in states.
Most officers work in UK bases or on board ships.
Most officers work in UK bases or on-board ships.
Most officers work nights.
Most officers work weekends.
Most officers write letters.
Most officers write tickets.
Some officers acquire experience.
Some officers act as administrative assistants.
Some officers act as assistants.
Some officers also serve on school improvement teams and student assistance teams.
Some officers also utilize the service, along with a small percentage of retirees and dependents.
Some officers also work for local organized crime figures.
Some officers answer calls.
Some officers answer phone calls.
Some officers are also corrupt.
Some officers are assigned to facilities.
Some officers are men and some are ladies.
Some officers are particularly good working on drug problems.
Some officers are quite friendly, but others are overbearing.
Some officers are.
Plastic bottles offer significant savings in transportation costs.
Plastic bottles take much longer.
Most plastic bottles fill with salt water.
Most plastic bottles fill with water.
Plastic bowls are often too light, and are chewed too easily.
Plastic bowls can harbor odors and grease.
Plastic bowls come in a limited variety of colors, while stainless steel are always silver.
Plastic bowls come in a variety of colors and are lightweight, unbreakable, and economical.
Plastic bowls tend to absorb fat.
Plastic boxes are available at an extra cost.
Plastic boxes have bottoms.
Most plastic boxes have bottoms.
Plastic breeders can cause complication in birth and with circulation of water.
Plastic bristles let it really take a beating and still be usable another time.
Plastic buckets are much easier to use and are cheap.
Plastic buckets tend to become soiled and difficult to clean.
Plastic bullets are also to be used only where there is a threat to life rather than property.
Plastic bullets can be deadly.
Plastic bullets cause horrific injury and are in fact, vicious killers.
Plastic bullets have to be banned from use.
All plastic bullets are lethal weapons.
Plastic button controlling driver seat tilt is broken off.
Most plastic cameos have a different coloration than shell.
Plastic camera photos Photographs taken with a four shooter plastic camera.
Plastic cans are lighter in weight and last a long time.
Plastic canoes are less likely to get damaged than fibreglass ones.
Plastic canvas is a fun craft that is easy to learn and enjoyable to do.
Plastic cap includes in top of the post with adjustable glide in bottom.
Plastic caps are located in cabinets.
Plastic caps come in various styles.
Plastic caps give the feet ends some grab.
Plastic cars have bumpers, deep wells for weights and low friction wheels.
Plastic cards are a great way for end users to identify and distinguish themselves.
Plastic cards are a widespread form of payment, providing a growing alternative to cash and cheques.
Plastic cards can slide against bevel face.
Plastic case contains a UV-B bulb and reflector.
Plastic case has rubber feet that hide chassis screws.
Plastic case is light weight and rust free.
Plastic case is stiff so it can be cracked fairly easy if stored improperly.
Plastic case is wall mountable.
Plastic case provides terminal isolation.
Plastic cases allow the radioactivity to pass through the case and enter the skin.
Plastic casings can also contain toxins in the form of fire retardant chemicals.
Plastic casting is a little known engineering process, similar to metal casting.
Plastic cement is easier to use.
Plastic chains are available in a choice of seven colors.
Plastic chains are cheap and break easily.
Plastic City is a deep and tech-house label based in Germany with offices in London and New York.
Plastic clasp pull apart.
Plastic clay is soft and easily workable.
Most plastic clays shrink appreciably with drying, which tends to produce cracking and warping.
Plastic cleats allow for maximum traction on both natural and artificial surfaces.
Plastic clips are an aid in installation.
Plastic clips are great for fastening opened bags.
Plastic clips are removable, which allows the perch to be cut to the cage length.
Plastic closure serves as a handle.
Plastic coil binding requires punching and inserting equipment.
Plastic components are double-walled, single piece rotationally molded.
Plastic components are durable, strong, lightweight, and require little maintenance.
Plastic components are resistent to ultraviolet lights of the sun.
All plastic components are solid, molded plastic.
Some plastic composites have poor durability.
Plastic condoms have a looser fit.
Plastic connectors are available to fit all sizes and thicknesses of glass block.
Plastic construction is simple to clean.
Plastic construction makes the grey card impervious to water and resistant to bending.
Plastic container contain phthalate esters which interfere with organochlorine determinations.
Plastic containers are affordable, durable, and lightweight.
Plastic containers are best for storing seed.
Plastic containers are best, but they also do well in terra-cotta or glazed clay.
Plastic containers are better than glass jars for shipping samples to the lab.
Plastic containers are convenient but have a tendency to keep the compost too wet at times.
Plastic containers are good because they are lightweight and unbreakable.
Plastic containers are great for all kinds of sorting activities and creative play.
Plastic containers are inexpensive, recyclable and offer excellent syrup-keeping qualities.
Plastic containers are light in weight, which is both an advantage and a disadvantage.
Plastic containers are lightweight and substantially more resistant to breakage than glass.
Plastic containers are located in backpacks.
Plastic containers are located in refrigerators.
Plastic containers are the best for storing breast milk.
Plastic containers can go on lowest shelves for kid play, with pots and pans nearest the stove.
Plastic containers can then be thrown in the trash, the glass bottles go in glass disposal boxes.
Plastic containers cause syrup to darken after only three months of storage.
Plastic containers come in a large variety of sizes and styles.
Plastic containers contaminate environment as well.
Plastic containers have a number on the bottom, in the middle of a small triangle.
Plastic containers maintain a constant moisture level.
Plastic containers make the easiest housing.
Plastic containers replace the traditional earth pit.
Plastic containers take up a lot of space for their relatively low weight.
Plastic containers work best for storing water.
Plastic containers work in the freezer too, but leave room for expansion as it freezes.
All plastic containers are slightly porous and allow a small amount of water vapor to escape.
Every plastic container is marked with the chasing arrows symbol.
Some plastic containers contain water.
Some plastic containers fill with gels.
Some plastic containers float in warm water.
Some plastic containers float in water.
Some plastic containers have scratches.
Some plastic containers hold ml water.
Some plastic containers hold water.
Some plastic containers line with moist paper towels.
Some plastic containers line with moist towels.
Some plastic containers line with paper towels.
Some plastic containers line with towels.
Some plastic containers line with wet paper towels.
Some plastic containers line with wet towels.
Plastic coolers cost less.
Plastic cover is only for shipping protection and can be remove.
Plastic cover protects the drawings.
Plastic crates are more environmentally friendly than corrugated.
Plastic crystals seal themselves.
Plastic culverts bend easily and are subject to ultraviolet degradation.
Plastic cup removes easily for cleaning.
Plastic cups are handy.
Plastic cups fill with liquids.
Plastic cups have several benefits as well, including the visual factor.
Most plastic cups fill with liquids.
Some plastic cups contain leaves.
Plastic cutlery is used for eating fast food, because it can be thrown away.
Plastic cylinders expose grassland to an atmosphere having doubled carbon dioxide.
Plastic debris can snare boat propellers, causing substantial damage to the motor.
Plastic debris hurts more than just the natural landscape.
Plastic debris picks up ocean toxics .
Plastic debris sits like a silent time bomb waiting to kill marine life.
Some plastic debris finds in water.
Plastic deformation is associated with soft, sticky clay and severe drilling disturbance.
Plastic deformation occurs when a stress is applied beyond a material's elastic limit.
Plastic dishes are to be avoided entirely.
Plastic dishes tend to discolor a dog's nose over time.
Plastic dissipation generates heat which causes the material to soften as temperature increases.
Plastic dividers are durable and provide a neat display.
Plastic dome keeps plants warm and moist during propagation.
Plastic domes are inadequate protection against sparks.
Plastic drums dot the yard, some buried and some above ground.
Plastic effects can enable fluxes to increase by an order of magnitude before failure occurs.
Plastic elongation is bad when the integrity or stability of a joint is affected.
Plastic envelopes protect certificates and other documents.
Plastic expertise is needed, as well as specific knowledge about operating conditions.
A plastic explosive is an explosive
Plastic explosive is detonated by rocket fuse.
Plastic extrusion is a typical application where voltage sags can be particularly disruptive.
Plastic eyes create riveting stares.
Some plastic fabrics can look astonishingly like silk.
Plastic face is optional at additional charge.
Plastic face meets food industry requirements.
Plastic factories can pollute the water and air.
Plastic fiber contains chemicals.
Plastic fiber is much less vulnerable than glass or silica fiber.
Most plastic fiber contains chemicals.
A plastic film is a wrapper
Plastic film can enable a farmer to cut, bale, and wrap the hay all in one day.
Plastic film does have some advantages over traditional storage methods.
Plastic film is economical but can easily tear.
Plastic film is formed by either slot casting or blown film extrusion.
Plastic film is rolled on and adheres to the window using a pre-taped top edge.
Plastic film provides medium for printing logo or special message.
Plastic films are easier to make than pure carbon films .
Plastic films are lightweight, safe to handle, chemically stable and extremely versatile.
Plastic films exclude air exchange to roots.
Plastic films prevent weeds, but they also tend to suffocate plant roots.
Plastic finishes are also available.
Plastic fires tend to produce more smoke than flammable liquid fires.
Plastic flange helps keep heavy or large earrings flat to the ear.
Plastic flatware is always available.
Plastic floor is carpeted.
Plastic flow can also cause the annihilation of preexisting craters or change surface roughness.
Plastic flow means that microcracks in the glass become filled in.
Plastic flow occurs below that depth.
Plastic flow occurs when the deformation occurs at no volume change.
Plastic flowers bring no fragrance, and plastic lives bring no relief to a broken world.
Plastic fluids change their viscosity suddenly.
Plastic fluids release their viscosity suddenly.
Plastic feet avoid scratching floor finishes.
Plastic feet prevent slipping on hardwood or tile floors.
Plastic forms are durable in pasture, no stallbound horses.
Plastic fragments appear to form by the mechanical and chemical deterioration of larger items.
Plastic frames are lighter, easier to work with, and self-insulate.
Plastic furniture Look for ribs and bracing moulded into the product for strength.
Plastic garbage is known to kill as many as a million sea creatures a year.
Plastic garbages kill one milion of sea birds a year.
Plastic gears tend to be quieter, and are used by most modern manufacturers.
Plastic gel tends to burn up, especially dark colors.
Plastic glasses are down low for drinks.
Plastic gloves are now available in a variety of sizes.
Plastic gloves are reusable and can be bought at most drugstores.
Plastic gloves assure cleaniness.
Plastic graduates are always a good idea in the junior high classroom.
Plastic guard protects door finish.
Plastic guards are an inexpensive and easy control method.
Plastic guards protect the top rail from little teeth.
Plastic handcuffs are now part of the cockpit equipment.
Plastic handle has no damage and is in good condition.
Plastic handles are available in a variety of colours.
Plastic handles are available in a wide range of colors.
Plastic handles are more resistant to cold as well as to the heat of the dishwasher.
Plastic headbands are easy to wrap with a bias-cut strip of fabric.
Plastic helmets are the most common.
Plastic holder keeps wax and fingers clean.
Plastic holders attach to covers or spines, allow easy identification changes.
Plastic hoods can fit one or two sensors.
Plastic implants can help provide a boner for a partner's pleasure.
Plastic industries serve customers.
Most plastic industries serve customers.
Some plastic industries maintain tests.
Plastic insert protects the screen.
Plastic inserts prevent metal to metal contact and protects finish on stands and booms.
Plastic instrument attaches to stringed handle.
Plastic insulation saves energy.
Most plastic insulation saves energy.
Plastic insulators are easy to use, offer optimum insulation, and are relatively inexpensive.
Plastic jars are better than breakable glass ones.
Plastic jigs are a package deal with color, size, action and presentation equally important.
Plastic joiners work well too and are inexpensive.
Plastic kayaks are lower priced, have the largest selection of models and are known for being tough.
Most plastic kayaks are only one year old.
Plastic kit features engrave panel lines, precise moldings and realistic cockpit.
Plastic kit features highly detailed exterior, realistic cockpit and choice of markings.
Plastic kit features injection-molded parts, civil and military decals, and monofilament rigging.
Plastic kit includes decals for finishing as any of three different aircraft.
Plastic kit includes detailed cockpit, pilot figure, armament, official USAF markings and more.
Plastic kit includes replica bombs, fully detailed engines, and landing gear.
Plastic kit includes USAF markings, assembly required.
Plastic kit requires assembly.
All plastic kit features base and comes with instructions.
All plastic kit includes base.
Plastic kitchenware offers a practical alternative to glass and ceramic dishes.
Plastic knives are still acceptable.
Plastic knives work best to cut graham crackers and creme wafer cookies when they are clean.
A plastic laminate is a laminate
Plastic laminates are laminates.
Plastic laminates can detach or can break to expose sharp points or edges.
Plastic laminates can go over nearly any existing floor except carpet.
Plastic laminates have the advantage here, since they're the thinnest of all.
Plastic lamination can protect instructions.
Plastic latch prevents kids from opening drawers.
Plastic lathe ends hand fatigue of using a metal lathe.
Plastic lens snaps onto any standard round thermostat.
Plastic lenses can dramatically reduce image quality.
Plastic lenses scratch too much, and uncoated glass lenses scratch more than coated ones.
All plastic lenses have factory scratch coating at no extra charge.
Most plastic lenses meet or exceed the specifications of safety glass and are acceptable.
Some plastic lenses are used by patients.
Plastic lenses are light weight and can be molded into comfortable shapes.
Plastic lenses are more shatterproof.
Plastic lenses bend when held tightly by frames.
Plastic lenses block even more of the light.
Plastic letters do an excellent job of corporate identification on a budget.
Plastic letters do an excellent job of corporate identification on a limited budget.
Plastic levers are the lightest.
Plastic lids are garbage.
Plastic lids can cause an entire batch of material to be rejected.
Plastic lids fit over the sealed can.
Plastic lids imitate lily pads.
Plastic lids tend to work well.
Plastic limbs are also available.
Plastic liners are available.
Plastic liners are less expensive and usually last as long as the dishwasher, and are quieter.
Plastic liners contribute to static.
Plastic litter endangers marine animals, which eat it mistakenly as food and become entangled in it.
Plastic loader is horable, it only messes up the feed and breaks off.
Plastic lumber is a fairly new market for old milk jugs.
Plastic lumber is more economical than wood and is comparable to cedar in price.
Plastic lumber is totally impervious to moisture so no sealing is necessary.
Some plastic manufacturers recommend using untreated sisal twine or plastic twine.
Plastic material is melted and extruded through a shape forming die as a ribbon of melted material.
Plastic material is melted and extruded through a shape forming die as a ribbon of melted plastic.
Plastic material is melted and extruded through a shape forming die.
Plastic materials are polymers.
Plastic materials break under sufficient pressure.
Many plastic materials are shear and heat sensitive.
Most plastic materials have limited elasticity.
Some plastic materials absorb light.
Some plastic materials convert heat.
Plastic measures Be careful out there.
Plastic media have significantly more empty space, thus allowing for a greater oxygen transfer.
Plastic mesh covers a frame of wood and galvanized-steel.
Plastic mesh is impractical because no plastic material can withstand the animals' gnawing.
Plastic mesh is sutured into part of the pouch to prevent it from dilating.
Plastic milk crates work great.
Plastic mines are on the bottom row.
Plastic mirrors are available at plastics supply stores and can easily be cut to any size.
Plastic mirrors are expensive, but glass mirrors can be dangerous.
Plastic mirrors are safer than glass and are available at plastics stores.
Plastic model is self insulating.
Plastic models are an inexpensive hobby.
Plastic models are perfect for lifeboat provisioning,and for restricted budgets.
Plastic models come with elegant pouches, some wooden models with hard cases.
Plastic models have no rights.
Plastic modellers are especially welcome.
Plastic modules have many different contact arrangements.
Plastic mold takes too much space.
Plastic money is also a great source of financial pain and suffering.
Plastic monkeys see but never tell.
Plastic mortar contains cementitious materials, aggregate and water.
Plastic moulds are convenient to use and yield excellent results.
Plastic mulch helps maintain heat in the soil and increases the rate of plant growth.
Plastic mulch helps weeds.
Plastic mulch inhibits water and air movement and is detrimental to root growth.
Plastic mulch is a clear plastic film which is placed on the soil surface.
Plastic mulch is less widely used for pumpkin production.
Plastic mulch is one technique that can be used to secure earlier yields.
Plastic mulch is used.
Plastic mulch keeps fruit cleaner.
Plastic mulch reduces potential evaporation, the downward movement of water and weed growth.
Plastic mulch reduces weeds, promotes growth, and blocks pests moving from the soil to the plant.
Plastic mulch tends to warm the soil.
Plastic mulches are also beneficial.
Plastic mulches are easy to use.
Plastic mulches are effective in preventing fruit-soil contact.
Plastic mulches are sheets or rolls of plastic that are laid on the ground around the trees.
Plastic mulches are springtime mulches.
Plastic mulches are usually clear or black.
Plastic mulches increase and maintain soil temperature.
Plastic mulches require special equipment to apply, but require relatively little follow-up work.
Plastic mulches warm the soil and encourage early root production.
Most plastic mulch helps weeds.
Plastic netting is durable, semi-rigid, lightweight and less expensive than wire mesh.
Plastic ones are less conductive than copper but are inert to chemicals.
Plastic ones are very good.
Plastic optics are lightweight .
Plastic optics are versatile .
Plastic optics have a number of advantages over glass.
Plastic packages are recyclable and therefore gained a high level of acceptance by the consumer.
Plastic paddles work well for moving pigs instead of electric prods.
Plastic page covers.
Plastic pallets are rot and corrosion resistant.
Plastic pallets can last ten years and are repairable with spare parts.
Plastic pallets present an even greater hazard.
Plastic part has a medium thickness.
Plastic parts are easier to remove, shortening further processing time.
Plastic parts are polyethylene and polypropylene.
Plastic parts can melt or crack.
Plastic parts dry out or fray when exposed to alcohol based products.
Plastic parts join in seconds with small amounts of liquid solvent cement.
All plastic parts have UV inhibitors for protection against the sun.
Most plastic parts are injection molded, while a few are extruded or dip molded.
Plastic peanuts are ideal, but well-crumpled newspaper is quite effective.
Plastic pellets are the raw material of nearly all plastic fabrication.
Plastic pencils are all they sell nowadays.
Plastic phobia presents a problem for aspiring Latin e-merchants.
Plastic pipe is a widely used material because it is light weight and flexible.
Plastic pipe is amazingly flexible, yet it maintains it's shape over the years.
Plastic pipe is cheap.
Plastic pipe is inserted into the holes and explosives are inserted into the pipes.
Plastic pipe is lighter and less expensive than stainless pipe.
Plastic pipe is punched with an inexpensive tube punch that assures the proper hole size.
Plastic pipe is resistant to damage.
Plastic pipe provides a good example.
Plastic pipe requires granular material.
Plastic pipe solidifies slowly when extruded.
Plastic pipes can melt if excess boiling water is used.
Plastic pipes come in a wide variety with a number of differences.
Plastic pipes contain matter.
Plastic pipes contain particulate matter.
Most plastic pipes contain matter.
Most plastic pipes contain particulate matter.
Plastic plane handle.
Plastic plants are a good option in place of live plants.
Plastic plants are easier to maintain and are preferred by people new to the hobby.
Plastic plants are maintenance free.
Plastic plants are more durable.
Plastic plants are really good, and a place for the animals to hide is nice too.
Plastic plants shine.
Some plastic plants have grow algas.
Plastic plates have a screen printed finish.
Plastic Players Get the lowdown on news, trends, programs and more.
Plastic pollution is a problem.
Plastic pollution remains a problem along the entire coast.
Plastic ponds are available at almost all larger flower and garden centers.
Plastic pool floats.
Plastic pots are easier to clean requiring only a scouring pad.
Plastic pots are easy enough to poke holes through with a sharp object.
Plastic pots are good because they hold moisture longer than any other type of pot.
Plastic pots are good for keeping the moisture in the pot.
Plastic pots are less expensive and readily available in many designs.
Plastic pots are lighter, cheaper, require less watering and are easy to keep clean.
Plastic pots are lightweight, inexpensive, and durable.
Plastic pots are lightweight, strong and flexible.
Plastic pots are utilitarian and inexpensive.
Plastic pots dry out less quickly than clay containers.
Plastic pots have the advantage of durability.
Plastic pots require much less labor in the form of watering.
Plastic pots retain moisture longer.
Some plastic pots contribute to moisture.
Plastic pressure is the primary variable of concern during the pack phase.
Plastic prices cover a broad range.
Plastic prints are ridge impressions left on soft materials like wax, putty, soap, or dust.
Plastic processors fall apart.
Plastic products are expensive to recycle, and the process still involves some very ungreen waste.
Plastic products contain a variety of additives, some of which can be toxic.
Plastic products employ all elements of resource conservation through their entire life cycle.
Plastic production is a very hazardous process.
Plastic production is responsible for tons of toxic emissions and runoff every year.
Plastic pumps are light and corrosion resistant.
Plastic raisers come in different sizes.
Plastic razor Grow a beard.
Plastic reconstruction is necessary after such surgery.
Plastic recorders are far cheaper than wood recorders of comparable quality.
Plastic recycling reduces demand for crude oil and reduces pollution.
Plastic refractories are a special class.
Plastic repair requires training and an investment in some special tools and equipment.
Plastic replacements are available and are recommended instead.
Plastic replacements are available.
Plastic report covers.
All plastic representations have symbolical meanings in ancient and medieval arts.
Plastic resin is applied to the mold and the fabric is spread onto it.
Plastic resin is extremely durable and weather resistant.
Plastic resins have a variety of chemical make-ups.
Plastic resins require far less energy to produce than most alternative materials.
Plastic retainers are commonly available and have greater success when used together with a truss.
Plastic rod is attached to stopper for applying perfume to skin.
Plastic rulers have effects.
Most plastic rulers have effects.
Plastic saddles are also lighter and cheaper than leather ones.
Plastic sandwich boxes contain layers.
Plastic scrapers are cheap and available over the counter or from dentists.
Plastic sealer comes in a tube and looks like toothpaste.
Plastic seats come in many grades and thicknesses.
Plastic sets are readily available from toy stores and educational suppliers.
Plastic shacks provide temporary shelter today.
Plastic sheet is provided for the cabin windows.
Plastic sheet is put on the compost materials and compost tank to maintain the anaerobic conditions.
Plastic sheet is rated according to design wind load, which is expressed in pounds per sq.
Plastic sheets are good only when they are brand new.
Plastic sheets are subject to improper placement and puncturing during concrete placement.
Plastic sheeting covers the hall.
Plastic sheeting covers the hole.
Plastic sheeting is available at several locations in the libraries.
Plastic sheeting is needed for the classroom pond.
Plastic sheeting is never far away, nor are trash cans to collect water.
Plastic sheeting is required under all crates.
Plastic sheeting is wrapped around the pipe and a layer of sand is between the tank and the ground.
Plastic sheeting keeps the water from seeping into the ground.
Plastic sheeting prevents moisture from penetrating bedding.
Plastic sheeting provides a useful complement to locally available materials such as mud bricks.
Plastic sheeting sold for use as a painting drop cloth works well.
Plastic shell holds ankle firmly.
Plastic shells can hide the foam damage.
Plastic shells hide the foam damage.
Plastic shielding is required for protection.
Plastic shoe covers.
Plastic shoeboxes are ideal homes for babies.
Plastic shoeboxes are inexpensive and work well as beetle rearing cages.
Plastic shutters can be highly elastic and therefore return to their optimum shape after bending.
Plastic shutters offer substantial cost savings.
Plastic signs are also available.
Plastic ski skins, plastic belly pan protector.
Plastic skis are light in weight and enhance sidehilling.
Plastic skis are lightweight and designed to enhance sidehilling.
Plastic slates are lighter than metal ones but the hinges tend to have a lower life expectancy.
Plastic sleeves are available for fluorescent tubes to filter ultraviolet light.
Plastic sleeves hold labels for children's names.
Plastic slide is heavy duty engraver's plastic with a beveled edge.
Plastic soda straws for bubble blowing.
Plastic stanchions are available in either white or black.
Plastic stoppers are in the bottom.
Plastic storage bins with a tight fitting lid make ideal worm bins .
Plastic storage crates substitute for dressers.
Plastic storage loses some of the fats, and glass storage loses some of the leukocytes.
Plastic substrates pose sever temperature constraints on the fabrication process.
Plastic surface is a bit rough and panel lines engraving is quite heavy.
Plastic surface is clear, so products require one background and one or more copy colors.
A plastic surgeon is a surgeon
Plastic surgeons are able to reconstruct defects with innovative techniques.
Plastic surgeons are committed to fully informed patient consent.
Plastic surgeons are experts in both facial and body procedures.
Plastic surgeons are humans.
Plastic surgeons are no exception.
Plastic surgeons are our biggest fans, and our patron saints.
Plastic surgeons are surgeons.
Plastic surgeons are understandably unhappy with that idea.
Plastic surgeons are very precise.
Plastic surgeons can do some remarkably good work at removing scars.
Plastic surgeons can do wonderful things.
Plastic surgeons deal with clefts of the lip and palate .
Plastic surgeons fight to help children with cleft lips or other congenital defect or deformities .
Plastic surgeons have access to a wide range of potential treatments.
Plastic surgeons have an increasingly younger and busier clientele.
Plastic surgeons hide the scars in inconspicuous areas.
Plastic surgeons look after most of the hand injuries in Ontario.
Plastic surgeons love it .
Plastic surgeons measure the patient's happiness to judge the outcome of their work.
Plastic surgeons offer a designer vagina .
Plastic surgeons participate in team planning when patients are interested in breast reconstruction.
Plastic surgeons pay up to four times as much for a slightly thicker slice.
Plastic surgeons perform both cosmetic and reconstructive surgery.
Plastic surgeons perform breast reconstruction.
Plastic surgeons perform the breast reconstruction.
Plastic surgeons say the interest never died.
Plastic surgeons treat many injuries, including burns, sun damage to the skin and animal bites.
Plastic surgeons treat multiple skin problems including wounds, skin tumors, and skin resurfacing.
Plastic surgeons try to match skin that has been removed with skin from another area of the body.
Plastic surgeons use facial implants to improve and enhance facial contours.
Plastic surgeons use meticulous techniques and fine sutures to produce a fine line.
Many plastic surgeons have payment plans.
Many plastic surgeons try to lure customers with the hope of looking younger into their office.
Most plastic surgeons recommend minimal activity for the first week following the procedure.
Most plastic surgeons take photographs before and after surgery.
Some plastic surgeons offer free consultations, while other charge a nominal fee.
Some plastic surgeons perform breast augmentation to disguise mild to moderate cases in women.
Some plastic surgeons recommend eyedrops to help relieve any burning or itching.
Some plastic surgeons recommend hyperbaric treatment to hasten healing after the operation.
Some plastic surgeons turn out the same bad work for their entire careers.
Plastic surgery can be a great influence for good, and make a huge difference to people's lives.
Plastic surgery can correct facial traits, such as a protruding tongue.
Plastic surgery can play a very important part relative to massive weight loss.
Plastic surgery can reshape the eyelid area and improve appearance.
Plastic surgery can stimulate changes in people's lives.
Plastic surgery does just that - it gives a new form to the human body.
Plastic surgery does just that-it gives new form to the human body.
Plastic surgery embraces self-enhancement, prejudice, greed, submission, and opportunity.
Plastic surgery encompasses both cosmetic and reconstructive surgery.
Plastic surgery encompasses both cosmetic and reconstructive surgical procedures.
Plastic surgery entails entrusting someone with something important to us- our face or our body.
Plastic surgery gives people a strange unnatural look.
Plastic surgery has many uses today.
Plastic surgery includes aesthetic surgery or cosmetic surgery.
Plastic surgery includes both the reconstructive and aesthetic subspecialties.
Plastic surgery involves a medical procedure to alter one's appearance.
Plastic surgery is a benefit for flight attendants that are dependent.
Plastic surgery is a different pace from intensive care.
Plastic surgery is a huge decision.
Plastic surgery is a large field that includes many reconstructive aspects.
Plastic surgery is a relatively small community.
Plastic surgery is a surgical specialty.
Plastic surgery is a tightening procedure.
Plastic surgery is a way of making women be the women men fantasize about.
Plastic surgery is always an option, too.
Plastic surgery is an important, personal choice.
Plastic surgery is an operation
Plastic surgery is an option to feel good again.
Plastic surgery is an option to remove excess sagging skin.
Plastic surgery is common for the asymmetry and other craniofacial abnormalities.
Plastic surgery is derived from the Greek work Plastikos meaning to mold and form.
Plastic surgery is expensive.
Plastic surgery is necessary to repair a harelip.
Plastic surgery is operations.
Plastic surgery is progressings.
Plastic surgery is so out of the closet.
Plastic surgery is surgery that molds or reconstructs parts of the human body.
Plastic surgery is surgery.
Plastic surgery is the one truly artistic field in the field of surgery.
Plastic surgery is the surgical arm of the field of anti-aging medicine.
Plastic surgery is treated with confidentiality, and the privacy of patients is protected.
Plastic surgery leads to a healthier outlook on life and can be a milestone in one's life.
Plastic surgery leaves a hole in the soul.
Plastic surgery lends itself very well to volunteerism.
Plastic surgery restores and improves function, as well as appearance.
Plastic surgery sucks.
More plastic surgery goes on in New York than anywhere.
Most plastic surgery is done simply because people want to look better.
Plastic sweater boxes have bottoms.
Plastic syringes are inexpensive and take away the guesswork.
Plastic syringes contain latex at the end of the plunger.
All plastic syringes are latex free, contain no rubber, no silicone, and are completely inert.
Plastic tape blocks access to the track where the attack occurred.
Plastic tape is acceptable.
Plastic tape is adequate for fastening the cardboard to the backing, but use it generously.
Plastic tape is wound around the bird's foot.
Plastic thrust washers control fore and aft movement without binding up the suspension.
Plastic ties impregnated with sex pheromone are available commercially.
Plastic tips weaken and fall off with heavy duty use.
Plastic today comes in every color, shape and texture.
Plastic teeth holds sock.
Plastic touchscreen reflects some ambient light.
Plastic toys are only safe for small birds, parakeets and perhaps less active cockatiels.
Plastic toys take more from our children than they give.
Some plastic toys become brittle with age.
Some plastic toys contain zinc.
Some plastic trees are flammable.
Plastic tubs overflow with art supplies.
Plastic tubs work much better.
Plastic tubes make idea hiding places.
Some plastic tubes fill with water.
Plastic tubing is inexpensive at any home center store, in a variety of sizes.
Plastic tubing is used to get the water from the source to the garden.
Plastic tubing is usually difficult to bend at room temperature.
Plastic tubing is usually easy to clean.
Plastic tubing protects the neck.
Plastic tubing replaces the buckets.
Plastic vanes bounce the rear of the arrow far out of alignment.
Plastic vehicles moulded in one piece are preferable.
Plastic veneers are photographs of wood.
Plastic versions are also available.
Plastic versions hold medium loads in drywall and plaster.
Plastic vials are permeable to scintillation fluids.
Plastic wallets are a cheap way of protecting books from the wear and tear of school use.
Plastic ware is great for taking potato or macaroni salad to a picnic, but that's about it.
Plastic ware is on occasion dirty.
Plastic waste is another cause for ill health.
Plastic water bottles fill with water.
Plastic weights allow for multi-tier hanging baskets that are watered uniformly on the same zone.
Plastic wheels are safer.
Plastic wheelbarrows are lighter and easer to push, although metal is tougher.
Plastic wood is a new substitute for wood that is made out of recycled plastic.
Plastic worms are also effective bounced along the bottom.
Plastic worms are by far the most versatile lure there is today.
Plastic worms are extremely effective when drifted, or bottom bounced.
Plastic worms are the most dependable artificial bait for largemouth bass.
Plastic worms are the preferred bait.
Plastic worms look like worms.
Plastic worms take fish all year long and summer is no exception.
Most plastic worms look like worms.
A plastic wrap is a wrapper
Plastic wrap creates an effective barrier between body juices and can be a lot of fun.
Plastic wrap is cheaper and more widely available than dental dams.
Plastic wrap is placed around the fan for winter work.
Plastic wrap is secured tightly with rubber bands.
Plastic wraps are best because they fit more tightly and exclude more air.
Plastic wraps are consumable products.
Plastic wraps are non absorbent.
Plastic wraps are plastic films.
Plastic wraps are wrapping.
Many plastic wraps contain plasticizers, too.
Plastic abounds with such errors.
Plastic absorbes a great deal of the energy.
Plastic absorbs odors.
Plastic affects marine life in two ways, by entanglement or ingestion.
Plastic allows for low maintenance and easy cleaning.
Plastic also warps easily and lets in too much light, which makes it difficult to draw foundation.
Plastic appears to be more suited to late sprays which require a softer growth.
Plastic are cheaper and typically of lower quality than multi element glass lenses.
Plastic are in great demand as they are durable, relatively inexpensive and lightweight.
Plastic backs the fabric, making the panels rigid.
Plastic becomes colorful picture frames.
Plastic becomes debris.
Plastic can accumulate a static electric charge.
Plastic can also pick up aromas that can be transferred to beer.
Plastic can also stick to a finish, damaging it when it is pulled up.
Plastic can be a hiker's best friend, as can powder drinks.
Plastic can be deadly for animals that live in the ocean.
Plastic can be lighter and stronger than steel.
Plastic can burn.
Plastic can crack and break, so always use sharp, fine-tooth saws.
Plastic can crack.
Plastic can get real ugly.
Plastic can jam up in a pet's intestines, and remain invisible to x-rays.
Plastic can leach chemicals into the oil.
Plastic can outgass into the skin cream.
Plastic can sometimes cause discoloration.
Plastic can stick, especially if it gets warm.
Plastic causes entanglement and death for sea animals.
Plastic comes from oil, and the oil industry is no small operation.
Plastic comes from South Korea and Thailand, and chemical materials from Europe.
Plastic contains carbon and, therefore, is a potential source of contamination.
Plastic continues to be fantastic.
Plastic conveys the idea of an ability to take any shape.
Plastic covered cards ideal for the visually impaired.
Plastic covers over every light for consumer safety.
Plastic covers that slip over each iron can prevent scratching.
Plastic covers the frame and prevents rain or condensation from dampening the food.
Plastic crates to store the above-mentioned cooking supplies, books, or acquired junk.
Plastic crates work well too.
Plastic crates, plastic pallets and household appliances.
Plastic cuts off oxygen to the plants and promotes spoilage.
Plastic deserves a special word of caution.
Plastic does offer some benefits over silicon.
Plastic draws moisture which causes mold and rot.
Plastic eliminates the cumbersome problem of washing the bottles.
Plastic feeds it.
Plastic fits film cassette sizes.
Plastic gets hotter than ceramic containers.
Plastic gets little nicks and scratches in it the the soap can stay in.
Plastic handle grip.
Plastic handle with captive adjustment cover provides manual control of the valve.
Plastic handle with carbon blade.
Plastic handle with chrome steel point.
Plastic handle with magnet at bottom.
Plastic has ability.
Plastic has attributes.
Plastic has color.
Plastic has consistent color.
Plastic has density.
Plastic has diameters.
Plastic has good elasticity and high plastic deformation ratio.
Plastic has many attributes, including light weight, corrosion resistance and design flexibility.
Plastic has no such pedigree.
Plastic has outer diameters.
Plastic has to be introduced to the public as a change of way of life.
Plastic has weight.
Plastic helps get past airport security without questions.
Plastic helps to warm up the soil, providing a jump-start for early gardens.
Plastic holds too much moisture and inhibits oxygen exchange, leading to root and trunk rot.
Plastic is a big contributor to landfill waste.
Plastic is a broad catch-all word, that describes a lot of different products.
Plastic is a broad term and includes many types of polymers.
Plastic is a broad term covering a wide range of properties.
Plastic is a class of thermoplastic terpolymers including a range of resins.
Plastic is a difficult material to recycle.
Plastic is a five piece band from Wisconsin.
Plastic is a generic term for so many different materials that it is difficult to answer.
Plastic is a good example of bad spiritual ecology.
Plastic is a good insulator.
Plastic is a great, next-generation idea.
Plastic is a hard-working, inexpensive alternative.
Plastic is a less expensive alternative, but it greatly inhibits air and water flow.
Plastic is a lovely medium to work in.
Plastic is a major part of household waste.
Plastic is a milky white linear polyethylene unless noted otherwise.
Plastic is a modular audio synthesis engine.
Plastic is a new model for news.
Plastic is a new sound of rock-pop that meets old school sounds of new wave music.
Plastic is a petroleum-based product.
Plastic is a polymer, and quite abrasive.
Plastic is a popular and cost-efficient way to collate nails.
Plastic is a popular choice for swing seats used in playground swing sets.
Plastic is a problem.
Plastic is a relatively small percentage.
Plastic is a simulacrum corresponding only approximately to reality.
Plastic is a slashdot for culture.
Plastic is a slightly different story.
Plastic is a solid
Plastic is a strong, light-weight material that is easily molded into almost any shape.
Plastic is a synthetic material based on carbon chemistry.
Plastic is a synthetic material that can be molded when soft and formed into a solid shape.
Plastic is a transport medium for toxic pollutants.
Plastic is a valuable commodity because it is an oil or natural gas-based product.
Plastic is a very hip material in the fashion world.
Plastic is a wondrous substance.
Plastic is all of the above except maybe for lumpy.
Plastic is almost infinitely moldable.
Plastic is alright but never use metal, as it is harmful to their health.
Plastic is also a big problem.
Plastic is also fairly easy to clean, although it sometimes takes a long time to dry.
Plastic is an artificial polymer material usually made conducting by adding impurities.
Plastic is an eco-friendly material.
Plastic is an excellent material for pipes.
Plastic is an excellent vapour barrier.
Plastic is an insulator of electricity.
Plastic is an interesting material to discuss as the students discover that it can be all three.
Plastic is another good material for avoiding it.
Plastic is as smooth as metal.
Plastic is basically useless for lenses because of impurities and because it gets scratched up.
Plastic is by far the most expensive ingredient in the production of disposable diapers.
Plastic is capable of burns.
Plastic is capable of melts.
Plastic is cheap and comes in a myriad of forms.
Plastic is cheaper, but it is very difficult to recycle plastic, and the process causes pollution.
Plastic is clears.
Plastic is created by oil.
Plastic is easier to clean and less porous than wood.
Plastic is easy to scratch.
Plastic is especially dangerous to wild creatures.
Plastic is every bit as artful, just more subtle.
Plastic is everywhere.
Plastic is excellent for durability and a lacquer finish requires more care.
Plastic is extremely uncomfortable to wear because of the inability to shed heat and perspiration.
Plastic is fantastic.
Plastic is great.
Plastic is hazardous for seabirds.
Plastic is heavier, more resistant to damage, harder to repair.
Plastic is highly resistant to normally used photography chemicals.
Plastic is highly toxic because it leeches so many synthetic estrogens.
Plastic is inanimate objects.
Plastic is inexpensive, easy to plant and is slower to dry out.
Plastic is inexpensive, lightweight, easy to clean, and durable.
Plastic is inventions.
Plastic is less expensive and works just as well.
Plastic is less likely to break, more likely to scratch.
Plastic is less porous than wood, making it less likely to harbor bacteria and easier to clean.
Plastic is less porous than wood, making it less likely to harbor bacteria, and easier to clean.
Plastic is lifeless, cold, hard, and slippery.
Plastic is lighter and more resistant to breakage, but more readily scratched.
Plastic is lighter than glass - use it for cups, mixing bowls, even utensils.
Plastic is lighter, less expensive and holds water better than terra cotta.
Plastic is lighter.
Plastic is lightweight but expect the trowel to break easily.
Plastic is lightweight, bulky and inexpensive.
Plastic is lightweight, strong, and it floats.
Plastic is located in cabinets.
Plastic is located in cars.
Plastic is located in cupboards.
Plastic is located in kitchens.
Plastic is located in recycling bins.
Plastic is located in stores.
Plastic is located in trash.
Plastic is made from hydrocarbons found in oil and natural gas.
Plastic is made from petroleum, also known as fossil fuel.
Plastic is made of carbon and hydrogen, while iron ore consists of iron and oxygen.
Plastic is made of carbon.
Plastic is made of petroleum, a non-renewable resource.
Plastic is made of petroleum.
Plastic is materials.
Plastic is more heat retaining than cement.
Plastic is much easier to scrub clean than metal.
Plastic is much softer than glass and needs special treatment.
Plastic is never clean or pucca.
Plastic is nice on paper, but a screw pump that size is impracticle.
Plastic is nice, but plastic can entice.
Plastic is no good because oils dissolve it.
Plastic is no good for the soil because soil needs to breath.
Plastic is no longer such a convenient villain.
Plastic is no longer the only material of choice for bed liners.
Plastic is no substitute for a nice hunk of wood.
Plastic is OK, too.
Plastic is one of th eworst contaminates in our composting efforts.
Plastic is one of the worst types of garbage because many animals mistake it for food.
Plastic is out.
Plastic is placed over the bed once the seeds are wewn.
Plastic is porous.
Plastic is power.
Plastic is probably the most common material coated.
Plastic is relatively light in weight compared with glass, for instance.
Plastic is removed after the threat of frost is over.
Plastic is shredded and then granulated for resale to molders.
Plastic is silicone-free and slides down the barrel easier than rubber.
Plastic is solid objects.
Plastic is solids.
Plastic is sometimes porous.
Plastic is the best material for pots.
Plastic is the best.
Plastic is the component material of chief value.
Plastic is the least impact resistant of the lens materials offered.
Plastic is the material of the molecular age.
Plastic is the most abundant solid waste product washed up on beaches.
Plastic is the most frustrating.
Plastic is the only inorganic mulch used in vegetable gardens.
Plastic is the payment choice of now and certainly the future .
Plastic is the place to find the Web's best news, opinions, rumors and humor.
Plastic is the type of garbage most often found on shores.
Plastic is thinner, lighter, and more breakage-resistant.
Plastic is tough.
Plastic is used for cover boats.
Plastic is used for cups.
Plastic is used for makes.
Plastic is used for toys.
Plastic is very difficult to recycle.
Plastic is very harmful for marine life.
Plastic is very harmful to the environment .
Plastic is very productive.
Plastic is very soft as compared to other aircraft structural materials.
Plastic is white and writing remains legible despite the action of weather, water or fertilizer.
Plastic is, however, used for expensive, stiff-soled, insulated mountaineering boots.
Plastic isa matter.
Plastic just makes things look so professional, covering up a sad soldering job.
Plastic leeches out the tea, depending on the type used.
Plastic negatively affects wildlife in a number of ways.
Plastic never dies.
Plastic never goes away.
Plastic offers a number of important benefits over traditional packaging materials.
Plastic offers many advantages for modern electronic systems.
Plastic offers more freedom and opportunity to meet customers' needs.
Plastic offers the best resistance.
Plastic pays for everything from a quick breakfast to a new car.
Plastic poses one of the greatest and longlasting threats to wildlife.
Plastic produces a dull thud, while glass gives a high-pitched clink.
Plastic protects the PC from dust.
Plastic provides containment for leaking batteries.
Plastic reaps a grim harvest in the oceans of the world.
Plastic reinforces the thumb of the glove to prevent a player from getting a broken thumb.
Plastic remains in operation.
Plastic remains in our ecosystem for years harming thousands of sea creatures everyday.
Plastic remains over the rest of the hay to help keep it dry.
Plastic requires the most attention.
Plastic retains properties.
Plastic seems a bit harder.
Plastic seems just far enough off center to be worth the trip.
Plastic seems particularly promising for monitors.
Plastic solves wireless shelf-labeling problem.
Plastic sours the soil.
Plastic still contains most of the energy in the natural gas from which it was manufactured.
Plastic survives the year.
Plastic tends to absorb odors more readily than aluminum or other metals.
Plastic tends to retain some of the cleaning agents and disinfectants.
Plastic tends to support the growth of a bacterial scum along the bottom and sides of the container.
Plastic travels along the sprue to get to the mold.
Plastic turns out very nice.
Plastic uses the Slashdot model for non-geek subject matter.
Plastics also can be a floating menace to navigation.
Plastics also handle a broader range of applications than does glass.
Plastics also maintain air bubbles and prevent turtles diving successfully for their food.
Plastics appear good quality.
Plastics are a fact of our lives, from milk jugs to bulletproof vests and space shuttles.
Plastics are a major source of dioxins, perhaps the major source.
Plastics are a rapidly growing segment of the nation's municipal solid waste stream.
Plastics are a type of polymer.
Plastics are a very visible part of our environmental litter on beaches, roadsides, and hedgerows.
Plastics are all right.
Plastics are also acceptable.
Plastics are also available in sheet, plate, rod, and tubing form.
Plastics are also valuable.
Plastics are chemically unstable and trap moisture, allowing mold and mildew to grow.
Plastics are cool stuff.
Plastics are corrosion resistant, and generally waterproof.
Plastics are difficult to analyze because of their inertness and resistance to dissolution.
Plastics are eaten by many organisms and can cause mechanical injury, strangulation, or starvation.
Plastics are entirely different.
Plastics are everywhere.
Plastics are excellent shields for beta emitters.
Plastics are fine as long as they are protected.
Plastics Are Forever.
Plastics are generally quite robust.
Plastics are good heat and electrical insulators.
Plastics are hydrocarbon products made from crude oil.
Plastics are in trouble in Latin America.
Plastics are inexpensive to produce are versatile.
Plastics are infinitely variable, especially where they have been used in composite materials.
Plastics are inherently recyclable because they can be melted again and reformed.
Plastics are insulators .
Plastics are insulators.
Plastics are involved with talc as well.
Plastics are lighter and tend to transmit more light than glass.
Plastics are lighter than many alternative materials.
Plastics are long-chain compounds or polymers derived from petroleum.
Plastics are made from carbon polymers.
Plastics are made from oil .
Plastics are man made materials, modern, synthetic.
Plastics are more individual in their surface preparation requirements.
Plastics are neve talked about for such applications.
Plastics are of two types.
Plastics are one of the safest materials to use in direct contact with photographs.
Plastics are one type of polymer.
Plastics are organic polymers that have been molded or shaped into different forms.
Plastics are persistent, accumulative pollutants.
Plastics are polymers .
Plastics are polymers, long chainlike molecules composed of simpler units known as monomers.
Plastics are polymers, molecules that repeat their structure regularly in long chains.
Plastics are polymers, that is long chain molecules, made from smaller molecules called monomers.
Plastics are polymers, which are chemical compounds.
Plastics are polymers.
Plastics are really the final product .
Plastics are really the final product.
Plastics are relatively new materials of construction.
Plastics are renewable resources, the same as glass, aluminum and paper.
Plastics are safe when they are used correctly.
Plastics are shatterproof, reducing the risk of injury and breakage.
Plastics are sometimes mostly natural , and other kinds are manufactured .
Plastics are sometimes mostly natural, and other kinds are manufactured.
Plastics are still in the growth stage.
Plastics are strong.
Plastics are synthetic materials consisting of molecules called polymers.
Plastics are synthetic materials made from oil and natural gas.
Plastics are synthetic materials that can be shaped in almost any form.
Plastics are synthetic polymers which are pliable, lightweight, and cheap to make.
Plastics are synthetic substances produced by chemical reactions.
Plastics are the cause of dioxins and other toxic poisons and, in many cases, are unnece ssary.
Plastics are the most common inorganic mulches.
Plastics are too light and heterogeneous, while mixed paper contains too many contaminants.
Plastics are transported and converge in the ocean where currents meet.
Plastics are useful and important amorphous solids.
Plastics are variable.
Plastics bear heavy costs to the environment.
Plastics biodegrade at highly variable rates.
Plastics bring tremendous advantages to major appliances.
Plastics Build a plastic box or building.
Plastics can also affect human health.
Plastics can also entangle ship s propellers, causing economic damage.
Plastics can be both thermal and electrical insulators.
Plastics can be rigid when protection is needed, or flexible for convenience's sake.
Plastics can be rigid, when protection is the main requirement.
Plastics can be stronger, lighter, cheaper and easier to cut than glass.
Plastics can be stronger, lighter, cheaper, and easier to cut than glass.
Plastics can be very resistant to chemicals.
Plastics can bestronger, lighter, cheaper, and easier to cut than glass.
Plastics can entangle marine animals, potentially drowning or otherwise harming the animals.
Plastics can foul props or engine intakes and cause expensive repairs.
Plastics can harm wildlife, especially aquatic animals.
Plastics can make life comfortable and colourful - but plastics also pose dangers.
Plastics can withstand high voltages and high temperatures without degradation.
Plastics come in many shapes and sizes.
Plastics come in two parts.
Plastics comprise a family of materials.
Plastics consumption there is the highest on a per capita basis.
Plastics contain harmful chemicals that are breathed in or absorbed through the skin.
Plastics contribute to resource conservation from production through end use and disposal.
Plastics degrade with prolonged exposure to ultraviolet light.
Plastics deteriorate but never decompose completely, but neither does glass, paper, or aluminum.
Plastics die cutting, signage to custom order.
Plastics do generate static field when there is friction.
Plastics engraving requires no special talent or extensive training.
Plastics especially are dangerous to our aquatic life.
Plastics generally show excellent performance under abrasive conditions.
Plastics generate non-biodegradable waste, creating major waste disposal problems.
Plastics grow brittle with time, and that has to be a real concern with plastics used outdoors.
Plastics have a relatively high value per pound, but are bulky and difficult to handle.
Plastics have a variety of chemical properties.
Plastics have contaminants that are released when heated.
Plastics have very good dampening properties.
Plastics help keep children out of harm's way in a variety of situations.
Plastics help make packaging more efficient, thereby conserving resources.
Plastics help make portable phones and computers that really are portable.
Plastics ignite at a low temperature and can burn quickly.
Plastics improve performance.
Plastics is also a chemical compound.
Plastics is just too complex to break down very far.
Plastics is our specific area of expertise.
Plastics last indefinitely in the environment.
Plastics look as uncrystalline as it is possible to be and hence the difficulty.
Plastics look unsightly.
Plastics Make It Possible.
Plastics make packaging more efficient, which ultimately conserves resources.
Plastics make up almost one tenth of garbage weight and nearly one fifth of volume.
Plastics make up most of the debris collected during beach cleanups.
Plastics permit molding complex parts in quantities small or large, as needed.
Plastics play a BIG role in our everyday lives.
Plastics play a key role in mixing, cooking, packaging and transportion of all types of food.
Plastics protect products from dirt, dust and contamination and keep foods fresher for longer.
Plastics readily fly and float, and decompose very slowly.
Plastics remain the chief stumbling block, although progress is being made on that front.
Plastics require special reagents for deydration and clearing that are expensive.
Plastics resist push enough to be sturdy solids.
Plastics shed water and create wasteful runoff.
Plastics take forever to decompose in our landfills.
Plastics tend to degrade easily on higher elevations.
Plastics tend tobecome brittle and degrade in sunlight, while organic materials graduallydecompose.
Plastics vary immensely in heat tolerance, hardness, and resiliency.
Plastics when moved are worst and most common static generators.
Plastic sometimes does.
Plastics usually provide good shielding.
All plastic is removed for the summer.
All plastics are at least somewhat polymerized.
All plastics come from petroleum and natural gas.
All plastics release some undetectable fumes, especially when heated.
Many plastics are blended with additives as they are processed into finished products.
Many plastics are fuels.
Many plastics are harmful to documents of all types.
Many plastics can give off toxins when heated.
Many plastics float in water, others sink only slowly when submerged.
Many plastics give off toxins such as methyl chloride, a carcinogen which can leach into the water.
Many plastics give off toxins when heated.
Many plastics pose a fire hazard.
Many plastics take several decades to decompose.
Most plastic becomes debris.
Most plastic has ability.
Most plastic has attributes.
Most plastic has color.
Most plastic has consistent color.
Most plastic has density.
Most plastic has diameters.
Most plastic has outer diameters.
Most plastic has weight.
Most plastic is made of petroleum oil.
Most plastics act as thermal insulators rather than heat sinks.
Most plastics are insulators.
Most plastics are non-porous and easily contain both liquids and gasses when tightly closed.
Most plastics are polymers, substances whose molecules repeat their structure regularly.
Most plastics are produced from petrochemicals .
Most plastics are recyclable, but few communities now have plastic-recycling programs.
Most plastics are recyclable.
Most plastics contain organic polymers.
Most plastics contain other organic or inorganic compounds blended in.
Most plastics contain the chemicals phenol and formaldehyde.
Most plastics contain waxy plasticisers which provide flexibility.
Most plastics deteriorate in full sunlight, but never decompose completely when buried in landfills.
Most plastics require regrinding or repolymerization, and that takes substantial investment.
Most plastics used for containers and packaging are optically active.
Most plastics used for electronic enclosures withstand static voltages without arcing through.
Some plastic becomes flexible materials.
Some plastic becomes materials.
Some plastic causes death.
Some plastic causes injuries.
Some plastic causes problems.
Some plastic causes serious health injuries.
Some plastic causes serious injuries.
Some plastic conducts electricity.
Some plastic contains carcinogen.
Some plastic fills with seawater.
Some plastic has carbon.
Some plastic has temperature.
Some plastic holds air.
Some plastic is accepted in many recycling programs.
Some plastic is more sensitive to paint than others.
Some plastic serves as devices.
Some plastic serves as float devices.
Some plastic serves multiple purposes.
Some plastic serves purposes.
Some plastics also have higher solar transmittance than glass.
Some plastics alsohave higher solar transmittance than glass.
Some plastics are biodegradable.
Some plastics are hard and transparent with properties similar to glass.
Some plastics are heat sensitive and have a tendency to melt and fray when cut.
Some plastics are highly flammable.
Some plastics are stretched in processing to hold their shape, such as soft drink bottles.
Some plastics become brittle with age and are incompatible with gasoline.
Some plastics can be a possible solution for the first problem.
Some plastics can make water taste bad.
Some plastics can work, some are dangerous because they react with vinegar.
Some plastics contain a carbon based pigment for UV protection.
Some plastics contain carbolic acid.
Some plastics contain chemicals that can leak into foods and interfere with our body's hormones.
Some plastics create static electricity with gasoline.
Some plastics even require radiation in order to create the kind of polymer that is desired.
Some plastics even transmit solar energy more effectively than glass.
Some plastics go brittle and crack readily when exposed to the weather.
Some plastics have a lower tensile strength than a paper of the same tear strength.
Some plastics have higher solar transmittance than glass.
Some plastics have markets for recycling.
Some plastics hold bacteria so choose wisely.
Some plastics require special paint.
Some plastics stretch and are very flexible.
A plasticiser is a softener
Plasticisers are usually organic compounds themselves, such as the phthalates.
Plasticity index is the difference between the plastic and liquid limits.
Plasticity affects the set and the performers.
Plasticity happens when neurons are stimulated by events or information.
Plasticity involves an intricate interaction of endogenous and exogenous factors.
Plasticity is a normal aspect of the brain that allows it to adjust to inputs.
Plasticity is a physical property
Plasticity is a well-known phenomenon.
Plasticity is also the basis for a promising new therapy for stroke.
Plasticity is defined as the capacity of the nervous system to change.
Plasticity is increased by moisture and lowered again on drying out.
Plasticity is represented by a block resting on a base with friction between the two surfaces.
Plasticity is the essential feature of clay that makes pottery production possible.
Plasticity is the opposite of elasticity.
Plasticity is ubiquitous, although it varies widely in magnitude, as well as in direction.
Plasticity is, in turn, controlled by the work hardening of the material.
Plasticity just means how easily something can change shape.
Plasticity means that topographic structures depend dynamically on sensory experience.
Plasticity occurs when neurons are stimulated by events, or information, from the environment.
Plasticity occurs when the stress goes beyond yield strength on the stress-strain curve for plastic.
Plasticity refers to the brain's capacity for modification.
Plasticity refers to the pliability of modeling clay.
Plasticity varies with water content.
A plasticizer is a softener
Plasticizers alter properties of a polymer by altering the structure of the polymer.
Plasticizers are compounds added in the manufacture of vinyl to impart softness and flexibility.
Plasticizers are ester.
Plasticizers are organic compounds which give flexibility and malleability to plastic.
Plasticizers are softeners.
Plasticizers are traditionally oils which add flexibility to the film to keep it from breaking.
Plasticizers are usually small organic molecules.
Plasticizers can be pure lard or tallow and emulsifiers are also often made from animal fats.
Plasticizers comprise over half of the weight of some flexible vinyl products.
Plasticizers help to wet the surfaces, enabling the mix to use less water.
Plasticizers increase flexibility and reduce most strength properties.
Plasticizers make plastic flexible.
Plasticizers make up the largest class of polymer additives.
Plasticizers remain liquid, and evaporate with the heat of the sun.
Plastics people have a wealth of opportunity just looking for new ways to use plastics.
Plastics pollution has a direct and deadly effect on wildlife.
A plastid is a granule
Plastid isa grain.
Plastids are a class of organelles that includes chloroplasts.
Plastids are another distinct feature of plant cells.
Plastids are chambers found in plant cells.
Plastids are core components of photosynthesis in plants and algae.
Plastids are found only in plants and protists.
Plastids are granules.
Plastids are membrane bound organelles in the cytoplasm.
Plastids are multicopy organelles, and their genomes are present in multiple copies per plastid.
Plastids are one of the many different types of organelles in the cell.
Plastids are organelles.
Plastids are the most characteristic organelles of plants.
Plastids are the photosynthetic organelles of plants and algae.
Plastids are the place where photosynthesis occurs.
Plastids are the site of manufacture and storage of important chemical compounds used by the cell.
Plastids are thought to have originated from endosymbiotic cyanobacteria .
Plastids are thought to have originated from endosymbiotic cyanobacteria.
Plastids contain green color matter.
Plastids contain matter.
Plastids form small colorless bodies called proplastids.
Plastids have an additional internal membrane system, the thylakoid system.
Plastids have distinct and specialized metabolisms and structures.
Plastids have their own circular DNA that replicates and is similar to present day procaryotes.
Plastids have their own system for signalling of genetic information and gene expression.
Plastids have thylakoid membranes in groups of three.
Plastids manufacture food through photosynthesis.
Plastids typically possess a girdle lamella and a periplastidal endoplasmic reticulum.
Most plastids contain green color matter.
Most plastids contain matter.
Some plastids contain chlorophyll.
Some plastids contain green chlorophyll.
Some plastids contain green pigment chlorophyll.
Some plastids contain pigment chlorophyll.
Some plastids provide additional information.
Some plastids provide information.
Some plastids trap solar energy.
Plastinated organs are nontoxic, extremely durable, dry to the touch, and have no smell.
Plastinated specimens are perfect for teaching, particularly for neuroanatomy.
A plastination is preservation
Plastination has many benefits.
Plastination is a process of silicone, polyester or epoxy impregnation of tissues.
Plastination is primarily the work of a highly skilled craftsman.
Plastinations are preservation.
A plastique is an explosive
Plastique is answer.
Plastral color is very light, either white, cream or yellowish.
Plastral pattern is well developed.
A plastron is a pad
Plastrons are mostly pale yellow.
Plastrons typically run along the body surface, continuous with the spiracles.
A plat is a map
Plat shows concept for park expansion.
Plats are maps.
Plats are to be microfilmed monthly.
Plats have direct links.
Plats show graphic representation of information contained in the field notes.
Plate armor is a shell
Plate armor is extremely expensive.
Plate armor is made out of loosely connected plates.
Plate boundaries are sites of much seismic activity and British Columbia is no exception.
Plate boundaries can be either divergent or convergent .
Plate counts show that both bacterial and fungal numbers increased as the column operated.
Plate girders function in the same way a tree does when it falls across a stream.
Plate girders rely on metal floor beams to do the same.
Plate girders span the roof but are supported by interior columns.
Plate glass is an artifact
Plate glass is automotive products.
Plate glass is available in three grades, also based on optical properties.
Plate glass is fairly inexpensive.
Plate glass is glass.
Plate glass is heavy.
Plate glass is sheets.
Plate glass is so expensive.
Plate lunches taste more homemade than institutional.
Plate movement causes the buildup of tremendous quantities of energy in the rock.
Plate movements cause earthquakes and volcanic activity.
Plate number is clear, but it does have surface rust.
Plate numbers appear on bottom of pages in a music score.
Plate numbers stay visible.
Plate theory assumes that equilibration is rapid compared with mobile phase flow.
Plate theory makes several assumptions that are proven incorrect by experimentation.
Plate voltage is removed from the mixer and the first voltage amplifier while receiving.
Plate waste is food served to people in restaurants that later is discarded.
A plate is a base
Plate believe Ghost within father among either fat sluts hence punish off any control.
Plate comes with matching stand and gift box.
Plate counts counting the number of bacterial or fungal colonies that grow from a soil sample.
Plate die are the easiest to construct.
Plate engages Doll over despair within that atlanta falcons hat however bet to no proof.
Plate enter on any story before destroy michael keaton movie.
Plate features a huge set of bones on the back of it.
Plate features a raised butterfly and a trio of red cherries with leaves.
Plate grooves throughout.
Plate has a gold painted rim and is in mint condition.
Plate has edge flake which appears to only go as deep as the porcelain.
Plate has incredible crisp detail.
Plate has minimal scratching on the center because it was used as a liner for the bowl.
Plate has some light, scattered spotting.
Plate highlights some of the career milestones of the most remarkable athlete of all time.
Plate is approx.
Plate is broken in four parts.
Plate is crazed but without chips, cracks or discoloration.
Plate is extremely hard to make and much more expensive than chain.
Plate is finished with stain and random imperfections to give the look of rustic ancient pottery.
Plate is from the upper right.
Plate is heavy restaurant grade and in very nice condition.
Plate is in excellent condition with no chips or cracks.
Plate is in excellent condition.
Plate is in very nice condition with minor wear to the paint on the palm tree trunk.
Plate is known from several lines of evidence.
Plate is made of the tough, engineering plastic acetal.
Plate is octagonal in shape.
Plate is paneled and scrolls are printed around the edges.
Plate is rusted on all four sides, but otherwise straight.
Plate is shiney where it used to be.
Plate is the library plate which the pattern resolves to.
Plate is used in the sense of so-called family plate.
Plate is welded to inside of frame rail.
Plate is white on dark blue, the date tab is black on red.
Plate isa tableware.
Plate lunches to die for.
Plate making experience is helpful.
Plate melt underneath the spider man chapter one.
Plate requires the completion and approval of the application form .
Plate rests on Bible stand.
Plate rests on the retaining ledge of bottom section and has a centre hole for easy removal.
Plate shown is reduced in size.
Plate shows the known combat field of fire and the anticipated practice firing impact area.
Plate tends to be thin and often fragile in recesses if aspect ratio is very high.
Plates also have two letters followed by four numbers.
Plates also make the Ideal Vanity Gift.
Plates are a bit bumpy.
Plates are all in perfect condition.
Plates are also available in red, blue, yellow and natural.
Plates are anodes.
Plates are available at any government printing office, local commercial printer or newspaper.
Plates are available for both passenger and recreational vehicles.
Plates are available for dining in or orders to go.
Plates are available for passenger vehicles, motor homes, noncommercial vans, and pick-up trucks.
Plates are available in gold with black imprinting.
Plates are available now.
Plates are available to individuals owning a qualified motor vehicle registered in Ohio.
Plates are available to Maryland residents only.
Plates are available with clips are noted in the description portion of each plate individually .
Plates are back.
Plates are black anodized - weights indicated below.
Plates are charge d separately for bag imprint and coupon imprint .
Plates are cheaper than stones, readily available and easier to transport.
Plates are completely sterile and ready to use.
Plates are crust.
Plates are cuts of beef.
Plates are dishs.
Plates are either positive or negative, depending on the active material they hold.
Plates are entrees.
Plates are flat surfaces.
Plates are flat.
Plates are for decorative purposes only.
Plates are full and store windows are glittering.
Plates are good.
Plates are huge and decorated like artwork with dips and dots of wildly colored sauces.
Plates are identical to regular vanity plate.
Plates are illustrations.
Plates are in good condition with a little rust and wear and tear.
Plates are large, round, simple.
Plates are light weight, durable, and inexpensive.
Plates are located in cabinets.
Plates are located in cafeterias.
Plates are located in cupboards.
Plates are located in dishwashers.
Plates are located in flea markets.
Plates are located in hutchs.
Plates are located in kitchens.
Plates are located in restaurants.
Plates are located in shelfs.
Plates are located in sinks.
Plates are located in stomachs.
Plates are located in tables.
Plates are made of ceramic.
Plates are made of glass.
Plates are made of materials.
Plates are made of permeable materials.
Plates are more likely to be cleaned off if small portions of food are offered each time.
Plates are now available only with numerical combinations.
Plates are now full and nods of approval assures the family that both taste and tradition continue.
Plates are of works done by subjects.
Plates are on the salad bar and at the various stations.
Plates are part of structures.
Plates are part of tubes.
Plates are receptacles.
Plates are rigid crustal blocks that move over semi-molten mantle material.
Plates are same as copy.
Plates are sheets of aluminum coated with an ultraviolet light-sensitive emulsion.
Plates are sheets.
Plates are shields.
Plates are similarly in orbit but are a pair of huge plates.
Plates are simultaneously imaged and then wiped down to remove the loosened silicone.
Plates are sometimes so big they barely fit on snug restaurant tables.
Plates are structural members.
Plates are structures.
Plates are thru hardened when appropriate.
Plates are too heavy for the instructors to carry, and the mail is unpredictable.
Plates are traditional wooden platters covered with banana leaf.
Plates are transferable to surviving spouse.
Plates are used for decoration.
Plates are used for holdings.
Plates are used for medical devices.
Plates are used for serve food.
Plates are useful for putting house plants on, or for piling bagels upon when friends come over.
Plates are usually very pretty.
Plates begin to appear in stacks.
Plates can also collide.
Plates can be either prepunched or unpunched.
Plates can be made out of any number of materials, they can be ceramic, glass or sterling.
Plates can be metal, ceramic, glass.
Plates can be photographically or digitally stacked to achieve greater depth.
Plates can be ready for printing within minutes of receiving a customers artwork.
Plates can move apart, come together, or slide past each other.
Plates can move over the molten rock of the asthenosphere.
Plates can really do.
Plates clink, and steam rises from soup bowls.
Plates collide and form large mountain chains.
Plates come in sandstone, light blue and light green.
Plates come with a choice of two sides.
Plates come with double sided tape on the back.
Plates come with poi or rice, chili pepper water, fresh Maui Island onions and haupia.
Plates commemorating an important or historical event are also timeless.
Plates comprise almost half of each volume.
Plates consist of fajita, rice, beans, and roll.
Plates contain compounds.
Plates contain salt.
Plates contain uranium salt.
Plates cover entire range of history and many nationalities.
Plates cover the whole sky in different filters.
Plates covering the mouth membrane bear small, club shaped spines as well as pedicellariae.
Plates crash together at convergence zones .
Plates creates a selective environment for their growth.
Plates Cut out paper art images.
Plates descend into the mantle below trenches in regions termed subduction zones.
Plates diverge from one another at the site of thermally buoyant mid-oceanic ridges.
Plates do require occasional readustments.
Plates exhibit shear locking and shells show both shear and membrane locking.
Plates form circles.
Plates form from molten rock which wells up to the earth's surface at divergent plate boundaries .
Plates form volcanoes.
Plates have (part) sections.
Plates have a protective film for shipping.
Plates have boundaries, but continents have margins.
Plates have dimensions.
Plates have indentation where cup sits.
Plates have middles.
Plates have original tissue guards.
Plates have three types of boundary.
Plates have tissues protecting each plate.
Plates illustrate basic costume forms.
Plates illustrate the most important artifacts.
Plates install between axle and leaf spring.
Plates interact along plate boundaries.
Plates issuing forth from the kitchen are artistic too.
Plates just slide past each other.
Plates listed are both 'in use' or unmanufactured.
Plates measure aprox.
Plates move along the top of the convection cell parallel to the direction of radial flow.
Plates move apart.
Plates move around.
Plates move as a result of convection currents in the mantel.
Plates move at rate of a few centimeters per year.
Plates move away from oceanic ridge and descend beneath a trench at the subduction zone.
Plates move away from, toward, or slide past one another.
Plates move horizontially past each other along A. transform faults.
Plates move over hot spots creating a chain of volcanoes.
Plates move over the soft asthenosphere.
Plates move towards, away from, or slide past each other.
Plates only require about four turns and they're locked on tight.
Plates overflow and the staff is friendly and helpful.
Plates overflow with fresh fruits, delectable pastries, fresh-squeezed juices.
Plates Plate tectonic theory tries to account for the movement of plates over time.
Plates pull apart and basaltic magma moves up to fill the voids.
Plates pull apart from one another along rift zones.
Plates reflect light.
Plates remain with the owner and are transferable.
Plates remain with the owner and can be transferred to replacement vehicles of the same type.
Plates remain with the owner.
Plates remain with the vehicle.
Plates represent the brain of each age in sagittal and coronal planes.
Plates rub together and they rub apart from each other.
Plates show light house apparatus including a horse-drawn light.
Plates sit on tables.
Plates slide past each other all the time, but sometimes they jam together.
Plates slide past each other.
Plates slide past one another at transform plate boundaries .
Plates slide past, collide with, and dive beneath one another.
Plates slide past, collide with, and subduct beneath one another.
Plates stay with the vehicle.
Plates tend to break if dropped onto the floor.
Plates typically contain both oceanic and continental lithosphere.
Plates use for food.
Plates used for offset lithography are photosensitive.
All plates are easily replaceable.
All plates are from the same printing.
All plates are heliogravures and have a vellum overlay sheets with maps and annotations in pencil.
All plates are in excellent condition.
All plates are quality controlled and assigned a grade.
All plates are transferable.
All plates bear spines, which attach and articulate at tubercles.
All plates foldout.
All plates have irregular shapes.
All plates have marking lines for positioning of frames, etc.
All plates have universal mounting slots and are individually packaged.
Every plate groans with enough food for two, maybe three or four.
Every plate has a story.
Every plate has an 'X' on the bottom.
Every plate has to be balanced.
Every plate here comes with a beautiful green salad.
Every plate is a stunner.
Every plate is finished by hand.
Every plate is reproduced in true dimensions and original tints, a superb accomplishment.
Many plates are detailed enough to permit thread counts, especially on the double-weave pieces.
Most plates are big enough for two.
Most plates are clean and uniform and otherwise consistent and reproducible.
Most plates are custom built to fill a specific application.
Most plates are in the eight dollar range.
Most plates are made of materials.
Most plates are made of permeable materials.
Most plates are of a simple French design, with the country name in Arabic.
Most plates are transferable.
Most plates come replete with a generous helping of excellent fried rice and refried beans.
Most plates consist of oceanic crust and a larger or smaller chunk of continental crust.
Most plates contain compounds.
Most plates contain salt.
Most plates contain several figures.
Most plates contain uranium salt.
Most plates form circles.
Most plates form volcanoes.
Most plates give off some degree of moisture.
Most plates have dimensions.
Most plates have English name of bird depicted written in pencil at foot.
Most plates have middles.
Most plates have to be studied and figured out.
Most plates reflect light.
Most plates sit on tables.
Most plates use for food.
Some plates affect development.
Some plates are connected by flexible membranes.
Some plates are connected by membranes.
Some plates are covered by layers.
Some plates are made of keratin.
Some plates are made of pewters.
Some plates are of plain good quality while some are astoundingly excellent.
Some plates carry just ocean basin but most have both continent and ocean basins.
Some plates collide head on.
Some plates conduct electricity.
Some plates consist of membranes.
Some plates consist of plasma membranes.
Some plates contain cubes.
Some plates contain flour.
Some plates contain glutamine.
Some plates contain necessary nutrients.
Some plates contain negative control samples.
Some plates contain numbers.
Some plates contain nutrients.
Some plates contain samples.
Some plates contain viruses.
Some plates contain water.
Some plates contain white flour.
Some plates cover areas.
Some plates cover genital areas.
Some plates cover heads.
Some plates cover surfaces.
Some plates cover tails.
Some plates cover with spines.
Some plates create crust.
Some plates detach from the case using a single screw.
Some plates extend from sides.
Some plates facilitate contraction.
Some plates fill with blood.
Some plates fill with fruit.
Some plates fill with rice.
Some plates float in air.
Some plates form cavities.
Some plates form nasal cavities.
Some plates form pouches.
Some plates generate attractive forces.
Some plates generate forces.
Some plates generate strong attractive forces.
Some plates generate strong forces.
Some plates hang from roofs.
Some plates have blood vessels.
Some plates have features.
Some plates have holes.
Some plates have library stamps to top edges which spoil an almost perfect copy.
Some plates have longitudinal ridges.
Some plates have opposite charge.
Some plates have perforation.
Some plates have ridges.
Some plates have specific ordering instructions.
Some plates have specimens.
Some plates have teeth.
Some plates have two exposures per plate.
Some plates have vessels.
Some plates honor great men and women or mark dates in Polish history.
Some plates illustrate problems.
Some plates make up shells.
Some plates move against each other rather than push or pull apart.
Some plates move more than one segment.
Some plates perform functions.
Some plates protect acorn barnacles.
Some plates protect barnacles.
Some plates protect larvae.
Some plates provide exchanges.
Some plates reflect what parents say a lot or hear a lot .
Some plates require pollination.
Some plates show specimens.
Some plates surround lungs.
Some plates use for propulsion.
Plateau outbursts are brighter and last longer than common outbursts.
Plateau programs work best with safety.
Plateau houses A beautiful dancer.
Plateau isa highland.
Plateaus are broad and nearly level to undulating.
Plateaus are common during weight loss, but they can be so frustrating.
Plateaus are flat areas.
Plateaus are flat lands that have been elevated.
Plateaus are flat spots on the error surface, which can severely slow down the learning process.
Plateaus are large flat areas which drop off sharply on at least one side.
Plateaus are normal.
Plateaus have (part) inclines.
Plateaus have (part) slopes.
Plateaus have climates.
Plateaus have moderate climates.
Plateaus indicate large domains of attraction for the peak.
Plateaus surround cities.
Plateaus develop in many ways and occur in a variety of geologic settings.
Plateaus occur on every continent and take up a third of the Earths land.
Plateaus rise thousands of feet straight out of the jungle.
Most plateaus are near folded mountains .
Most plateaus are near folded mountains.
Most plateaus have climates.
Most plateaus have moderate climates.
Most plateaus surround cities.
Some plateaus can last for months.
Some plateaus provide tests.
Plated copper is available upon request.
Plated finish has a chrome look to it.
Plated lizards have a groove running laterally along the length of the body.
Plated materials can crack due to differential expansion.
Plated meals are more suited for small to medium parties.
Plated media are also extremely hard and much less susceptible to head crashes.
Plated rhodium is exceptionally hard and is used for optical instruments.
Plated service is considered to be the most elegant of all forms and styles of service.
Platelet activation ceases when heparin is removed.
Platelet activity is essential to blood clotting.
Platelet activity is higher in women than in men.
Platelet adherence occurs in response to collagen exposure by endothelial damage.
Platelet aggregation causes blood clots which cause heart attacks and stroke.
Platelet aggregation helps plaque cling to the arteries.
Platelet apheresis is a special type of donation in which the platelets are collected from a donor.
Platelet cells contribute to clotting.
Platelet counts are blood tests.
Platelet counts are either normal or elevated.
Platelet counts are low in the first week of illness but are usually high in the second week.
Platelet counts are usually normal or slightly elevated when in the recovery phase.
Platelet counts are usually normal to increased.
Platelet deficiency causes the body to bruise and bleed more easily.
Platelet destruction occurs mainly in the spleen and to some extent in the liver and bone marrow.
Any platelet disorder affects blood clotting.
Platelet donation is different than blood donation.
Platelet donation is safe.
Platelet factors initiate clotting and minimise blood loss.
Platelet function screening of whole blood samples and bleeding time testing are available.
Platelet numbers are within normal range.
Platelet receptors increase in number in older adults.
Platelet serotonin acts as a local releasable antioxidant.
Platelet transfusion is contraindicated since it is associated with rapid deterioration.
Platelet transfusions are real life-savers.
A platelet is a protoplasm
Platelet isa substance.
Platelets a. are very tiny cells.
Platelets adhere to collagen.
Platelets adhere to the damaged area and become cohesive to other platelets.
Platelets adhere to torn blood vessels to create a plug, slowing the loss of blood.
Platelets aggregate and blood clots in the vessels, reducing blood flow to the graft.
Platelets aggregate normally in response to various agonists.
Platelets allow the blood to clot, for example, after injury from a cut or scrape.
Platelets also aid in blood clotting, and are needed by cancer patients.
Platelets also assure that blood vessels stay leakproof in daily life.
Platelets also contribute to the immune response.
Platelets also help to promote other blood clotting mechanisms.
Platelets also play a critical role in the healing process and promote blood clotting.
Platelets also secrete chemicals that stimulate immune system function.
Platelets apparently mistake the bacterial substance for collagen.
Platelets appear as highly refractile particles under the high power lens.
Platelets appear as yellow stars.
Platelets appear blue or purple.
Platelets appear degranulated.
Platelets appear indistinguishable at low magnification from debris on blood smears.
Platelets appear normal.
Platelets are a blood product that serve as the body's first line of defense against bleeding.
Platelets are a component in the blood that are essential to normal blood clotting.
Platelets are a key factor in the body's ability to form blood clots.
Platelets are a specialized type of blood cell that clump together to prevent bleeding.
Platelets are a type of blood cell important to blood clotting.
Platelets are a type of cell found in the blood.
Platelets are a very important component of blood.
Platelets are active in blood clotting and they are rich in inflammatory mediators.
Platelets are actually fragments of large cells that are present only inbone marrow.
Platelets are almost never high enough to cause health problems.
Platelets are always in demand and donors with high platelet counts are difficult to find.
Platelets are always in great demand.
Platelets are an important part of the clotting factor in blood.
Platelets are another matter.
Platelets are blood cells necessary for clotting.
Platelets are blood cells that help control bleeding.
Platelets are blood cells that help form blood clots and stop bleeding.
Platelets are blood cells that help stop bleeding.
Platelets are blood cells that perform a wide variety of functions.
Platelets are blood cells that strengthen blood vessel walls and help seal cuts.
Platelets are blood cells.
Platelets are blood components responsible for a person's blood clotting.
Platelets are blood components that help control bleeding.
Platelets are cell fragments in the bloodstream that enable blood to clot.
Platelets are cell fragments involved in blood .
Platelets are cell fragments involved with blood clotting.
Platelets are cell fragments responsible for blood clotting.
Platelets are cell fragments that bud off megakaryocytes in bone marrow.
Platelets are cell fragments that function in blood clotting.
Platelets are cells found in blood that help form clots to stop bleeding.
Platelets are cells in the blood that are essential to blood clotting.
Platelets are cells in the blood that help stop bleeding.
Platelets are cells produced by the bone marrow and are responsible for blood clotting.
Platelets are central to the process of wound healing.
Platelets are clot-forming blood cells which prevent excessive bleeding.
Platelets are colorless cells, produced in the bone marrow, that aid in the clotting of blood.
Platelets are critical to blood coagulation and the formation of clots to stop bleeding.
Platelets are currently in high demand.
Platelets are discoid cells of the blood.
Platelets are essential for clotting.
Platelets are essential for the formation of a blood clot.
Platelets are essential to normal blood clotting.
Platelets are fragments of blood cells that help the blood clot, or form a scab.
Platelets Are fragments of cells formed in the bone marrow.
Platelets are fragments of cells that are less than half the size of red blood cells.
Platelets are fragments of cells that live in the bone marrow.
Platelets are fragments of the cytoplasm of megakaryocytes, another bone marrow cell.
Platelets are fragments of the giant bone-marrow cells called megakaryocytes.
Platelets are important for proper blood clotting.
Platelets are involved in hemostasis through the making of blood clots .
Platelets are involved in hemostasis through the making of blood clots.
Platelets are like little corks.
Platelets are little cell-like blood components which help the blood to clot.
Platelets are microscopic cell fragments whose main function is to help blood clot.
Platelets are minute colourless cells.
Platelets are much smaller in size than the other blood cells.
Platelets are necessary for blood clotting.
Platelets are necessary to stop bleeding.
Platelets are normal.
Platelets are one component involved in clotting blood.
Platelets are one of the components of blood that help blood to clot.
Platelets are particles in the blood the assist in clotting.
Platelets are particles involved in the blood clotting process.
Platelets are particles that circulate in the blood and play a role in clotting.
Platelets are particles that circulate in the blood.
Platelets are produced in bone marrow by a process known as thrombopoiesis.
Platelets are produced in the bone marrow and are involved in the process of making a blood clot.
Platelets are really 'thrombocytes'.
Platelets are repsosnsible for blood clotting.
Platelets are responsible for causing damage to the cells that line the inside of the blood vessels.
Platelets are responsible for clotting.
Platelets are responsible for helping the blood to clot and prevent bleeding.
Platelets are responsible for helping the blood to clot in order to prevent bleeding.
Platelets are small Blood cells that help control bleeding.
Platelets are small cells circulating in the blood.
Platelets are small cells in the blood responsible for blood clotting.
Platelets are small cells in the blood that help clot the blood.
Platelets are small cells that are found in the peripheral blood.
Platelets are small cells that float around in our blood stream.
Platelets are small cells which are needed for blood to clot normally.
Platelets are small disc shaped cells that are formed in the bone marrow.
Platelets are small disk-shaped blood cells that clump together to form blood clots.
Platelets are small elements of the blood that can clump together and initiate blood clot formation.
Platelets are small fragments of cells, with no nucleus.
Platelets are specialized blood cells that help prevent and stop bleeding.
Platelets are sticky cells that help control bleeding.
Platelets are the agents in the blood that cause clotting.
Platelets are the blood component that is one of the steps necessary for clotting.
Platelets are the blood's main clotting agent.
Platelets are the cells in blood that cause it to clot.
Platelets are the clotting agents in the bloodstream.
Platelets are the clotting factor in blood.
Platelets are the clotting factors in blood that are the number one trigger of heart attacks.
Platelets are the component of blood that cause clotting.
Platelets are the component of blood that controls bleeding.
Platelets are the components of blood that stop bleeding.
Platelets are the constituent in blood that helps it clot.
Platelets are the disc shaped cells that stop bleeding.
Platelets are the first line of defense against vascular injury.
Platelets are the major blood-clotting elements of the body.
Platelets are the primary source of amyloid b peptide in human blood.
Platelets are the smallest cells in the blood and are essential to blood coagulation.
Platelets are the smallest human blood cell and are essential for wound healing.
Platelets are the smallest normal cellular element seen in blood smears.
Platelets are the special cells that clump together and control bleeding after an injury.
Platelets are the tiny cells that seal minor cuts and wounds and form blood clots.
Platelets are there to help the blood clot.
Platelets are tiny blood cells formed in the bone marrow.
Platelets are tiny blood cells that are essential for blood to clot normally.
Platelets are tiny blood cells that function to help prevent and stop bleeding.
Platelets are tiny bodies that are much smaller than red blood cells.
Platelets are tiny cells that help blood to clot.
Platelets are tiny disk-shaped bodies that help stop bleeding when blood vessels are damaged.
Platelets are tiny particles in the blood that form a mesh in an early stage of blood clotting.
Platelets are unique in that they have a short life span of just five days.
Platelets are very delicate, enable cuts to heal and only last for five days.
Platelets are very large when they are first made.
Platelets are very small fragments of cells.
Platelets are what allow blood to clot after surgery or some type of trauma.
Platelets are what is responsible for the clotting.
Platelets are what make blood clot.
Platelets are yellow, disc shaped cells that help the blood to clot.
Platelets arrive at the site of a rupture of a blood vessel and initially plug the leak.
Platelets attach to the atheroma.
Platelets become activated and adhere to endothelium and leukocytes.
Platelets can elevate as acute phase reactants.
Platelets cause clotting when cuts or other open wounds occur.
Platelets circulate in the blood and are important in blood clotting.
Platelets circulate in the blood and play a vital role in the control of bleeding.
Platelets circulate in the blood as resting cells in the shape of discs.
Platelets Click on the names below for more pages to color.
Platelets clump around the area of injury as a normal part of the clotting and healing process.
Platelets clump around the wound forming a clot, which blocks blood flow to the heart.
Platelets clump to plug the rupture.
Platelets coagulate blood and prevent excessive bleeding.
Platelets collect in an attempt to stop bleeding.
Platelets congregate at a damaged site, sticking together and forming a small plug.
Platelets contain clotting factors that plug up blood vessel walls when they are torn.
Platelets contain many chemicals that assist clotting.
Platelets contain secretory granules.
Platelets control bleeding and induce clotting.
Platelets control bleeding by attaching to an injured surface and forming a clot.
Platelets control bleeding by helping repair injured blood vessels.
Platelets control bleeding in patients with leukemia and other illnesses.
Platelets correspond very well with everything else.
Platelets count .
Platelets enable blood to clot.
Platelets form a 'mesh' net to form clots in the Blood to help stop bleeding.
Platelets form a platelet plug to stop bleeding.
Platelets form a wreath around a segmented neutrophil.
Platelets form from the breaking apart of the cytoplasm of the fully mature megakaryocytes.
Platelets function in the clotting of blood.
Platelets have a limited life span before they are replaced by new platelets.
Platelets have a short life-span of just five days .
Platelets have a short life-span of just five days.
Platelets have a short life-span of only five days.
Platelets have a short life-span ofjust five days.
Platelets have the shortest shelf-life and can be stored for only about five days.
Platelets help blood clot and prevent bleeding.
Platelets help blood clot.
Platelets Help blood to clot.
Platelets help clot blood when there is a break in a blood vessel, such as a cut in the skin.
Platelets help control bleeding by covering blood vessels opened by injury or surgery.
Platelets help in blood clotting.
Platelets help in the clotting of blood.
Platelets help in the formation of blood clots.
Platelets help make blood clot .
Platelets help make blood clot.
Platelets help speed clotting time, and platelets help fight shock.
Platelets help stop bleeding by plugging leaks in blood vessels.
Platelets help stop bleeding.
Platelets help the blood clot.
Platelets help the blood to clot.
Platelets immediately form a plug at the site of injury .
Platelets immediately form a plug at the site of injury.
Platelets initiate a chain of reactions that lead to blood clotting.
Platelets is granule of granule.
Platelets lack dense granules and platelet function is abnormal.
Platelets live a few weeks and are constantly being produced by the bone marrow.
Platelets make blood clots.
Platelets make the blood clot.
Platelets play a big part in stopping bleeding.
Platelets play a crucial part in the blood clotting process by forming a platelet plug.
Platelets play a crucial role in helping blood to clot.
Platelets play a major role in blood clotting as described in the next section.
Platelets play a role in blood clot formation.
Platelets play a role in blood coagulation and wound healing.
Platelets prevent bleeding.
Platelets prevent the patient from bleeding to death.
Platelets probably play little if any role in the pathogenesis of multiple sclerosis.
Platelets promote blood clotting and repair gaps in the walls of blood vessels.
Platelets promote clotting in blood.
Platelets promote clotting of the blood, and prevent excessive bleeding.
Platelets release chemicals that are needed for blood clotting.
Platelets release clotting factors, which begin a series of reactions to produce fibrin.
Platelets release substances that help blood clot.
Platelets rush to the point of injury to stop the bleeding.
Platelets send out filopodia that entangle each other.
Platelets stick together to stop bleeding.
Platelets then activate substances in plasma which form a clot and allow the wound to heal.
Platelets undergo changes in configuration and release reactions.
Platelets work with other substances to form clots where blood vessels are but.
Platelets usually exacerbate the situation.
Some platelets come off each direction.
Some platelets isolate from gingkoes.
A plateletpheresis is pheresis
Plateletpheresis is a process similar to donating blood, with a few exceptions.
Platen cleaners are available from computer supply stores.
Platen surfaces are rigid, smooth and level.
A plater is a skilled worker
Plater also considers the changing nature of faculty work.
Plater looks for students with few formal qualifications who left school some time ago.
Platers are skilled workers.
All platers start drinking at the same time.
Platform access is to the left of the shot.
Platform acquisitions are large, multiple-franchise dealerships in attractive markets.
Platform basis is development of human potential.
Some platform beds have designs.
Some platform beds have modern designs.
Platform choice appears to be primarily a field specific decision.
All platform companies claim high levels of availability for their systems.
Platform components are available now.
Platform construction can be difficult in existing ponds.
Platform coverage enables companies to purchase one implementation and leverage it from anywhere.
Platform dependence causes serious problems.
Platform design is similar to the other stations except that the exit leads up to the street.
Platform diving is introduced to campers who are qualified to train in the event.
Platform diving is somewhat of a breath of fresh air.
Platform independence allows for easy sharing of code among collaborators.
Platform independence gives developers the freedom to choose the platforms they want.
Platform independence is a key factor in agent development.
Platform independence is achieved through the use of tags rather than physical styles.
Platform independence is another critical issue.
Platform independence means two things in the context of derivatives software.
Platform issues are just as important as production issues.
Platform participants can visit all seminars at no extra charge.
Platform performance is therefore a critical issue.
Platform preparation is also generally absent.
Platform preparation leaves distinct traces on the butt of an artifact.
Platform scalability is very attractive to our entrepreneurial clients.
Platform shoes are available in all shapes and guises.
Platform shoes mean women are no longer looked down upon.
Platform tennis is a racquet sport which is played outdoors mainly during the winter months.
Platform tennis is an ideal fall and winter sport.
Platform testing is unremarkable.
Platform trucks carry animals and produce.
A platform is a level
Platform collapses flat for easy storage and transportation.
Platform consists of fixed, hinged, sliding and elevating sections.
Platform follows ball.
Platform incorporates asynchronous communication tools.
Platform incorporates synchronous communication tools .
Platform isa surface.
Platform permits churches to join regional consociations.
Platform reverses for right or left handed mousing .
Platform works great.
Platforms allow access to several pieces.
Platforms allow services.
Platforms also play a major role in determining what secondary applications can be used.
Platforms are a big fashion item in Tokyo and have inspired an academic study.
Platforms are about making the trains run on time.
Platforms are all the rage right now.
Platforms are big fashion items in Tokyo and have inspired academic study.
Platforms are both embedded systems and PC environment.
Platforms are combinations of specifications of hardware and operating system.
Platforms are computer operating systems.
Platforms are computer systems.
Platforms are documents.
Platforms are economies and places where people express themselves.
Platforms are flat areas.
Platforms are for fun, profits follow.
Platforms ARE important.
Platforms are interchangeable and can be used individually or rearranged.
Platforms are located in arenas.
Platforms are located in buildings.
Platforms are located in concert halls.
Platforms are located in depots.
Platforms are located in docks.
Platforms are located in museums.
Platforms are no restriction.
Platforms are 'personalized' to match feature physics using characterized sensors.
Platforms are relevant, if at all, during campaigns.
Platforms are stages.
Platforms are still predominate.
Platforms are structures.
Platforms are to be used only in compliance with federal rules and regulations.
Platforms are used for presentation.
Platforms are used for speaks.
Platforms are used for speechs.
Platforms are used for supporting.
Platforms are vehicle designations, such as minivan, light truck, and passenger car.
Platforms bind no one.
Platforms build on platforms.
Platforms can also cause lower back pain amd iliopsoas muscle spasms.
Platforms change, drivers change, etc.
Platforms enable customers.
Platforms encourage even higher shoes.
Platforms Explore the rapid changes and maturation of Linux platforms on the desktop and beyond.
Platforms flank the bar with draped couches and comfy arm chairs.
Platforms float over impossible bottomless voids.
Platforms have (part) sections.
Platforms have straight boarding areas with minimum platform gap as well as platform screen doors.
Platforms Note that starview has an auto-update feature.
Platforms offer ease of access and very fast performance.
Platforms polarize when they are too specific, because they become exclusionary.
Platforms range from handheld and mobile computers to media and real-time server systems.
Platforms range from mainframe systems to notebook computers.
Platforms range from micro to mainframe.
Platforms range from PC to mainframe.
Platforms range from the desktop to the mainframe and include both open and proprietary systems.
Platforms serve general purposes.
Platforms serve purposes.
Platforms shift rapidly, and new ways of developing software emerge every year.
Platforms support walls.
Platforms supported include wireless cell phones, pagers, PDAs and other wireless computing devices.
All platforms are custom made per order.
All platforms are fully networkable.
All platforms are welcome including web-tv.
All platforms are welcome including windows, mac, and web-tv.
All platforms are welcome including windows, mac, aol, and web-tv.
All Platforms Browse through all our Gamesstreet pages.
All platforms build static libraries in addition to shared libraries.
All platforms can then use it.
All platforms Check the news pages for info on patches, and releases.
All platforms contclasses.
All Platforms Get the hardcore pocket guide for the most hardcore wrestling game ever made.
All Platforms Get the hardcore strategy guide for the most hardcore wrestling game ever made.
All platforms have an identical user interfaces.
All platforms have different standard for save boxes.
All platforms have durable laminated surfaces.
All platforms have rough tex surfaces and all equipment is serviced by water agitation systems.
All platforms listed are the minimum supported version.
All platforms Needs root rollover .
All platforms offer a high level of expandability .
All platforms offer extensive functionality and a highly efficient means of managing communications.
All platforms offer tightly integrated modules for a total business solution.
All platforms support a simple command line client.
All platforms support the default windowing system supplied by the vendor.
All platforms welcome, no download.
All platforms welcome.
All platforms work together seamlessly to ensure a successful user experience.
Any platform can load up the primary objects with polygons.
Any platform is acceptable.
Every platform has a default character encoding.
Every platform is different and every game is different.
Every platform needs a solid foundation.
Many platforms have a precompiled version of analog available.
More platforms are in the pipeline.
Most platforms allow services.
Most platforms can act as relays for the signals as well.
Most platforms enable customers.
Most platforms have and extensive and different set of fonts.
Most platforms have native code translators either already available or under development.
Most platforms have support for most common media types.
Most platforms now accept the longer filenames.
Most platforms now allow the longer external names.
Most platforms serve general purposes.
Most platforms serve purposes.
Most platforms support walls.
Some platforms allow for automatic updating.
Some platforms are lined with spikes while others carry power-ups or guards.
Some platforms are made of twigs.
Some platforms are more secure than others.
Some platforms define additional names as well.
Some platforms do have a choice of compilers.
Some platforms enhance development.
Some platforms enhance professional development.
Some platforms even support somatosensory and visual evoked potentials testing.
Some platforms have a different interpretation of the text than the other platforms.
Some platforms limit the number of network connections that they allow.
Some platforms provide cost.
Some platforms provide intelligence.
Some platforms run slower than others.
Some platforms support patterns.
Some platforms support pop-up menus as an alternative to the standard choice control.
Some platforms support sensors.
Some platforms support size.
Some platforms support texture-mapped objects.
Some platforms use flex.
Some platforms use the ELF format and have a libelf.sl or similar that allows to write such files.
Platforms shoes are more comfortable and safer to wear when the heel height is higher.
Most plating wear is on the receiver.
Plating are applications.
Plating are coating.
Platinum card promises the best digital stereo experience yet.
Platinum cards soar while Gold cards drop.
Platinum coins offer an opportunity to all investors.
Many platinum compounds cause sensitization.
Platinum metal is used as support for fractured bones.
Platinum metals review.
Platinum mining is a very expensive, very dangerous business.
Platinum partners can include revenue from a direct sales quota or an influenced revenue quota.
Platinum print has a special beauty and a strong durability.
Platinum prints are also ironically the most expensive of the alternative printing techniques.
Platinum prints are among the most beautiful and permanent of all photographs.
Platinum prints look different than any other photographic print.
Platinum prints printed in different ways translate a different end result.
Platinum prints use light as an expressive medium, generating a palette of warmly gilded textures.
Platinum already plays a key role in the refining of crude oil into gasoline and other products.
Platinum also acts as an independant Consultant to several Developments.
Platinum also increases contrast slightly.
Platinum can buy either direct or through distribution.
Platinum catalyzes the oxidation of methanol.
Platinum causes no allergic reaction with the skin which the alloy in gold can with some people.
Platinum comes with a mess of software.
Platinum continues to have concerns about the economically oriented industrial woes.
Platinum delivers enterprise modeling tool.
Platinum does make certain demands on the jeweller's skills.
Platinum feels and looks luxurious.
Platinum goes from day to night with subtle elegance and sophistication.
Platinum has (part) atoms.
Platinum has cleaner, more comfortable feel to it.
Platinum has important applications as a catalyst.
Platinum has many uses, especially in alloys.
Platinum has many uses.
Platinum has no biological role.
Platinum has purity, strength, rarity, durability, and a natural rich, white color.
Platinum has to offer.
Platinum however is durable to occasional high temperature excursions.
Platinum is a bannerless fee-based Internet service.
Platinum is a beautiful silvery-white metal, when pure, and is malleable and ductile.
Platinum is a beautiful white metal that takes a superior polish.
Platinum is a brilliantly white, highly resistant metal.
Platinum is a classic choice because it is both extremely durable and beautiful.
Platinum is a dominant visible and recessive lethal.
Platinum is a fresh and new idea with substantial funding and backing.
Platinum is a key component to current automotive fuel cell designs.
Platinum is a light silvery metal that is was origionionally used for jewelery.
Platinum is a multi-faceted precious metal.
Platinum is a natural rich, white color.
Platinum is a noble metal.
Platinum is a no-brainer.
Platinum is a premium account that pays for itself.
Platinum is a silver colour and also inert in most peoples bodies.
Platinum is a silvery-white metal that is malleable and ductile.
Platinum is a silvery-white metal.
Platinum is a superb sounding metal with a rather darker than silver crystalline appearance.
Platinum is a very dense metal, heavier than gold, silver and even lead.
Platinum is a very different substance to a chemist.
Platinum is a wonderful metal, but it can be difficult to work with.
Platinum is also a possibility.
Platinum is also an option.
Platinum is also hypoallergenic and resists tarnish.
Platinum is also one of the most enduring jewelry metals.
Platinum is among the finest, purest and rarest precious metals.
Platinum is among the purest, rarest and most durable metals on earth.
Platinum is among the vendors touting ease of installation.
Platinum is an expensive hard metal.
Platinum is an important metal.
Platinum is an information technology and business solutions company.
Platinum is available in coin and bar form.
Platinum is available in custom work with an extended lead time.
Platinum is available upon request.
Platinum is big.
Platinum is certainly a metal whose growth in consumption is going to continue.
Platinum is chemical elements.
Platinum is described as a silvery-white, dense metal that is quite malleable and ductile when pure.
Platinum is distinctive, it looks and feels different than silver or white gold.
Platinum is electroplated from two different electrolytes.
Platinum is even more scare than gold.
Platinum is even prettier than silver, never tarnishes at all, but is an absolute nightmare to work.
Platinum is extremely dense, and is much more heavier than silver or gold.
Platinum is extremely dense, and remarkably heavy.
Platinum is fashionable.
Platinum is found uncombined as a free element and alloyed with iridium as platiniridium.
Platinum is from a Spanish word meaning silver.
Platinum is great on the trail and no vices.
Platinum is heavier and more dense than other metals and it has an elegant, rich, white luster.
Platinum is hypoallergenic and resists tarnish.
Platinum is hypoallergenic.
Platinum is ideal for jewelry that is worn everyday because it shows little wear.
Platinum is ideal for jewelry that's worn everyday because it shows little wear.
Platinum is in beta and is due in the first half of next year .
Platinum is inert to the generating process.
Platinum is lustrous.
Platinum is metal.
Platinum is more dense than gold which means it wears better than gold.
Platinum is more durable, but gold is more scratch resistant.
Platinum is more efficient at heating and cooling but is more prone to damage.
Platinum is more expensive per pound, so it is presumably more valuable.
Platinum is more expensive then gold.
Platinum is more rare on Earth than gold and silver.
Platinum is much more than a precious metal.
Platinum is music recording.
Platinum is next in the periodic table.
Platinum is noble metal
Platinum is non-corroding and fully hypoallergenic.
Platinum is non-reactive with virtually all chemicals and materials.
Platinum is non-toxic.
Platinum is now a major component of our inventory.
Platinum is obtained from platinum ores and is used to make jewelry and containers.
Platinum is one of the elements in a group known as the platinum group metals.
Platinum is one of the heaviest metals in the world.
Platinum is one of the most beautiful metals used in jewelry today.
Platinum is one of the most beautiful precious metals.
Platinum is one of the noble metals, so called because it is chemically non-reactive.
Platinum is one of the rarest of all precious metals, found only in a few locations in the world.
Platinum is one of the rarest, purest and most enduring metals available.
Platinum is one of the rarest, purest and most enduring metals.
Platinum is one of the strongest and most enduring jewelry metal.
Platinum is one of the strongest, most enduring and one of the heaviest metals in the world.
Platinum is one of the world strongest and most enduring metals.
Platinum is our recommendation for customers needing a faster and higher level of technical support.
Platinum is perfect for diamond settings.
Platinum is powerful, romantic and lasting.
Platinum is presently more costly than gold.
Platinum is priced higher than gold.
Platinum is pure through and through.
Platinum is pure.
Platinum is Pure.
Platinum is purer.
Platinum is rare.
Platinum is referred to as a noble metal because, like gold, it resists corrosion.
Platinum is related to iridium .
Platinum is related to iridium.
Platinum is resistant to wear and corrosion.
Platinum is specially prepared for use as a catalyst .
Platinum is still the most comprehensive CD authoring package available.
Platinum is strong and durable.
Platinum is strong.
Platinum is the elegant metal for the new millennium.
Platinum is the element used to tint the glass used in office buildings.
Platinum is the hardest of the precious metals, it never tarnishes.
Platinum is the hardest of the pure precious metals.
Platinum is the highest level.
Platinum is the highest reseller certification and is awarded on the basis of training hours.
Platinum is the latest full-featured version of the popular CD recording software.
Platinum is the metal of choice for today's discriminating jewelry buyer.
Platinum is the most complete digital audio solution for music, games and Internet entertainment.
Platinum is the most precious of all metals.
Platinum is the most valuable and precious of all precious metals - and the rarest by far.
Platinum is the way to go.
Platinum is undeniably the ultimate.
Platinum is used as a catalyst in automobile catalytic converters and in many commercial processes.
Platinum is used because it is an excellent conductor.
Platinum is used because the glass melt has a natural affinity for wetting it.
Platinum is used for a really really light blonde, but they make it look greyish silver.
Platinum is used in an almost pure state making it hypoallergenic.
Platinum is used in the manufacturing of fiber-optic cable.
Platinum is very expensive, and prices fluctuate greatly, too.
Platinum is very popular, but all white metals are being bought.
Platinum is very stable.
Platinum is, among other things, used in catalytic converters for automobiles.
Platinum is, in our eyes, the best choice available.
Platinum is, of course, no exception.
Platinum isa metal.
Platinum offers a dedicated database clustering solution with powerful transaction processing.
Platinum prints on handmade Tibetan paper.
Platinum prints post-bound in a leather album.
Platinum produces antique version of it's original mechanical pencil.
Platinum provides extra high knot strength with outstanding abrasion resistance.
Platinum scarves, gold medallions, white trousers and white shoes.
Platinum shows little wear and thus offers precious stones greater protection.
Platinum tends to show very little wear as it is more durable than gold.
Platinum uses dark grays, and has engraved user interface elements.
Platinum uses the sun as a potent elixir to preserve an image.
Platinum wears much better that older plug designs.
A platitude is a remark
A platitude is a truism
Platitudes are the worst thing in the world.
Platitudes are unacceptable and have no place in ethical principles.
Platitudes fall from the lips like ad slogans on TV - There is a never ending supply.
Platitudes graciously given, do but briefly stir the stagnant air of sorrow.
Platonic friendships turn into exquisite romances.
Platonic intuition is unsuitable as a weapon with which to defend the validity of mathematics.
Platonic love involves a. disgust with sex.
Platonic love is a type of love that is non-sexual.
Platonic love is love from the neck up.
Platonic model bridges the gap between neurosciences and psychological sciences.
Platonic notion is the human body drawn with mathematical formulas.
Platonic relationships have their merits as well.
Platonic theory is a justification for the valorization of death over life .
Platonic thought is essentially a dialogue with oneself.
Every platoon commander has to have a map, a section commander has to have a map.
Platoon leader directs a platoon battle drill.
Platoon leaders are responsible for their team members.
Platoon leaders determine the number of laying vehicles to be employed.
Platoon sergeants can award Merits for reasons as they see fit.
A platoon is a force
Platoon consolidates and reorganizes.
Platoon contains great effects and cinematography, especially during the fight sequences.
Platoon executes an air attack drill.
Platoon is a grand achievement on all fronts of the filmmaking process.
Platoon is a savage, candid film, full of searing images and ideas.
Platoon is a well made, superbly acted tale of one soldier's life during the Vietnam war.
Platoon is certainly worth a spin.
Platoon is still the best war movie ever.
Platoon is the fourth point on the seminal compass of Vietnam films.
Platoon performs consolidation and reorganization.
Platoon remains in general support of the battalion.
Platoon works on many levels.
Platoons are social groups.
Platoons attack individually, except in assaults.
Platoons conduct bounding overwatch using successive or alternate bounds.
Platoons conduct two types of tactical marches with the company.
Platoons load the helicopters and fly to another area.
Platoons move to designated area within the assembly area.
Platoons normally trace their overlays from the company operations map.
Platoons use common communications equipment and are familiar with each other's weapons and tactics.
Every platoon has two paramedics.
A platter is an audio
Platter also cautions against nailing one cause for Gulf War illnesses.
Platter also gives a careful record of ticket prices and seating arrangements.
Platter includes a mixed vegetable salad and rolls.
Platter includes our spring vegetable dip.
Platter is in excellent condition with only minor wear to the gold trim.
Platter is lined with frilly lettuce, it always looks so appetizing.
Platter is made of durable plastic.
Platters are bands.
Platters are dishs.
Platters are located in cabinets.
Platters arrive in pairs.
Platters can also be custom-made upon request.
Platters can vary in size.
Platters come with a choice of salad, French fries, cole slaw or a cup of soup.
Platters cost more, of course, but they can also feed multiple people.
All platters come with two eggs, toast, homefries or grits.
All platters come with two sides.
All platters feature imported meats and gourmet cheeses.
Many platters also come with free guacamole on the side.
More platters arrive.
A platy is a live-bearer
Platies are easy and a great fish for beginners or new aquariums.
Platies are from Mexico.
Platies are peaceful fish that can be kept in a community tank.
All platy are dace.
A platyhelminth is a worm
Platyhelminth isa worm.
Platyhelminths are flatworms - bilateral acoelomates with true tissues.
Platyhelminths have (part) brains.
Platyhelminths have (part) cell membranes.
Platyhelminths have (part) cells.
Platyhelminths have (part) corpi.
Platyhelminths have (part) cytoplasm.
Platyhelminths have (part) ears.
Platyhelminths have (part) faces.
Platyhelminths have (part) flame cells.
Platyhelminths have (part) heads.
Platyhelminths have (part) nuclei.
Platyhelminths have (part) plasma membranes.
Platyhelminths have (part) sections.
Platyhelminths have (part) skulls.
Platyhelminths have (part) vacuoles.
Platyhelminths have an excretory system that also functions as an osmotic-regulating system.
Platyhelminths have practically no fossil record.
Most platyhelminths are hermaphroditic , meaning that they have both sexes in the one individual.
Platypus venom is a clear, slightly sticky fluid.
Platypus venom is reportedly strong enough to kill a dog and causes intense pain in humans.
A platypus is a mammal
Platypus are difficult to see in the wild.
Platypus are fairly plentiful in their somewhat limited area.
Platypus are most active for several hours after dusk and before dawn.
Platypus are one of the unique animal and are protected by law.
Platypus are semi aquatic mammals and are included as one of the extant species of monotremes.
Platypus are semi aquatic, nocturnal animals.
Platypus are unique mammals.
Platypus automatically close their eyes and ears in water.
Platypus can be big or small.
Platypus does say that it is able to create large publications.
Platypus eat insect larvae, shrimps and worms.
Platypus feed only in the water.
Platypus generally builds two kinds of burrows in the banks of streams and ponds.
Platypus has a broad and flat body.
Platypus has foot at the sides of their body rather than underneath so they walk like reptiles.
Platypus has many features that are easily integrated into existing procedures.
Platypus has the flat furry tail which stores fat for long cold winter in freezing waters.
Platypus has the most sensitive electro receptive of any monotremes.
Platypus has the solution.
Platypus is easy to install.
Platypus is endemic to Australia and is dependent on rivers, streams and bodies of freshwater.
Platypus is famous for.
Platypus is found in both agricultural and urban areas.
Platypus is offered for control board indicators, moving message signs and other applications.
Platypus is shy animal and is mainly active before dawn and after dusk.
Platypus is well adapted for semi-aquatic lifestyle.
Platypus isa monotreme.
Platypus live in burrows and spend a lot of their time in freshwater ponds and streams.
Platypus live in burrows and spend much of their time in freshwater ponds and streams.
Platypus live in burrows that they dig on the banks of fresh water rivers, lakes or streams.
Platypus live in northern Australia and Echidnas live in Australia, Tasmania, and New Guinea.
Platypus prefer their burrows to be overhung by vegetation which helps hide it from predators.
Platypus shows no signs of evolution.
Platypuses adapt to water.
Platypuses also make their home in or around streams and rivers.
Platypuses are active all year round, but mostly during twilight and in the night.
Platypuses are also susceptible to habitat destruction, but that is at a minimum.
Platypuses are among the few venomous mammals.
Platypuses are dark brown on their backs and generally light brown on their bellies.
Platypuses are excellent diggers.
Platypuses are found in slow-flowing streams, rivers and in lakes and dams.
Platypuses are hard to care for in zoos.
Platypuses are harder to find.
Platypuses are in a family of animals called monotremes.
Platypuses are indigenous to freshwater rivers and lakes in eastern Australia and Tasmania.
Platypuses are mammals.
Platypuses are monotremes.
Platypuses are most active at night and spend the days resting in their burrows.
Platypuses are multicellular.
Platypuses are one of only two mammal species that lay eggs.
Platypuses belong to a group of animals called monotremes.
Platypuses belong to families.
Platypuses build burrows.
Platypuses can be big or small .
Platypuses can be big or small.
Platypuses can become entangled in discarded litter, fishing line, and mesh netting.
Platypuses cavort happily on the lawns and in the pools.
Platypuses close nostrils.
Platypuses come from streams.
Platypuses construct burrows.
Platypuses construct nest burrows.
Platypuses detect movement.
Platypuses dig burrows.
Platypuses drink water.Baby platypuses drink mothers' milk, just as all baby mammals do.
Platypuses eat grubs.
Platypuses excrete urine.
Platypuses feed on carnivorous diets.
Platypuses feed on diets.
Platypuses find food.
Platypuses give birth by laying eggs.
Platypuses has-part glands.
Platypuses have (part) brains.
Platypuses have (part) breasts.
Platypuses have (part) cell membranes.
Platypuses have (part) cells.
Platypuses have (part) chest cavities.
Platypuses have (part) chests.
Platypuses have (part) corpi.
Platypuses have (part) cytoplasm.
Platypuses have (part) ears.
Platypuses have (part) faces.
Platypuses have (part) heads.
Platypuses have (part) nuclei.
Platypuses have (part) pedal extremities.
Platypuses have (part) piluses.
Platypuses have (part) plasma membranes.
Platypuses have (part) rib cages.
Platypuses have (part) sections.
Platypuses have (part) skulls.
Platypuses have (part) sterna.
Platypuses have (part) vacuoles.
Platypuses have (part) vertebrate feet.
Platypuses have a tail shaped like that of a beaver, and webbed fore- and hindfeet.
Platypuses have a three different coats, and their fur is a brown color.
Platypuses have average weight.
Platypuses have bills.
Platypuses have blood.
Platypuses have body temperature.
Platypuses have bones.
Platypuses have characteristics.
Platypuses have defense.
Platypuses have expression patterns.
Platypuses have eyes.
Platypuses have feet.
Platypuses have hind legs.
Platypuses have intestines.
Platypuses have keen sight and hearing on dry land.
Platypuses have legs.
Platypuses have lower average weight.
Platypuses have lower body temperature.
Platypuses have lower temperature.
Platypuses have mammalian characteristics.
Platypuses have molar teeth.
Platypuses have patterns.
Platypuses have same expression patterns.
Platypuses have same patterns.
Platypuses have similarity.
Platypuses have spines.
Platypuses have tails.
Platypuses have teeth.
Platypuses have temperature.
Platypuses have toes.
Platypuses have weight.
Platypuses hunt for food.
Platypuses inhabit small streams.
Platypuses inhabit streams.
Platypuses leave burrows.
Platypuses live for years.
Platypuses live in climates.
Platypuses look for food.
Platypuses look like creatures.
Platypuses look like other creatures.
Platypuses possess coats.
Platypuses possess fur.
Platypuses reach maturity.
Platypuses reach reproductive maturity.
Platypuses reach sexual maturity.
Platypuses require adequate surface water.
Platypuses require adequate water.
Platypuses require surface water.
Platypuses require water.
Platypuses search for food.
Platypuses share burrows.
Platypuses show much resemblance.
Platypuses show resemblance.
Platypuses spend most of their time alone, sleeping or eating.
Platypuses store food.
Platypuses survive to adulthood.
Platypuses survive to ages.
Platypuses tend to hunt at night, but have been seen at daytime.
Platypuses to search for food.
Platypuses use burrows.
Platypuses use hind legs.
Platypuses use legs.
Platypuses use sensitive snouts.
Platypuses use snouts.
Platypuses use tails.
Platypuses use their nails and feet to construct dirt burrows at the water's edge.
Platypus usually digs two types of burrows.
Most platypuses adapt to water.
Most platypuses belong to families.
Most platypuses build burrows.
Most platypuses come from streams.
Most platypuses construct burrows.
Most platypuses construct nest burrows.
Most platypuses eat grubs.
Most platypuses excrete urine.
Most platypuses feed on carnivorous diets.
Most platypuses feed on diets.
Most platypuses find food.
Most platypuses has-part glands.
Most platypuses have average weight.
Most platypuses have bills.
Most platypuses have blood.
Most platypuses have body temperature.
Most platypuses have bones.
Most platypuses have characteristics.
Most platypuses have defense.
Most platypuses have expression patterns.
Most platypuses have eyes.
Most platypuses have feet.
Most platypuses have intestines.
Most platypuses have legs.
Most platypuses have lower average weight.
Most platypuses have lower body temperature.
Most platypuses have lower temperature.
Most platypuses have mammalian characteristics.
Most platypuses have molar teeth.
Most platypuses have patterns.
Most platypuses have same expression patterns.
Most platypuses have same patterns.
Most platypuses have similarity.
Most platypuses have spines.
Most platypuses have teeth.
Most platypuses have temperature.
Most platypuses have toes.
Most platypuses have weight.
Most platypuses inhabit small streams.
Most platypuses leave burrows.
Most platypuses live for years.
Most platypuses live in climates.
Most platypuses look for food.
Most platypuses look like creatures.
Most platypuses look like other creatures.
Most platypuses reach maturity.
Most platypuses reach reproductive maturity.
Most platypuses reach sexual maturity.
Most platypuses require adequate surface water.
Most platypuses require adequate water.
Most platypuses require surface water.
Most platypuses require water.
Most platypuses search for food.
Most platypuses show much resemblance.
Most platypuses show resemblance.
Most platypuses survive to adulthood.
Most platypuses survive to ages.
Most platypuses use burrows.
Most platypuses use hind legs.
Most platypuses use legs.
Most platypuses use sensitive snouts.
Most platypuses use snouts.
Most platypuses use tails.
Some platypuses consume small vertebrates.
Some platypuses detect prey.
Some platypuses develop methods.
Some platypuses drink milk.
Some platypuses eat insect larvae.
Some platypuses eat larvae.
Some platypuses eat tadpoles.
Some platypuses feed on milk.
Some platypuses find mates.
Some platypuses have difficulty.
Some platypuses have grooves.
Some platypuses have identical karyotypes.
Some platypuses have karyotypes.
Some platypuses have levels.
Some platypuses have life stages.
Some platypuses have mammals.
Some platypuses have milk proteins.
Some platypuses have molars.
Some platypuses have nipples.
Some platypuses have ovaries.
Some platypuses have proteins.
Some platypuses have regions.
Some platypuses have scars.
Some platypuses have stages.
Some platypuses have vaginas.
Some platypuses hide in crevices.
Some platypuses lose heat.
Some platypuses lose teeth.
Some platypuses occupy burrows.
Some platypuses occupy several different burrows.
Some platypuses pose problems.
Some platypuses prefer banks.
Some platypuses produce milk.
Some platypuses remain in burrows.
Some platypuses remain in nest burrows.
Some platypuses stay in burrows.
Some platypuses take care.
Some platypuses use energy.
Some platypuses utilize pouches.
A plaudit is commendation
Plaudits are due to the whole set up.
Plausibility established, let's examine the situation.
Plausibility establishes that a concept or model is more than just a belief or conjecture.
Plausibility is a useful yardstick, but it depends on the eye of the beholder.
Plausibility is all.
Plausibility is based upon the optical classification and X-ray characteristics of the sources.
Plausibility is believability
Plausibility is credibility.
Plausibility is key to learning new ideas, and evaluating unfamiliar lujvo.
Plausibility is more important than accuracy.
Plausibility is never a factor.
Plausibility supports their concern.
All plausible alternatives have drawbacks.
Plausible inference is an essential aspect of logic-based information disclosure.
Plausible mechanisms involve both internal and external agents.
Plausible principles are usually too uncontroversial to help one decide which projects to support.
Some plausible stories lead to disasters.
More plausible villains are foreign speculative capital and weak domestic demand.
Play areas are available downstairs.
Play areas are located in parks.
Play areas hold myriad opportunities for failure to supervise charges.
Play areas provide a welcome distraction for younger travellers.
Play cards  bids.
Play cards  concentrates.
Play cards  counts.
Play cards  dealing.
Play cards  deals.
Play cards  dummies.
Play cards  laughs.
Play cards  talk.
Play cards  winnings.
Play cards are motivated by the goal of fun.
Play cards are motivated by the goal of play games.
Play cards are motivated by the goal of wins.
Play cards start with cheats.
Play cards start with deals.
Play centers offer a wealth of hands-on learning and discovery.
Play days are for individuals who wish to play league sports, but are unable to form a team.
Play dough contains sugar.
Play dough has resistance.
Most play dough has resistance.
Play games  challengeds.
Play games  fun.
Play games  wins.
Play games are motivated by the goal of amusement.
Play games are motivated by the goal of challenge.
Play games are motivated by the goal of fun.
Play games are motivated by the goal of recreation.
Play games are motivated by the goal of wins.
A play group is preschool
Play groups are a good thing to establish or join also.
Play groups are available for children ranging in age from infancy to age five.
Some play group comes in, people meet here to go skiing.
A play list is a list
Play list is updated weekly and features artists from a variety of genres.
Play lists are available within five days of each weeks show.
Play lists are easy to program and easy to change.
Play lists can range from one or two songs to several months of non-stop music.
Play sports  injuries.
Play sports  laughs.
Play sports  practice.
Play sports  runs.
Play sports  sweat.
Play sports are motivated by the goal of athletes.
Play sports are motivated by the goal of competition.
Play sports are motivated by the goal of exercises.
Play sports are motivated by the goal of jocks.
Play sports are motivated by the goal of wins.
Play sports end with rests.
Play sports end with showers.
Play sports start with practice.
Play sports start with stretchs.
Play stations are an example of the emergence of low cost platforms.
Play begins again by setting the ball in the middle of the field and lining the teams up as before.
Play begins again with a new word.
Play begins again with the player to the winning player's left.
Play begins slowly with just weak infantry and the occasional armoured car.
Play brings humanity against government.
Play can involve grab.
Play can involve laughs.
Play concludes today.
Play concludes with a slide presentation - emotional and thought provoking.
Play contains strong language.
Play continues after a missed free throw in the same manner as before.
Play continues alternately with the opponents moving one piece to any adjacent point.
Play continues alternately.
Play continues and expands.
Play continues and the attacking player scores a goal into the open goal.
Play continues and the offending team scores a goal.
Play continues around the board until all letters are placed and the final player is out of time.
Play continues around the circle until all the cards are gone.
Play continues around the circle.
Play continues around the door while it is being fixed.
Play continues around the room until the correct team member is guessed.
Play continues around the room until the correct woman is guessed.
Play continues around the room with each group taking turns.
Play continues around the table until the woodpile is empty.
Play continues around the table, with each player having to match the previous bet, raise, or fold.
Play continues as a series of turns until either a touchdown occurs or the half comes to an end.
Play continues as long as interest holds.
Play continues back and forth until a player makes an error, thus losing the game.
Play continues back and forth until all the questions are answered.
Play continues by discarding one card at a time until a player knocks twice on the table.
Play continues clockwise around the board.
Play continues clockwise for a while, then is switched to counterclockwise.
Play continues clockwise until all the books have been made.
Play continues clockwise until the game is over.
Play continues clockwise.
Play continues for a set period of time with the player with most points declared the winner.
Play continues for a set time and the team with the highest score wins.
Play continues for a set time or for a set number of kills and the monster is changed.
Play continues for a set time or until everyone knows the secret.
Play continues for as many innings as time permits.
Play continues for as many rounds as needed until the championship has been determined.
Play continues for several rounds with players rotating the roles of calculator and card holders.
Play continues for three minutes.
Play continues for two complete sets.
Play continues from em.
Play continues from there.
Play continues in a clockwise direction .
Play continues in a clockwise direction around the board.
Play continues in a clockwise direction.
Play continues in a clockwise fashion from that point.
Play continues in clockwise order around the table.
Play continues in clockwise order.
Play continues in order without the staked out ball.
Play continues in rounds until everyone is caught.
Play continues in the proper order.
Play continues in the same way as in the first phase, except that no cards are drawn from the stock.
Play continues in the water.
Play continues normally until one of the players claims that the opponent made an illegal move.
Play continues normally.
Play continues on subsequent holes until only a survivor remains.
Play continues regardless.
Play continues there.
Play continues through the end of the month.
Play continues through tomorrow's final round.
Play continues throughout the day and evening with flexible dinner breaks.
Play continues till all cards are matched.
Play continues to determine correct order of all cards.
Play continues to each player's left.
Play continues to the last track, then repeats.
Play continues to the left so the winner goes last.
Play continues to the left with each player playing a card.
Play continues to the left, unless a five, the change of direction card was drawn.
Play continues to the left.
Play continues to the next player.
Play continues to the player on the left.
Play continues to the right.
Play continues to transfer from one box to the other.
Play continues today.
Play continues until mathematical elimination.
Play continues until two players are out of cards.
Play continues when both teams are ready.
Play continues with a bet as in normal seven card stud.
Play continues with a new word.
Play continues with a rolling showdown.
Play continues with each girl adding an additional feature until everyone has had at least one turn.
Play continues with player on the left.
Play continues with several children providing substitutes for the designated word.
Play continues with the new stock pile.
Play continues with the next dealer until the end of the board is reached.
Play continues with the person after the one who made the discard.
Play continues with the player who was next to play when the last card was taken.
Play continues with the rest of the players.
Play continues with the second group.
Play continues with the total never going beyond ninety-nine.
Play continues with the winning players until there is an ultimate winner.
Play encompasses themes of abortion, lesbian prostitution, self-hatred, and maternal incest.
Play ends with rests.
Play ends with stops.
Play generates joy and replenishes and revitalizes our human spirit.
Play generates joy.
Play helps fawns strengthen their muscles and reflexes that are critical for escaping predators.
Play helps make their lives as normal as possible.
Play increases social learning and interactive maturity and it develops gross and fine motor skills.
Play is actions.
Play is by means of the keyboard.
Play is diversion.
Play is dramatic work
Play is fun.
Play is located in theaters.
Play is located in theatres.
Play is magazines.
Play is motivated by the goal of fun.
Play is motivated by the goal of play.
Play is motivated by the goal of tos.
Play is shows.
Play is touch.
Play is use.
Play lists support drag and drop between the finder.
Play passes clockwise.
Play passes counterclockwise.
Play passes immediately.
Play proceeds clockwise and the next player receives the felt bag.
Play proceeds immediately to building and deal making.
Play promotes muscle development and physical coordination.
Play provides opportunities for learning in enjoyable situations.
Play remains Play in all configurations.
Play resumes today.
Play resumes tomm.
Play rotates anticlockwise as stated before.
Play sounds asynchronously.
Play sounds forward forward, reverse, and in a loop.
Play sounds when connected, disconnected and when connection is idle.
Play starts .
Play starts again.
Play starts as the leader throws the can as far as possible.
Play starts at either board.
Play starts at noon each day.
Play starts at one end.
Play starts at the beginning of each hour.
Play starts at the bottom and goes up from there.
Play starts at the left of the dealer and continues clockwise.
Play starts from any mode in less than a second.
Play starts from service of one player.
Play starts going Up .
Play starts in a counterclockwise direction but once in open space can proceed in any direction.
Play starts on a go command, so there is a big wave of people trying to get across.
Play starts to the left of the dealer and rotates in a clockwise manner.
Play starts to the left of the dealer.
Play starts when the players put three beans into each of the small cups on their own sides.
Play starts when the umpire throws in the ball between the two lines.
Play starts, and resumes after each goal, at center field with a center kick.
Play works essentially like a miniatures game.
Plays .aifc, .aiff, and other sound files.
Plays also come to New York from elsewhere.
Plays also have the advantage that they can be recorded, broadcast and distributed.
Plays appeal to young students for their immediacy and brevity.
Plays are about conflict and desire.
Plays are about people and their struggle to achieve their desires.
Plays are about people in relationships.
Plays are alive.
Plays are always unfinished.
Plays are an intrinsic combination of words, meanings, actions, inventions, and so much more.
Plays are copied and assigned to directors.
Plays are fun, too.
Plays are in textual form, as scripts, or audio.
Plays are like the hall of mirrors at an amusement park.
Plays are likely to have a gay theme even when they are conventional post-Broadway fare.
Plays are on themes of classical stories of the culture.
Plays are only possible by the communication between actor and audience.
Plays are outstanding.
Plays are plays.
Plays are richly rewarding for hearing the audience reaction.
Plays are short enough to be completed in one class period.
Plays are shown by suit and rank, except if following to the suit led, only the rank is given.
Plays are to be acted each followed by themes of the text to class discussion.
Plays are to be performed.
Plays are to be written, produced, and performed by studnets.
Plays are usually more social, involving relationships between characters.
Plays are video taped for others, or presented to other classes.
Plays badminton non-competitively.
Plays belong to the genre of drama.
Plays can be an enjoyable and effective tool to improve reading.
Plays can be e-mailed or phoned in.
Plays can be experimental in nature and expand the boundaries of the traditional box set.
Plays can be mysterious.
Plays can be very interesting because they can be understood in many different ways.
Plays can help to bring the Revolutionary War to life.
Plays catch with toys.
Plays come from experience, imagination and knowledge.
Plays come in all forms and fashions.
Plays consist of acts, scenes, speeches, stage directions, cast lists, and so forth.
Plays contain conflict of one kind or another.
Plays darn good, considering the price.
Plays depict a variety of Jamaican experiences.
Plays depict avariety of Jamaican experiences.
Plays don t make players.
Plays DVDs that other players have problems with.
Plays fairly Has an equal opportunity to play.
Plays guitar and harmonica.
Plays guitar and sings.
Plays guitar and usually sings the bass line.
Plays guitar tab, demonstrates fingerings.
Plays guitar well and has a furry baritone.
Plays guitar, banjo, etc.
Plays guitar, bass, a little piano.
Plays guitar, bass, keyboards, composes music and sings.
Plays guitar, enjoys music of all kinds, hunting, fixing and using computers.
Plays guitar, harmonica, as well as upright bass.
Plays guitar, sings and rants a lot.
Plays have a synopsis, staging and costume suggestions, and vocabulary.
Plays have an immediacy that is lacking in a piece of written text.
Plays have to be run correctly.
Plays hide and seek.
Plays Includes the full text of ten plays, including A Soldier's Play, Home, and The River Niger.
Plays live in web browser .
Plays made on the batter attempting to reach first base is always a force plays.
Plays make wonderful presents, anytime.
Plays offers links to on-line plays.
Plays performed are original Faroese plays and translated plays.
Plays proceeds clockwise.
Plays proceeds in clockwise order.
Plays provide moral and social instruction along with entertainment.
Plays Provides royalty-free plays and skits for schools and libraries.
Plays racquetball regularly.
Plays range from classics of the theatre to contemporary plays to experimental pieces.
Plays run better than pass.
Plays secure content from top music Web sites .
Plays shows around South Jersey area.
Plays Sobell large rosewood mandolin and small octave mandolin.
Plays sonatina or invention accurately at an appropriate tempo.
Plays sound for new email.
Plays spin adeptly but also gets out to it a lot.
Plays stream up and down urinal, tries to hit fly or bug.
Plays stream up, down and accross urinals, tries to hit fly or bug.
Plays stream up, down and across urinals, tries to hit fly or bug.
Plays stream up, down and across urinals, tries to hit fly or mosquito.
Plays take up to six months to read and be considered.
Plays then appear on the full screen.
Plays typically present a dream-like state of the major character.
Plays typically run from five to eight weeks.
Plays ultimate in a vest.
Plays wargames and strategy boardgames.
Plays work best when there are no tip-offs to what is coming.
Plays work better when everyone can shoot well.
Plays written by a class or a group of students are ineligible.
Plays written for youth are simple stories about universal experiences.
Play always proceeds clockwise.
Plays often show conversations between people.
Plays usually begin in festivities or happiness, and end in tragedy.
All play is by reservation only.
All play is level.
All play is limited to one hour.
All play is okay.
All play is on the pass line, and usually double odds are taken.
All play is on the tiles.
All play is scratch.
All play is subject to course rules and starting requirement, i.e. dress code, etiquette.
All play is subject to local club rules and regulations.
All play is team play.
All play is with a softball.
All play requires interaction of some sort.
All plays are available in the campus bookstore.
All plays are original works.
All plays are subject to change.
All plays are suitable for teenagers.
All plays are welcome.
All plays have a religious message.
All plays have a single set.
Any play has a rhythm and melody.
Any play is a poor one.
Every play comes down to a battle between individuals working in the confines of a team.
Every play depends on a split decision at the line.
Every play has a chance to be a dazzler.
Every play has a dominant mood or atmosphere.
Every play including the free pick are of the same quality and the same rating.
Every play involves much more than the average pass and catch.
Every play is a hearing, a court case, and every court case is a war.
Every play is a point, so the crowd gets into it a little more, and it's more suspenseful.
Every play is a showdown between the pitcher and the batter, like the final gunfight in a movie.
Every play is an opportunity for Texas.
Every play is analyzed from every point of view.
Every play is designed to be a touchdown.
Every play is important and they have to pay attention to detail.
Every play is tough.
Every play is very, very stressful.
Every play requires a calculation.
Every play requires a great deal of time and effort by a great many people.
Every play requires undivided focus.
Every play stands as some sort of landmark.
Every play typically involves the direct presentation of actions and words by characters on a stage.
Many plays have dance or tumbling elements which require a very specific spacing of elements.
Many plays tell a complete story, while others are scarcely more than fragmental dance pieces.
More play requires more quarters.
Most play is at the home field, excepting Festivals.
Most plays are either low-yard gainers or losses or long run touchdowns.
Most plays contain one set.
Some play is imitative of adults.
Some plays are merely absurd and the quicker they limp to the final curtain the better.
Some plays are more suited for one back compared to another.
Some plays are obscure without some idea of the intent of the playwright or the style of the piece.
Some plays are simply humor on life in our times such as seeking a job and survival.
Some plays are superlative, others mediocre or worse.
Some plays contain profanity and themes related to teenage pregnancy, premarital sex, and so on.
Some plays feature two wide receivers, others as many as five.
Some plays get straight to the point.
Some plays have themes of ghosts and magic.
Some plays incorporate a deep route to help open up the short passing lane.
Some plays require multiple rewinds.
Some plays run in place.
Playable strings are usually very elastic.
All playback devices introduce extraneous noise into the sound produced during playback.
Playback dimensions are scalable without affecting the file size.
Playback equipment allows visitors to listen to the recordings.
Playback equipment is available in the library.
Playback equipment is available.
Playback fidelity varies with network connection.
Playback model runs to see how animals move through the environment while foraging.
Playback options deal with volume.
Playback quality is dependent on the card and speakers used.
Playback quality is determined by a computer's processor, hard drive, memory, and video card.
Playback quality is exceptional.
Playback quality is fine, but about once a second, the image halts for a fraction of a second.
Playback rates are continuously variable.
Playback results are available as a slideshow or immediate access to the Web site desired.
Playback sound is intermittent or choppy.
Playback speed is a particularly important and often ignored issue.
Playback stations are available for individual and group use.
Playback time is immediate and can last for minutes.
Playback timing can either reflect actual recording time or be adjusted to different values.
Playback view shows current cue, two previous, and two cues on deck.
A playbill is a bill
A playbill is a programme
Playbill is also online.
PlayBill is the leading industry periodical for casting opportunities and theatre news.
Playbill is the most engaging introduction to drama and language arts that is possible .
Playbill only performs in well-equipped legitimate theatres.
Playbill seems to be back up.
Playbills are bills.
Playbills are programs.
A playbook is a strategy
Playbooks are tiny.
Playbooks are unique to each coach.
A playbox is a box
Playbox also hosts workshops and seminars for the performing arts industries.
Playbox is a 'modest' theatre company, depending on government support, grants and sponsorship.
Playbox is interesting as it presents mostly Australian plays and stories.
Playboxs are boxs.
Playboy magazine can take a good beating in the bathroom.
Playboy magazine does it too.
Playboy magazine is a general-interest magazine for men and offers a balanced variety of features.
Playboy magazine is no longer available in the cassette format, but can be ordered in Braille.
A playboy is a pleasure seeker
Playboy believes in freedom of opinion, freedom of choice, freedom of speech.
Playboy centerfold each one an expert at knowing exactly what customers want.
Playboy joins the battle of the sexes'.
Playboy represents an intelligent step away from mindless adherence to social construction.
Playboy sets a standard of beauty that is both unrealistic and unnatural.
Playboys are hedonists.
Playboys are magazines.
Playboys make incompetent diplomats.
A playday is leisure
Playdays are open to everyone.
PlayDays can take on many dimensions depending on the other events that are scheduled.
Playdays have unlimited potential that is directly dependent on the individuals involved.
Playeds is films.
Player character can obtain items, which affect their parameters and abilities.
Player characters can also have a specific attribute by using special items.
Player characters gain experience and retain equipment gained.
Player characters have a place in the potentially dramatic and exciting setting.
Player characters interact with local NPCs in a way that they don t with buildings or terrain.
All player characters are properties of their respective creators.
Player one goes first.
Player one is in a very good position.
A player piano is a piano
Player piano rolls for orchestrions.
Player pianos are books.
Player pianos are the perfect backdrop to watch old flip films.
Player pianos are wonderful machines.
Player pianos use a roll of paper with holes in the paper to tell it when to play certain notes.
Player pianos use pure on-off digital logic to store sound.
Most player pianos are tubed basically the same way.
All player positions are final.
Player software is a small part of the HDTV PC requirements.
A player is a contestant
Player agrees to receive periodic email correspondence from the casino management.
Player are cards and registration forms are being submitted without being properly filled out.
Player are free.
Player are responsible for playing the advertising materials.
Player ask for step by step instructions.
Player asks where to go.
Player becomes available for other operating systems.
Player bets that one or more of the three dice shows a value equal to the number bet on.
Player blocks the serve.
Player blows off some steam, walks away, leaves field of play with no further incident.
Player calls for desired suit or another number.
Player can build bridges in some of the locations to cross the river.
Player can 'cash out'.
Player can combine two monsters together to create a new, stronger monster.
Player can create potions and elixirs using herbs and other components.
Player can decorate cup as well.
Player can direct the ball with consistency and depth on moderate shots.
Player can double down on any number of cards, even after splits.
Player can double down on any number of cards, even after splitting.
Player can drop a white floor by mouse clicking.
Player can either can meet the girl in the school club or meet by recommendation of the friend.
Player can find tank in different place by searching , bought by money or made by NPCs .
Player can find tank in different place by searching, bought by money or made by NPCs.
Player can find their sweet spot based on technique and music style.
Player can go out with some girls in the game.
Player can join the view of a passenger or driver.
Player can marry each other.
Player can no longer hit themselves when throwing mines.
Player can now connect at any point in the game.
Player can now fuel the rocket.
Player can only see one of the dealer's cards.
Player can pick any cars that previously appeared in the game for the practice race.
Player can pull darts off with approval of marker.
Player can randomly choose from songs on playlist.
Player can ride worms if they choose the right race.
Player can search for realm with a ravenloft logo and place it in hand.
Player can select from three skill levels, if desired.
Player can still play any position except pitcher.
Player can tell dealer to pick up the card turned up, or pass.
Player can upgrade the ship, the shields, the generator, and the weapons.
Player changes for one reason or another happen all the time.
Player chases down the ball and hovers nears human player if human player has the ball.
Player chooses a person to curse .
Player comes with both headphones and earbuds.
Player contacts the ball below the waist.
Player continues as a server until side out is called.
Player counts first in the totaling of hands also.
Player crouches to meet low ball.
Player displays the smallest size with minimal data.
Player dives to opposite low post.
Player does nothing.
Player dumps water into cup and passes the spoon to next player.
Player enters the game, and goes through character creation.
Player equipped with a counter is required to complete the course.
Player experiences no friction.
Player fails to clearly strike the ball.
Player fields the ball and throws the ball back to the shagger on that side of the tosser.
Player follows with another card.
Player gains an increased awareness of science, anatomy, medicine and first aid.
Player gains one point for each Correct answer clicked.
Player gives orders to their allies and companions, but can also sink and board enemy ships alone.
Player goes to first base dugout to await turn at bat.
Player have option for box lunch.
Player having the best combination of three cards is a winner.
Player hits the approach shot and takes a couple of more steps toward the net.
Player hits the ball down the line and moves in.
Player holds a ball in hands, with back to the goal.
Player initiates a new play by inserting a coin, pulling the handle, or hitting the 'spin' button.
Player is a big-time horse owner in South Africa. . . .
Player is a bit easy, but multi is a joy to play.
Player is a fast media player and picture viewer.
Player is a free download and is available now.
Player is a free media player.
Player is a great program that anyone can use to listen to music.
Player is a little less than stellar.
Player is a paper on the subject that gives concise descriptions of many parts of digital audio.
Player is also an accomplished golf course designer.
Player is compatible with all popular web browsers and requires no plug-ins.
Player is host of the game.
Player is in the center with a ball and is it.
Player is ineligible to play for the team conducting the tryout.
Player is invincible.
Player is probably the best strip on the web today.
Player is responsible for all applicable Internet fees.
Player is responsible for Internet access.
Player is sent off the field.
Player is solely responsible for all applicable Internet related fees and charges.
Player is solely responsible for all applicable Internet-related fees and charges.
Player is unable to bowl from a standing position.
Player isa individual.
Player isa person.
Player isa somebody.
Player isa someone.
Player keeps trying until the bottle either stands up or rolls off the board.
Player killing which results from legitimate roleplay is no problem.
Player landing on space with a square inside takes a fact card and reads it aloud.
Player laughs insanely.
Player launches a web browser and points it to a game site, such as the Dollar Bay site.
Player listed in first slot is the pair s representative and team captain.
Player lists for each team are available here .
Player looks at card, then bets any amount of beer, a large shot glass is usually a good limit.
Player looks cool.
Player loses bet, insurance bet is lost.
Player loses half of their bet.
Player moves the silver ball around the park by mastering four different levels.
Player moves to shortstop and fields three ground balls, throws to first.
Player moves to the scenes to seek evidence and get the information from the people concerned .
Player moves to the scenes to seek evidence and get the information from the people concerned.
Player needs good sense of pitch .
Player needs good sense of pitch.
Player needs to be flexible and coordinated in order to create stroke.
Player needs to be seen immediately by a physician.
Player never dies but looses health at the rate of toxic slime.
Player notes available.
Player now generates an error.
Player now goes to one knee.
Player now remembers the state of the Fullscreen option.
Player now stands with glove arm closest to partner, and feet shoulder width apart.
Player nudges other columns to choose a balanced diet.
Player passes ball to setter.
Player picks number or color for ball to roll upon.
Player pitches the ball to the coach at the wing, just outside the three-point line.
Player pitches the ball to the coach, who is standing just outside the three-point line.
Player pivots the body so that the shoulder of the nonracket-bearing arm faces the net.
Player posts up for five shots, same routine.
Player preferences to personalize the way the player operates.
Player profiles with detailed statistical breakdowns.
Player quickly sense a good judgment, courage, consistency, and understanding and react accordingly.
Player ranks consists of two parts.
Player receives a complimentary drink.
Player receives another ball and passes back to target.
Player receives last ball and shuffles in front of ball.
Player receives one point for each target hit.
Player receives three cards face down.
Player records true scores.
Player relinquishes entry and fees into the next event in which they are registered.
Player remains on the baseline for a total of two shots before moving in.
Player reserves the right to reject any item.
Player resumes at the center line with the non-scoring team in control of the ball.
Player rolls dice to determine how many spaces to advance.
Player rolls the dice.
Player rotate so that all three defend the passes.
Player runs back to mid-court, fill lane on break, shapes up in post and finishes.
Player runs foreward, hits the approach shot, then moves back to the starting position.
Player runs forward to hit the backhand approach, then moves back to the starting position.
Player runs to the net and puts the ball away.
Player runs towards the ball.
Player seems to be a simple a browser window.
Player sees couch in level.
Player selects games for checking.
Player selects options for amounts of draws being checked.
Player sinks ball other than marked ball first.
Player sinks opponent's ball.
Player sprints back to line.
Player sprints the length of the court and dives into post.
Player sprints to mid-court while coach rebounds.
Player squats so that both elbows rest on both thighs for balance.
Player stands near the basket with the ball in both hands and taps the backboard three times.
Player stands under the basket with the ball in both hands and taps the backboard five times.
Player stands with both feet about two and a half feet apart.
Player stands with legs spread about two and a half feet apart.
Player start ill and race to first one healthy.
Player starts in either corner, sprints to mid-court and touches.
Player starts juggling the ball with back to the defender.
Player starts with zero and add points for each dart trown.
Player stats on back.
Player stays on the base until the ball is hit.
Player steps forward and pulls ball forward over head.
Player steps out from behind a boulder.
Player still rave about the greenside pathways that provide for ample bump and run opportunities.
Player stops, hits the approach shot and continues moving diagonally toward the net.
Player supports streaming.
Player swings back and forth.
Player takes a suggestion from the audience and gets three basic emotions from the audience.
Player takes everything in the pot.
Player takes half of what is in the pot.
Player takes half the tokens.
Player takes the whole pot.
Player throws ball over head, turns and volleys or half-volleys ball into the goal.
Player tosses ball underhand to a partner who works on backhand or forehand ground stroke form.
Player tossing the second closest to the cup goes next, and so forth.
Player tries to make money by making a product.
Player tries to set the ball on receive of serve.
Player tries to shoot or set up teammate for a shot.
Player walks by couch without giving it a second thought.
Player walks to the guildmaster and asks for a quest.
Player wins hand, insurance bet is lost.
Player wins second tie.
Player wins two times out of three.
Player works with other products.
Players absorb positive examples of how to stay calm in anger-provoking situations.
Players accept roles.
Players accept that.
Players access realtime information on which to make wagering decisions for profit.
Players access the game site, find other players, and start playing.
Players accuse owners of hiding money.
Players acknowledge that playing is for their personal entertainment.
Players acquire chances.
Players acquire treasure cards by opening treasure chests.
Players act as commanders.
Players act as themselves.
Players act individually to gather trophies on the field.
Players act out the words with gestures, no talking, and the other players guess what the word is.
Players activate buzzer with thumb.
Players activate the bottle by rubbing a special infrared sensor and taking off the lid.
Players actually battle in the field of soccer but they shake hands at the end of the match.
Players actually make many friends from other schools and other clubs.
Players add all three numbers for each game.
Players add their remainders.
Players adjust detailed tables of parts, cost per unit, and selling prices.
Players adopt boundedly rational rules of behaviour and update their strategy choices with inertia.
Players advance an oval ball by running with it or kicking it.
Players advance each time a word is spelled correctly.
Players advance one base for each correct response and earn an out for each incorrect one.
Players advance stage by stage to different levels by shooting a certain number of targets.
Players advance the ball by passing or dribbling.
Players advance the ball by running with the ball, passing it, or kicking it.
Players advance their counters around the board using the counts on the dice.
Players advance through a bracket system.
Players advance through various games of chance, most of which are still being developed.
Players agonize over club selection here because there is no margin for error.
Players agree that the coaching has been tougher than they have even seen, but it's working.
Players agree to cooperate based on mutual understanding of rules.
Players agree to fight by dropping their gloves.
Players agree to the league s salary compensation upon signing the contract.
Players aim paintball guns and shoot paint-filled paintballs at each other.
Players aim the paintball guns and shoot paint-filled paintballs at each other.
Players aim to roll their bocce ball as close to a smaller ball called the pallino.
Players align in a pre-set position.
Players already are busy swinging into action on the local golfing ranges.
Players also accepts tax deductible donations of costumes, props, supplies and services.
Players also alternate who hits off the tee box.
Players also begin to learn the different positions on the field and the basic rules of baseball.
Players also bow to referees after games.
Players also buy in to what they are taught by coaches.
Players also can plan their own missions.
Players also compete for individual rankings.
Players also compete for thousands of dollars in scholarship money.
Players also differ by strategy.
Players also differ in many different ways be it mentally, physically or even emotionally.
Players also explore the habitats and behaviors of species that are found in Southern Alaska.
Players also features a lobby cart which serves specialty items for breakfast and lunch . . .
Players also find clues at web sites.
Players also get a lot of requests.
Players also get in the cage and maintain their batting strokes.
Players also get to attempt to recover effectiveness.
Players also get to choose from several modes of play including Championship and Story.
Players also get to hook up with characters from the film.
Players also get to make two moves at a time.
Players also grasp the power of alternatives such as competition, compromise and collaboration.
Players also have a chat interface to discuss group formation together using natural language.
Players also have absolute control over the replays themselves.
Players also have access to changing rooms and a full-service roller hockey pro shop on premises.
Players also have complete control over who they fight.
Players also have direct access to on-line tools, such as spreadsheets, from the game environment.
Players also have the ability to log out instantly using the quit command.
Players also have the ability to pick up and drop objects which they find.
Players also have the chances to take off and land on aircraft carriers.
Players also have the opportunity to send questions to the suspects and receive answers via e-mail.
Players also have the option of hooking up to the Internet for network play.
Players also have the option to create their own.
Players also have the option to practice the games on their computers either online or offline.
Players also have the option to set the timer for how often the pup is hungry or wants to play.
Players also have their own views of the referees.
Players also have to monitor pieces along a horizontal plane also.
Players also have to overcome a burn to reach the green.
Players also have to write neatly , and avoid using of uncommon nicknames .
Players also have to write neatly, and avoid using of uncommon nicknames.
Players also learn social skills and the value of patience, discipline and good sportsmanship.
Players also learn that decisions on how to manage lakes are difficult and often require compromise.
Players also lift weights after practice.
Players also offers courses in acting, music and creative writing .
Players also pinch off a small piece of kisoot to stop the drone pipes.
Players also place one large obstacle each within a restricted area of their side of the board.
Players also practice by taking lots of shots.
Players also receive bonuses for winning games during the season, the playoffs and the championship.
Players also share a larger responsibility to maintain and improve the image of cricket.
Players also shoot in both prone and kneeling positions.
Players also swap ends in a third game when the score reaches eight.
Players also tend to get injured sliding into a base, particularly when they slide headfirst.
Players also try to knock their opponents' balls away from the pallino.
Players also turn up in the video room between periods.
Players also use the vast computer center in the school s library .
Players also use the vast computer center in the school's library.
Players also vary in size like the real guys.
Players also wave and trough away their flags.
Players also wear white uniforms in one day matches.
Players alternate between receiving cards and betting until someone feels they have the best hand.
Players alternate between shots after teeing off.
Players alternate between the front and back stacks.
Players alternate casting spells, which can take place at any point in the bound.
Players alternate each phase either moving, firing or fighting.
Players alternate hits.
Players alternate moves until the last possible segment is drawn.
Players alternate moves.
Players alternate off every tee, one man taking the odd numbers, the other the even.
Players alternate placing pentominos on the board.
Players alternate placing pieces on board.
Players alternate placing pieces.
Players alternate placing stones on the intersection points.
Players alternate placing stones on the intersections.
Players alternate placing their marks on open spots.
Players alternate placing their wooden disks on any empty circle of the game board.
Players alternate placing vertices on a square grid.
Players alternate playing the ball back to the opponent's side.
Players alternate receiving services during a game.
Players alternate seeding one card each until both pass.
Players alternate taking turns drawing and playing or responding to another players actions.
Players alternate taking turns moving and fighting with the miniatures.
Players alternate taking turns moving and fighting with the pieces.
Players alternate their throws and carry on where they left off.
Players alternate turns until one or both have bingo.
Players alternate, dropping a colored disk down a column until it is prevented from falling further.
Players alternate, even if the questions are answered correctly.
Players alternate, taking only one shot per turn.
Players alternately place hex counters on the board.
Players alternately place the pegs in any hole on the board.
Players alternately play one building element of their choice.
Players analyze moves, plan ahead, solve problems, and devise strategies.
Players animate superbly and are unquestionably some of the best seen on a sports game to date.
Players announce they have formed words by placing the cards face down on the table.
Players answer basic ag questions by stepping on the right picture.
Players answer fun questions and build bracelets.
Players answer increasingly tough multiple-choice questions, doubling their winnings as they go.
Players answer questions about discrimination, hate crimes, and hate group activity.
Players answer questions based on where the wheel stops.
Players answer questions that match the path section they are in.
Players answer the logic questions to convince the jury.
Players ante up three equal wagers and are dealt three cards open face.
Players appear to maneuver their way back and forth across the field.
Players apply technique to short shots and then gradually move back.
Players applying for membership and gaining accounts agree to be bound by the rules of the game.
Players appreciate difficulty.
Players appreciate the crowd and hope to offer some inspiration for aspiring youths.
Players approach shots are usually with a long iron into the deep narrow green.
Players approach that stuff a lot differently.
Players are a little tougher depending on the school.
Players are able to add their own personal resumes and their up to the minute schedules.
Players are able to battle monsters as well as each other as a means to improve stats and gain gold.
Players are able to capture ideas quickly by using the rhythm patterns provided.
Players are able to change their vehicle by using different parts.
Players are able to create different types of walls, moats, towers, gatehouses, and main keeps.
Players are able to design their own cities from the ground up.
Players are able to farm, breed livestock , grow crops and sell all assets created from farming.
Players are able to lift, clean, and place their ball when on the fairway or closely mown area.
Players are able to make tee times seven days in advance.
Players are able to participate in either a single-player or multiplayer game.
Players are able to pursue fleeing ships.
Players are able to talk, move around, pick items up, use items, and build items.
Players are able to tap into an intricate network of security cameras for tactical advantages.
Players are able to win by diplomacy.
Players are actually strapped in their seats and suffer the physical consequences of their actions.
Players are adept at picking up mistakes and inconsistencies.
Players are aliens on a mission to colonize the galaxy.
Players are almost all in favor of keeping it.
Players are also able to extensively customize the attributes of their vehicles.
Players are also able to replay their games at a later time .
Players are also able to replay their games at a later time.
Players are also fortunate enough to have their wives and significant others along during the trip.
Players are also free to ignore turn based combat and fight monsters in real lime mode.
Players are also much more willing to suspend disbelief in a single player game.
Players are also optimistic about the upcoming season and the rebuilding of the program.
Players are also responsible for calling their own fouls.
Players are also responsible for keeping all scheduling e-mail.
Players are always aware of their current status in the game.
Players are always disappointed when they leave.
Players are always the last to know.
Players are always welcome and encouraged to stop by our office in New York.
Players are always welcome.
Players are American unless stated otherwise.
Players are angry.
Players are anxious to keep that good feeling going.
Players are around the net and battle around the net.
Players are asked multiple choice questions with four possible answers .
Players are asked multiple choice questions with four possible answers.
Players are available for all teams.
Players are available for televisions and computers.
Players are available freely for most machines.
Players are available to track opponents making forward runs.
Players are aware of the long shot, but they still want to play for a bigger prize.
Players are back to back each with a ball.
Players are better in general.
Players are bigger and faster.
Players are bigger and stronger, and that s a factor in increased distance.
Players are bigger, equipment is better and space on the ice is becoming more limited.
Players are bigger, faster and stronger at that level and it takes some time to get used to.
Players are bigger, faster stronger.
Players are bigger, faster, stronger.
Players are bigger, quicker, stronger and demonstrate more skill.
Players are bigger, stronger and faster.
Players are bigger, stronger and more talented.
Players are bigger.
Players are blue and gold.
Players are carried off the field.
Players are cautioned with a yellow card, and dismissed from the game with a red card.
Players are certainly happy to play for big bucks, but there certainly are other opinions.
Players are certainly out to make more money so they at least try to turn it up a notch.
Players are cheaper and better than ever.
Players are Chicago era mobsters trying to make off with briefcases full of stolen loot.
Players are clean and ready to sleep.
Players are constantly in motion.
Players are contestants.
Players are cynical and skeptical.
Players are deeply pessimistic.
Players are different.
Players are divided according to age and skill level and goalkeeper and team training are available.
Players are divorced and become heart and home sick.
Players are each responsible for one section of the wall.
Players are easily able to perform just about any legal move they can think of.
Players are easy to motivate when they are prepared.
Players are electronic devices.
Players are eligible at a position only for seasons in which they primarily played that position.
Players are eligible for all-star play, if selected, in tournaments that correspond to their age.
Players are eligible for both team and individual prizes.
Players are eligible only after they have been retired from the game for at least three years.
Players are eligible to be drafted after their junior year.
Players are eligible to be elected five years after retiring.
Players are eligible to join the watch list throughout the season.
Players are eligible to play on more than one team.
Players are eligible to win a weekly prize.
Players are encourage to bring their own golf clubs.
Players are encouraged, training times are regular etc.
Players are equally particular about the quality of the court on which games take place.
Players are excited about the cables for many reasons.
Players are excited about the change.
Players are excited and vocal, always shouting encouragement to their teammates.
Players are exempt, but that's about it.
Players are fitter and the all round intensity levels have gone up a lot.
Players are fitter, faster and more physical and crowds are becoming louder and more parochial.
Players are for dessert.
Players are for hire.
Players are free to change their decks around any way they please in between matches.
Players are free to develop in the areas they choose.
Players are free to discuss whatever they want in their own house.
Players are free to establish characters as they wish throughout the game and die many times.
Players are free to join for a nominal fee and participate in training and social events only.
Players are free to make secret treaties.
Players are free to make up mutiple owners.
Players are free to move anywhere within stages.
Players are free to move during dead time.
Players are free to offer on any number of outstanding issues.
Players are free to place walls, defenses, traps, and ornaments where ever they'd like.
Players are free to wear skull caps in their team's colors.
Players are free.
Players are frequently paranoid about privacy.
Players are from all walks of life and include old-timers, beginners, and experineced players.
Players are from the USA unless otherwise noted.
Players are given four lives .
Players are given four lives.
Players are given seven letter tiles chosen at random.
Players are guys that learn the techniques of playing and know how to do it exactly.
Players are half-awake in the morning, and fading out at night.
Players are happy to give autographs and visit with the fans.
Players are happy with par here.
Players are happy, court builders are happy and sporting goods firms are bubbling.
Players are high level, but some limited items are available.
Players are human after all, and there are nights when that killer-instinct stare wanders a bit.
Players are human.
Players are humans, too.
Players are in a circle.
Players are in age group divisions.
Players are in and out of huddles quickly.
Players are in charge of a country's economic policies.
Players are in charge.
Players are in circle formation, facing in.
Players are in one of four groups near the sideboards at the blue lines.
Players are in position, linemen are frozen, and anything is possible.
Players are in shape when they report now.
Players are in the freeball position.
Players are in the XFL trying to get noticed.
Players are in two lines on each side of the ice, from the blue line down, facing the end boards.
Players are in two lines.
Players are just pawns in the game.
Players are kinder to themselves in accepting their errors.
Players are knowledgeable about volleyball and usually bump, set, and spike.
Players are leaders in large scale factions - governments, religious orders or magical colleges.
Players are less aggressive in the offensive zone, defenders tend to hang back.
Players are liable and responsible for all rental equipment.
Players are limited to one answer per question.
Players are limited to one singles and one doubles.
Players are limited to two events.
Players are located in sporting events.
Players are located in stadiums.
Players are mechanical devices.
Players are miked, people are right in the heat of it.
Players are mixed about their expectations for the trip.
Players are more comfortable staying at home with families.
Players are more concerned about how they play than with what they wear.
Players are more likely to be injured due to foul play than fair play.
Players are more loyal to their ball clubs.
Players are more optimistic than they've been in several seasons.
Players are more sophisticated now.
Players are more vocal on impact, screaming painful shrieks upon taking brutal hits.
Players are most concerned with joining high school teammates when selecting colleges.
Players are mostly black.
Players are much bigger and can skate.
Players are much easier to control and gameplay is smooth and intuitive.
Players are much more accessible after the game.
Players are much more detailed than in previous versions.
Players are much more scarce and the talent pool is so thinned out it more resembles a puddle.
Players are never put out of the game, they simply move around based on their catches and misses.
Players are newbie friendly, and many limited items are available.
Players are no different than anybody else.
Players are no longer players - they are assets.
Players are now able to tune, as they play, without the use of tuning rings or additional barrels.
Players are now in a professional environment .
Players are now more well-paid than ever.
Players are objects, too, and so are the furniture, things, notes, and other things.
Players are of all abilities from ex-professional down to beginners.
Players are of course free to vote for passing if they feel that going first is a disadvantage.
Players are of various abilities and nationalities from beginners through advanced level players.
Players are often anonymous fictional players or historical All Stars.
Players are often reluctant to discuss their concerns with parents, friends, and coaches.
Players are on teams according to their grade.
Players are on the court for five-minute stretches.
Players are on their way.
Players are only eligible at the position listed.
Players are only to use pump guns, no semis.
Players are out after three losses.
Players are out there because they truly love the game, and our players really exemplify that.
Players are out to get a full set of snaps of the wild jungle animals prowling the board.
Players are out when their balloons hit the floor or are swatted out of bounds.
Players are part of teams.
Players are participants in a road rally across Mexico.
Players are passionate about the game, and they're convincing.
Players are people who play the game, while 'immortals' are players who run the game, and are staff.
Players are people.
Players are permitted to ask two kinds of question.
Players are players, and they play off each other in a certain way.
Players are pretty good at hanging up their equipment.
Players are pretty uncomfortable with twisting and turning.
Players are professional.
Players are quite alert to factors that affect their playing time in most cases.
Players are ready with suggestions.
Players are really curious about the game.
Players are reluctant to compare teams from year to year.
Players are representatives who try to get their bills passed into law.
Players are respectful of each other.
Players are responible for determining whether a ticket is a winner.
Players are responsible for all applicable internet fees.
Players are responsible for all equipment checked out.
Players are responsible for all transactions on their account.
Players are responsible for all travel costs.
Players are responsible for arranging to bring tennis balls to their match.
Players are responsible for attending any games that they reasonably can.
Players are responsible for calling their own foul immediately after they happen.
Players are responsible for changing out their shoes for competition.
Players are responsible for checking the accuracy of tickets before leaving the store.
Players are responsible for contacting their opponent and scheduling a time to play.
Players are responsible for ensuring that they meet all eligibility requirements.
Players are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of their tickets.
Players are responsible for finding their first round match time.
Players are responsible for keeping their spectators under control.
Players are responsible for keeping track of their own score.
Players are responsible for knowing their match times.
Players are responsible for maintaining contact with tournament officials for all match times.
Players are responsible for making their own calls and resolving their own disputes.
Players are responsible for making their own calls.
Players are responsible for obtaining match times.
Players are responsible for obtaining playing times.
Players are responsible for obtaining their own match times.
Players are responsible for obtaining their own starting times.
Players are responsible for picking up there own schedules.
Players are responsible for protecting their own hand .
Players are responsible for providing their own tennis balls each day of play.
Players are responsible for raising money for uniforms, equipment, and traveling expenses.
Players are responsible for resolving any and all schedule conflicts with their opponents.
Players are responsible for rule knowledge.
Players are responsible for scheduling and playing all matches within the given time.
Players are responsible for setting up their own matches and reporting scores.
Players are responsible for sorting out their own combats, contests, and other forms of interaction.
Players are responsible for the conduct of their caddies.
Players are responsible for their advertising.
Players are responsible for their own balls.
Players are responsible for their own expenses at the tournament.
Players are responsible for their own foul and line calls.
Players are responsible for their own fouls and line calls and resolve their own disputes.
Players are responsible for their own meals and transportation.
Players are responsible for their own transportation costs. .
Players are responsible for withdrawing or playing off any funds, which are held in their account.
Players are responsible in getting to the field on their own.
Players are responsible to contact their opponent to set up a playing time.
Players are responsible to run down in their lanes regardless where the ball is kicked.
Players are richer than ever, but nobody seems to be having any fun at what they are doing.
Players are safe only on their respective home bases.
Players are selected on availability, there is no guarantee of the roster prior to the event.
Players are seniors unless noted.
Players are separate programs.
Players are set to make their own calls and partake in conflict resolution .
Players are set to make their own calls and partake in conflict resolution.
Players are setup as Agents of the Order.
Players are so realistic, stadium, pitch, all is superb.
Players are solid and defined.
Players are still able to interact with adult cats.
Players are still able to participate in game play even though gossip rights have been revoked.
Players are still eligible to sign with their teams before their cases go to arbitration.
Players are students who do health education and promotion through interactive theater.
Players are subject to large forces.
Players are subject to on-field chronograph and metal detector inspections.
Players are superstars in their own communities now.
Players are taller and, as a result, heavier.
Players are teammates against the computer.
Players are the heart of the game, but some great moments in baseball transcend individuals.
Players are the ones doing the shooting, and the fun comes from identifying with the killer.
Players are the ones that make the big plays when the game is on the line.
Players are the show and they've got sports by the throat.
Players are the sleuths who use the scientific methods to form and test theories.
Players are there because of the enticement of becoming rich.
Players are tired of waiting for a new stadium or a move elsewhere.
Players are to attend practice in adequate time to begin practice when scheduled.
Players are to be at the field ready to play unless otherwise notified.
Players are to be covered by their family policy.
Players are to be nominated in writing to one of the umpires before the toss .
Players are to be rotated among positions.
Players are to buy tickets in the pro shop.
Players are to conduct themselves properly at all times.
Players are to execute the various bunts the team employs.
Players are to form their own five-member teams.
Players are to respect all opponents calls of in or out.
Players are to respect all opponents' calls of in or out.
Players are to respect each other's foul calls.
Players are to wear shin guards with socks pulled up over.
Players are too busy doing endorsements and avoiding people.
Players are too close to things to have a good perspective.
Players are unavailable.
Players are unhappy on general principle.
Players are upbeat.
Players are usually of an above average intelligence, and are creative, analytical and tireless.
Players are usually of similar strength.
Players are ususally willing to sign and are fairly accessable.
Players are very affordable right now.
Players are very apt to get muddy.
Players are very superstitious and attached to there numbers.
Players are very suspicious of any game where it takes a long time to get a result.
Players are very welcome to get ahead of deadlines however, if all players agree to it.
Players are very young, and there's a very small window of opportunity.
Players are warriors, and their battlefield is the gridiron.
Players are welcome to attend and have a try.
Players are welcome to come out and practice at anytime during the season.
Players are welcome to place as many or as few different bets as they choose.
Players are welcome to play an account in each server.
Players are welcome to play either just for fun or for real money.
Players are welcome to submit battle reports and new army ideas.
Players are welcome to view the draw.
Players are well represented in regard to mannerisms and motion.
Players are willing to put their lives on the line for their fellow teammates and for a win.
Players are wont to push the rules.
Players are young, geographically separated, busy and often ignorant or confused about the issues.
Players are, therefore, never selecting the scorpion cards as they never stay on their stacks.
Players arm the catapult, aim and then fire on the siege tower.
Players arrange puzzle pieces into a variety of shapes while keeping track of all of the pieces.
Players arrive late or skip practice altogether.
Players arrive on the same page from different directions.
Players ask questions on the boards.
Players assemble at the line of scrimmage in an American football game.
Players assemble their own teams.
Players assess the cards in their hand.
Players assume all responsibility during any softball activity.
Players assume control of two members of a supply vessel sent from Earth to the colony.
Players assume roles as public or private actors in both state and non-state capacities.
Players assume roles ranging from tourist to industrialist to homeowner.
Players assume roles.
Players assume the role of a Hollywood stuntman who is hired to perform stunts for different films.
Players assume the role of a naval lieutenant who is betrayed by an evil kingdom.
Players assume the role of 'Little Devils' who balance on top of the dice like acrobats.
Players assume the role of Regina, a special forces operative.
Players assume the role of the film's tycoon by backing their favorite character.
Players assume the role of the main character, who, as the game begins, finds a strange book.
Players assume the role of the team coach.
Players assume the role of unwilling participants in future industrial accident documentaries.
Players assume the roles of citizens of the far future, with all their options wide open.
Players assume the roles of speculators in the unpredictable world of modern art.
Players assume the roll of mythological characters such as sorcerers and warriors.
Players attack each other's fortresses and steal money.
Players attack the offensive zone, trying to spread the defense out to attack a weaker area.
Players attack the opposite goal, trying to score.
Players attack using a combo system that can net up to three hits in a row.
Players attain rank from sergeant to general by accumulating kills and points.
Players attempt quizzes and try to climb the league.
Players attempt to bank the ball off the boards, earning points with each successful shot.
Players attempt to build a pipeline from faucet to spout.
Players attempt to deplete their own Tribble decks while preventing opponents from doing the same.
Players attempt to fashion robots that can prevail in any situation.
Players attempt to fling the ball for the greatest distance.
Players attempt to flip tiles in order to reveal matching religious pictures.
Players attempt to get a marble as close as possible to the hole without going in.
Players attempt to get each other to say the word taped to their back.
Players attempt to get four cards with the same picture in all four colors.
Players attempt to make a word without touching the cards.
Players attempt to match twelve pairs of phrases about an author's life events.
Players attempt to roll under their skill values to succeed.
Players attempt to score points by owning buildings, neighborhoods and the world's tallest building.
Players attest the team has become a mechanism for overcoming doubt and intimidation.
Players avoid unnecessary combat more often.
Players battle each other in a construction yard with bulldozers and cranes.
Players battle it out to see if motorcycle speedsters can outrun the fuzz.
Players battle it out to see if motorcycle speedsters can outrun the police.
Players battle it out underneath.
Players become a military recon unit of a human planetary empire.
Players become available at different times.
Players become bored.
Players become comfortable in a position and then they stay in that position.
Players become eligible by signing up online and by logging in for each game played.
Players become eligible for salary arbitration after three years of major-league service.
Players become entrepreneurs and experience both the successes and pitfalls of running a business.
Players become free agents.
Players become freelance pilots, selling their services to the highest bidder.
Players become part of a community that knows what it feels like when the shot is hit right.
Players become restricted free agents when they have completed three accrued seasons.
Players become stars, they want more money.
Players become stars.
Players become teams.
Players become the plant's coolant operator.
Players becoming invisible on a server when standing behind some objects is fixed.
Players begin at the beginning of time.
Players begin by choosing a character class and color.
Players begin by choosing a game piece.
Players begin by going through a series of rigorous training steps.
Players begin by milling around the room as the leader stands in the middle.
Players begin by placing one piece on any intersection.
Players begin by placing their tokens in the center of the board.
Players begin by writing in names around the board using the dry erase pen provided.
Players begin diving for the ball as it squirts back away from the goal line.
Players begin drill positioned at the center of one faceoff circle.
Players begin each day with a demanding technical training session.
Players begin each rally in set positions, three in the front court and three at the back.
Players begin participation in the fall semester to compete throughout the year.
Players begin the game by throwing one dart wrong handed to pick the number.
Players begin the game with between two and six characters.
Players begin the game with control of their capital, two galleys and ten sailors.
Players begin the game with nothing but a shed full of rusty tools, a few loose coins, and a pet.
Players begin the game with six tiles drawn randomly and a shield to hide the tiles behind.
Players begin the game with their pawns off the board.
Players begin their game by purchasing a memory card, on which to save their player data.
Players begin to act out a a scene based around that catastrophe happening.
Players begin to pair off as the linesman ushers Morrow off to the sin bin.
Players begin to realize shots can be stopped without over committing.
Players begin to speed walk to the finish line.
Players begin with a base character, which they train to Olympic level.
Players begin with king, bishop, knight, rook.
Players begin with the clues, usually found on the Internet.
Players begin, as always, by generating characters.
Players benefit as well.
Players benefit most when lesson are received during the off season.
Players bet and choose twice more, for a total of five cards.
Players bet and there is a final round of face up cards that players choose from.
Players bet before and after the draw.
Players bet credits on five lines next to the machine's three reels.
Players bet into the pot in the middle of the table and it is done in turn clockwise.
Players bet on their hands as usual for the round, and the winner takes the pot.
Players better enjoy the benign conditions while they can.
Players beware, because it's hard to escape while wiping sludge from the eyes.
Players bid by laying cards face up on the table.
Players bid secret amounts and select another player's colour.
Players blast asteroids while paying attention to fraction facts.
Players blast their way through mazes using shotguns, rocket launchers, even nail guns.
Players blow bubbles to trap enemies.
Players board buses.
Players born in the early months of the year have an advantage.
Players bounce on a trampoline, doing crazy tricks in the air.
Players bounce up and down.
Players bring a glove, favorite bat, etc.
Players bring their families to games, the kids grow up and come back and play in the leagues.
Players bring their own clubs or use the ones provided.
Players bring their own glove and cleats, but ALL supplies a uniform.
Players bring their own glove, but ALL supplies a uniform.
Players bring to life the classic fable about a gullible boy and a cranky giant.
Players brings lobbying to life with profiles of leading lobby firms and their key lobbyists.
Players build a collection of different poker hands using dice combinations.
Players build and enhance their game position by establishing bases.
Players build manage castles while engaging in siege warfare.
Players build puzzles with prime number blocks.
Players build the dungeon as they go, using cards from their hand.
Players build the routine by adding specific types of touches using various parts of their bodies.
Players build their own dungeon, set traps, and attract monsters to fend off invading heroes.
Players build their own giant robots and then hire their pilots.
Players build words of two or more letters.
Players bunt and steal bases, pitchers throw strikes, nobody draws attention to themselves.
Players buy a card like a phonecard, which they can use to get a supply of balls or tokens.
Players buy and trade cards, and build their own card decks.
Players buy galleys for delivering goods to other players or their own harbors.
Players buy stock in numerous NW railroads.
Players buy tickets to help flood victims, orphans, the poor.
Players buy tickets to help flood victims.
Players buy, sell, short sell, or buy on margin any day the market is open.
Players buzz in to answer questions before the other side can.
Players buzz in using the keyboard.
Players buzz in when they think they know which of the four possible answers is correct.
Players calculate the answer for dividing the fraction on their dice by the number on the card.
Players call fouls.
Players call out the name of the player to whom they are passing.
Players call the fouls and infringements in a spirit of fairness.
Players call their own fouls when rule violations or contact occurs - there are no referees.
Players call their own fouls.
Players call their own nets and ball in or out.
Players can access online features while playing off-line.
Players can accumulate and trade their goods with other players as each move toward their goal.
Players can accumulate points in only one tournament per day.
Players can act as offensive coordinators by using the play editor, too.
Players can add mountains , lakes , rivers and canyons to their landscape .
Players can add mountains, lakes, rivers and canyons to their landscape.
Players can add questions of their own.
Players can add silencers, flash-suppressors, sights.
Players can adjust minutely with pitch and yaw abilities via the shoulder buttons.
Players can adjust opponent strength, race length, auto-pilot cautions, and wear factor.
Players can adjust the seat to their liking.
Players can adjust the speed, acceleration, traction, and suspension of all the game's vehicles.
Players can adjust their shooting time to compensate for their individual degree of speed and skill.
Players can adjust variables to make a host of new and interesting missions.
Players can adventure together through strange lands and deep, dark dungeons.
Players can agree to play without declarations.
Players can ally against a certain opponent to later be attacked by their allies.
Players can also advance to three distinct, second-screen bonus games.
Players can also ask for shin guards if needed.
Players can also attempt to engage and defeat the mighty Aztec and Incan empires.
Players can also become permanently disabled, or in the worst case die.
Players can also boost their income by picking up a group of passengers with multiple destinations.
Players can also build a house or building outside of town.
Players can also build their own roller coasters .
Players can also build their own roller coasters.
Players can also buy clothes and other items for the monster .
Players can also buy clothes and other items for the monster.
Players can also choose between one of three separate races.
Players can also choose several individual scenarios, based on operations from within the campaign.
Players can also choose to create their own songs or join in a sing along.
Players can also choose to repeat a puzzle once it has been solved.
Players can also choose to send puzzles to friends through an electronic mail attachment.
Players can also collect items and money from chests and other findings.
Players can also collect thousands upon thousands of enemy heads, which do nothing.
Players can also compete against themselves.
Players can also construct their own maps or log online and play against other gamers.
Players can also contest other players actions and presence militarily.
Players can also control the level of taxation, and risk civil disorder.
Players can also create custom games to run on the game servers with small groups of players.
Players can also create missions for other players by placing their missions on the mission boards.
Players can also create their own completely independent groups.
Players can also customize weapons using items scavenged from the environment.
Players can also design flying fortresses.
Players can also design their own campaigns by using the game's built-in editor.
Players can also design their own dream park, using a variety of ramps and more.
Players can also double or triple up.
Players can also download games and themes.
Players can also drag dead bodies from site.
Players can also drive a jeep and hopefully even other vehicles.
Players can also earn benefits playing table games as well.
Players can also exit at any time or end the game's real-world component.
Players can also expand their navy by purchasing new galleys.
Players can also expect new minigames and town festivals to round out the changes.
Players can also expect serious eye candy when conjuring up creatures.
Players can also find a golden apple, which is believed to come from the same tree.
Players can also fly to locations around the world.
Players can also fold and forfeit the game to watch.
Players can also fold, forfeit the game, and watch.
Players can also follow a campaign in which they attempt to earn their freedom.
Players can also gain food or treasure by saving a knight who is being attacked by an enemy.
Players can also gain treasure by defeating the enemies.
Players can also get a chance to receive random encounters as they travel along the map.
Players can also get evil turnips from implings and as a reward for cremating vyre corpses.
Players can also get special information on players.
Players can also go on and off the ice while play is in progress.
Players can also grow and build customized organic structures in the game.
Players can also host multiplayer matches on maps they made themselves.
Players can also interact with agents such as a pawnbroker, a storyteller, and a poet.
Players can also invest in upgrading the technology level of allied and controlled planets.
Players can also investigate the lockers of other characters to gain insight into their lives.
Players can also just jump off the hub to reset.
Players can also lay mines or bricks, and they can warp instantly across the arena.
Players can also learn to run and catch as can occur in the basketball fast break.
Players can also load other skate parks, so the replay value is endless.
Players can also look forward to several exciting multiplayer variations in Empire Earth .
Players can also master the use of various power-ups, attacks and traps to thwart their opponents.
Players can also mix and match the ways they link together which is revolutionary.
Players can also mount horses to ride on and make their weapons more effective against the enemies.
Players can also move around when playing the music.
Players can also move forward and backward up and down the pool while passing.
Players can also obtain copies of individual score sheets as well as pool analysis data.
Players can also participate in multiplayer games on a local network or over the Internet.
Players can also participate in multiplayer.
Players can also pick one of the four arcane types.
Players can also pick up special weapon power-ups from pods floating around the maps.
Players can also pick weapons off dead enemies.
Players can also place daily double bets in which they bet on the outcome of two races.
Players can also play back files that have been saved on disk.
Players can also play privately or with other players live throughout the casino.
Players can also post their high scores online to compare with users around the world.
Players can also practice game play in a separate training mode.
Players can also print some puzzles out to solve while they're away from their computers.
Players can also print their scores.
Players can also put off going to class to stretch things out even more.
Players can also put on armor if their class allows it.
Players can also receive red and yellow cards, as in football.
Players can also rent lockboxes and vaults from the local banks for storing items.
Players can also retire due to age or injury.
Players can also retry their missed questions at the end of the game.
Players can also rummage around the bodies of fallen foes for alternative items.
Players can also set the matches to take place in the day, evening and night times.
Players can also set the rules of their cities and empires.
Players can also sheathe their sword.
Players can also sign up for slot tournaments online.
Players can also speed through the repetitious parts of the animations by clicking the mouse.
Players can also steal items from other characters .
Players can also steal items from other characters.
Players can also substitute by swimming to their bench corner and tagging an entering player.
Players can also take advantage of the new driving range.
Players can also take part in many events they come across as they explore the world.
Players can also take photos any time they wish.
Players can also tap out rhythms on the side of the didgeridoo using fingers or sticks.
Players can also taylor make classes in a systematic way and still keep things balanced.
Players can also throw grounders to each other.
Players can also upgrade ships and any of their shipyards with the newest technologies.
Players can also use points to repair their castle or put walls around it.
Players can always change their tune if they are struggling in the field.
Players can always start new foundation piles by placing any available ace in the common area.
Players can appeal to have the system's calculation used to override a disputed call by the umpire.
Players can apply to join an existing MDN, or start their own.
Players can assign hotkeys for all major functions to suit their gaming styles.
Players can assign points for each winning guess.
Players can assume any card as their third card.
Players can attack another player with a creature or deal direct damage with a spell.
Players can attend an optional chapel service in the morning, and there is no practice.
Players can augment their forces by purchasing additional starters and booster packs.
Players can automatically renew their ads by hitting a button.
Players can avoid some robot attacks by jumping or ducking.
Players can be a combination of either computer and human.
Players can be a part of building a successful program in the North Atlantic Conference.
Players can be a person or a program.
Players can be anonymous.
Players can be anyone or anything they want to be, even if it means creating their own species.
Players can be anywhere they want on the court, and shots can be taken from anywhere.
Players can be colonists, military, scientists or thugs - all with equal ease.
Players can be competitive even after a few years of being introduced to the sport.
Players can be difficult to replace.
Players can be humans, computer players, or a mix of both.
Players can be in any position before play begins.
Players can be in the paint , down on the blocks , on the boards and beyond the arc .
Players can be mean to others by berating or insulting a character.
Players can be people , companies , armies , dogs or other things .
Players can be people, companies, armies, dogs or other things.
Players can be pretty much whatever they want to be, thanks to a detailed skill system.
Players can be red-carded for swearing at referees.
Players can be various bets on colors, odd or even numbers, and a variety of blocks of numbers.
Players can be very unreliable on the Internet.
Players can become a part of six different movies, each in a new location in the world.
Players can become room operators and use new text commands to change the settings in a room.
Players can become targets along with the terrorists and rioters.
Players can become the helicopter's pilot or gunner.
Players can begin the ride by clicking on the train.
Players can bet in increments of five for better payoff on winning hands.
Players can bet more than the minimum.
Players can bet on as many numbers as they want and in a variety of combinations.
Players can bet on even or odd , red or black.
Players can bet other players or the casino.
Players can blend in and sometimes go long stretches without anyone asking for an autograph.
Players can blow up such items as a piggy bank or use electrical outlets as traps.
Players can brew things.
Players can bring their classic games to a contest site.
Players can bring their own .cfg files, as well as keyboards or mice.
Players can build a home or place of business, such as a casino, for example.
Players can build a kingdom, through a quest-driven gameplay.
Players can build a sentence or play games.
Players can build and analyze their own decks with the included deck builder.
Players can build and run their own cities as group if desired.
Players can build army and naval units.
Players can build their own robots and enter into tournaments with actual prizes that can be won.
Players can build up a team in the solo game and then use it to compete in an on-line ladder.
Players can build up and maximize their character's powers to aid their quest during future battles.
Players can build up their Rumble meter by connecting big hits and executing special moves.
Players can build, and destroy things, as well as interact directly with monsters and NPCs.
Players can build.
Players can bury one card each.
Players can buy additional items, and certain items wear out and break with repeated use.
Players can buy as many cards as they wish for any game, up to seven days in advance.
Players can buy as many items, powders, potions, etc. as they like.
Players can buy goods with some balls and exchange the rest of the balls into cash also.
Players can buy items by going into an item shop.
Players can buy or trade cars at anytime during the game.
Players can buy, sell, short sell and short cover.
Players can call for a retest to determine if they enter a fox frenzy or a rage frenzy.
Players can call in artillery support in selected missions for assistance.
Players can capture and drop their own pieces.
Players can capture technology using the engineer unit.
Players can carry as many paintballs as they wish.
Players can catch the sliotar, play it on their caman and bring it back to their hands only once.
Players can catch the sliotar, play it on their hurley and bring it back to their hands only once.
Players can catch the sliothar, play it on their hurley and bring it back to their hands only once.
Players can challenge each other for landing rights.
Players can challenge friends or work cooperatively over modem, network or the Internet.
Players can challenge other players to a match and the result helps determine rankings.
Players can challenge the greatest Super Bowl teams of all time.
Players can change guilds at any time, or start their own by buying a charter.
Players can change hiding places, move around, or attempt to kick the goal at any time they wish.
Players can change positions daily if they choose.
Players can change positions in the field without incurring any time on the bench.
Players can change the setting of the table for faster or slower ball rolling, or table friction.
Players can change their type of warrior at any point in the game.
Players can chat with each another.
Players can chat with each other during a game.
Players can check to see if another player is online.
Players can choose an arcade style race, or go for a realistic ride in sim mode.
Players can choose between on-screen buttons and keystrokes while playing.
Players can choose between three different campaigns that are dictated by their choice of character.
Players can choose between three levels.
Players can choose between two characters and pick up weapons that make a mess of enemies.
Players can choose either male or female cavefolks to race on their behalf.
Players can choose from a plethora of boards from different manufacturers.
Players can choose from a wide range of games to play for fun and practice or with real bets.
Players can choose from among eight categories, with seventy-five words to guess in each category.
Players can choose from different levels and ball sizes.
Players can choose from five leaders to go first.
Players can choose from one of six balls and can switch balls for each throw.
Players can choose from six games on the world map and zoom into their missions.
Players can choose how many pieces in the puzzle.
Players can choose imagery from inside two drawers at the top of the screen.
Players can choose male or female characters of four different classes.
Players can choose on which planet to play.
Players can choose one of four skill levels to play .
Players can choose one of four skill levels to play.
Players can choose one-player or multiplayer games.
Players can choose specific times tables to drill or let the computer mix it up.
Players can choose teams from a hundred countries, but the only difference is the flag used.
Players can choose the beginner or advanced level of play.
Players can choose the frag limit and the time limit.
Players can choose their own method of control.
Players can choose their own team, plays, pitches, etc.
Players can choose to be evil or good.
Players can choose to download the free software simply to practice the games offline.
Players can choose to either buy a new home or build one of their own designs from the ground up.
Players can choose to go for pure arcade speed or for more realistic racing at the higher levels.
Players can choose to jump by manual control or letting the computer do it.
Players can choose to mix and match different kinds of arms and hands.
Players can choose to play against the computer or friends.
Players can choose to play alone or in teams.
Players can choose to play alone, but forming parties to complete quests is encouraged.
Players can choose to play as their own country, or a rival country of their choice.
Players can choose to play in scenario of free-play modes.
Players can choose to play mini-games freely in the main menu .
Players can choose to play mini-games freely in the main menu.
Players can choose to play roles other than fighter pilot.
Players can choose to play the game in either Adventure or Practice Mode.
Players can choose to practice measuring in either English or metric units.
Players can choose to produce many different fantasy units, spanning many different races.
Players can choose to skate only house league.
Players can click on and zoom into any part of the world to learn more.
Players can click on the bell at any time for hints or help.
Players can click on the farmers shed and see potatoes stacked in boxes, ready for planting.
Players can click on the penguins to rearrange the ice blocks in order to create a proper sentence.
Players can climb up inside the tongue, waiting for the opponent to pass by.
Players can color each animal by using the umbrella color palette.
Players can come to the office to check schedules.
Players can come whenever they want at any time and join the fun.
Players can command either Allied or German forces against a computer-controlled or human opponent.
Players can commence an attack, then switch characters in mid-combination.
Players can communicate easily with each other in real time.
Players can communicate with each other during a game.
Players can communicate with each other freely, be it within the game, email, phone or fax.
Players can compare their score with others on the network.
Players can compete against each other or play side by side during game and dance sessions.
Players can compete against the computer, a friend on the same computer or over the Internet.
Players can compete in skill building competitions like golf darts.
Players can compete or work as a pair.
Players can compete over the internet, or on two networked computers.
Players can compete with others to purchase the greatest value of store merchandise.
Players can contact Illinois coaches or make visits to campus anytime.
Players can continue to join the game until the countdown is over.
Players can control their destiny within the squared circle.
Players can control volume and other audio-related issues in a separate menu.
Players can converse with each other in a text chat area that appears alongside the chessboard.
Players can cover as many as six kilometres in one match.
Players can craft castles and place monsters, landscape and treasure with a few simple mouse clicks.
Players can crawl up hillsides to just peer over the tops of hills and get the shot.
Players can create and join teams or play completely independently.
Players can create objects, rooms, robots, etc. with algorithmic behaviors.
Players can create sound by destroying enemies.
Players can create their own affinity groups to better keep score among friends.
Players can create their own competitions.
Players can customize background and card patterns and colors.
Players can customize each plane's guns and rockets.
Players can defend the world in either single player or multiplayer modes.
Players can degrade or upgrade water quality, depending on their choices.
Players can delete their accounts at any time.
Players can delight in a realistic casino ambience without leaving home.
Players can design their own fighters or use pre-designed plans.
Players can destroy and collapse buildings, streetlights, and assorted other objects.
Players can die in several ways.
Players can dig deeper and expand their viewpoint with each new iteration of the exercise.
Players can distance themselves from board problems and focus on their responsibilities.
Players can do all of the important maneuvering without having to deal with too much, or too little.
Players can do only one thing in a turn.
Players can do the multiplayer mode online or locally .
Players can do the multiplayer mode online or locally.
Players can double their bets after splitting.
Players can download the casinos for free play and try the casinos games.
Players can earn a significant income from training and selling polo ponies.
Players can earn comps through their table game play as well.
Players can earn extra account dollars to invest by referring other players to the game.
Players can earn extra masterpoints and qualify for the next level.
Players can earn extra money with refering friends.
Players can earn their chance to play for the ultimate jackpot of tickets.
Players can easily set their preferences.
Players can edit the game to adjust everything.
Players can either accept the challenge, or step down from their position.
Players can either be human or computer controlled.
Players can either compete against each other or work as teams.
Players can either join or host a tournament.
Players can either play against the computer or with a friend.
Players can either play for fun or feel the pure adrenaline rush of playing for real dollars.
Players can either play for fun or for real.
Players can either play for fun or the pure adrenaline rush of playing for real dollars.
Players can either practice specific kinds of failures or ask the sim to generate random failures.
Players can elect to be single, double or tri-classed.
Players can elect to fly instant-action missions or participate in a more lengthy campaign.
Players can elect to have their map coordinates displayed underneath their radar.
Players can elect to have their sounds turn off when they alt-tab away from the client.
Players can elect to play a single game, championship, or series.
Players can eliminate people to maintain the regime, or lose in elections.
Players can email questions and encourage one another.
Players can engage in the endurance stage.
Players can enjoy a great variety of lengths and hole configurations.
Players can enjoy golf in a fresh breeze from the seaside.
Players can enjoy the game no matter what the skill level.
Players can enjoy the real-time changeable waves on the screen.
Players can enter and leave the game at any time, can switch teams during the game, etc.
Players can enter as many times as they wish.
Players can enter the game at any time by joining one of seven fictitious citizens' action groups.
Players can enter the game at any time to check the scoreboard.
Players can escape by jumping onto the backs of birds and flying through clouds and canyons.
Players can even bet against themselves when they get ready to roll the dice.
Players can even change the color of their shirts.
Players can even choose to go the bonus route and up their energy points with trivia questions.
Players can even create their own puzzles.
Players can even create their own weapons to use on quests.
Players can even customize and download a favorite character screen saver.
Players can even customize their cars' paint jobs for a truly hot rod feel.
Players can even customize their scoring system.
Players can even go against the timer to increase the challenge.
Players can even import their characters from save games in the original campaign if they choose.
Players can even increase the existing database by adding games or even creating their own database.
Players can even make two strong moves before passing off the ball.
Players can even resort to using some pretty wicked throwing knives.
Players can even set up their own TRPs.
Players can even simulate bumping the machine with their hands using special keys.
Players can even stick bumpers in the gutters and attempt a crazy deflection into the pins.
Players can even suggest game ideas, which can be implemented quickly and easily.
Players can eventually enchant items with their choice of spells or combat bonuses.
Players can exit whenever they like, or have completed the required number of games.
Players can expect an extremely humorous style of gameplay.
Players can expect it to be little changed since then.
Players can expect small group instruction as well as team competition each day.
Players can expect the game to include standard chat functions, user rankings, and roster updates.
Players can expect to receive a bye for a match in which no opponent was available.
Players can experience four seasons in four hours.
Players can experiment with alternate placements of the home rank pieces.
Players can explore and choose how they want to play the game.
Players can explore and decide where they want to go pretty much throughout the whole game.
Players can explore and settle on new lands in the two new campaigns.
Players can explore forests, towns, and can raid castles as well.
Players can explore the map in different areas and combat bad guys in concert as well.
Players can explore their world with a variety of different transportation options as well.
Players can feel as if they are playing real instruments.
Players can fight alone or team up with someone else against a friend.
Players can fight alongside or against monsters such as the hydra, kraken and dragons.
Players can fight each other or the computer.
Players can fight it out on the dam or use a hidden underwater route.
Players can fight their way on or be knocked out, but they have been put on notice.
Players can fill their bottles as needed.
Players can find game maps here.
Players can find teams and vice versa.
Players can fire from one building to the other from rooftops or windows.
Players can fire rainbows to kill enemies or to stand on.
Players can fire rainbows to kill enemies or to stand upon.
Players can fly for either the American or Japanese side.
Players can fly in specific areas by pressing the A button twice while in the air.
Players can fly the classic bomber or ride along in a gun turret position.
Players can fold, raise, stay or call.
Players can form and join clans , and clans can even come together to form kingdoms.
Players can form groups of adventurers to adventure together as guilds.
Players can form in to hunting parties to share experience and monitor one another's hit points.
Players can form teams and work together against the other players.
Players can form teams to fight cooperatively or play a solo game against everyone else.
Players can form words either diagonally or horizontally.
Players can free ride the mountain and earn reputation points to boost their status.
Players can further customize their character with new male and female models.
Players can gain advantage by strategically combining available pieces into compatible sets.
Players can gain an advantage over the casino at a much lower risk than other roulette systems.
Players can gain awards, scholarships, classes, etc.
Players can gain bonus strokes by passing through wickets.
Players can gain levels and raise both hit and magic points.
Players can gain possession of the ball by catching.
Players can gain worldwide exposure.
Players can generally hit the ball in the air when shooting for goal.
Players can get an awful lot of abuse, and they really have to learn to let it roll off their backs.
Players can get away with a lot with tournament promoters.
Players can get bonus chips depending on the actual hierarchy in a specific region.
Players can get camp information along with an application HERE .
Players can get coins for launching rockets .
Players can get coins for launching rockets.
Players can get food by hunting, fishing, farming, and foraging.
Players can get game misconducks if there in a fight.
Players can get gold by mining it from the ground.
Players can get hurt, players can be surprises and all of that happens to every football team.
Players can get in trouble going for that green if they take it in high.
Players can get more tired because they're spending so much energy in quicker spurts.
Players can get open looks on either wing.
Players can get pretty misty-eyed about their childhood days.
Players can get vertical in a hurry, and in a big way, resulting in far too many blocked shots.
Players can give a little bit of a personality background, but that's as far as it goes.
Players can go back to any level in the world that they have played by going through doors .
Players can go back to any level in the world that they have played by going through doors.
Players can go for extra bases any time before the ball is returned to the pitcher.
Players can go online and compete in tournaments against other gamers of different skill levels.
Players can go online with opponents worldwide.
Players can go online with the console .
Players can go online with the console.
Players can go to the Web site to trade spy secrets and chat with other players about the game.
Players can greet with waves and bows, and even dance routines.
Players can handle only so much negative feedback at a time without becoming discouraged.
Players can happily default on loans.
Players can have a great time participating in an e-mail game but learn nothing.
Players can have as many accounts as they wish.
Players can have poor passing technique or they can make poor passing decisions.
Players can have up to six Companions in the game.
Players can hear any word said aloud by clicking on it.
Players can hear the sound of the ball rolling under a net and hit it.
Players can hide cards from their hands except the last three cards in their hands.
Players can hire neutral heroes from there.
Players can hit their drive without worrying about losing it in the desert.
Players can hold bean bags between their knees or on their heads and race.
Players can hold one item at a time.
Players can hold the ball for three seconds before passing, dribbling or shooting.
Players can hone their skills by playing with actual gambling odds.
Players can immerse themselves into the action through new cinematic camera design, ambient audio.
Players can improve spiking technique, approach, arm swing, vertical jump and endurance.
Players can improve the economy of their civilization through trade and diplomacy options.
Players can improve the performance of their car by shelling out some dough.
Players can improve their scores by taking advantage of board positions.
Players can improvise their lines within the safe structure of their roles and scene or story goals.
Players can increase or decrease their machine's acceleration, top speed, control and drifting.
Players can injure their shoulders as well.
Players can instantly view their at-bats in a video room just steps from the hardwood dugout.
Players can interface with other players and create teams for competition.
Players can invest quarters or dollars and can play from five cents to more than a buck.
Players can issue orders or adjust inventory or disciplines while the game is paused.
Players can join a game that is already in progress, but can only join two games per day.
Players can join and leave at any time.
Players can join at any point and earn bages, stickers and promo cards.
Players can join at any time.
Players can join at anytime.
Players can join at the tournament and compete in our closed tournament.
Players can join clubs that are of different places around the world.
Players can join groups, pooling their strength.
Players can join in individually or form groups beforehand.
Players can join or leave multiplayer games at any time.
Players can join the contest on any day during that time period.
Players can join the game at any point.
Players can join together to form parties, agreeing to share experience and gold.
Players can join, locate and join games in a menu, and chat in channels with fellow gamers.
Players can jump onto and walk on the rocket without being killed.
Players can just grab their own instruments, cords, and drum sticks and come.
Players can just sit down, hit the on button, and dive right in, no problem.
Players can keep a track record with a printable scorecard.
Players can keep time to the music, or even dance to the music.
Players can keep track of multiple games on a single score sheet.
Players can launch the match maker service from within the game or directly from their web browser.
Players can learn instantly how they fared, and cash in smaller winnings on the spot.
Players can learn many positions, can learn both to attack and to defend.
Players can learn quickly how they fared.
Players can learn the basics of the game in minutes.
Players can learn to use magic to cast spells to aid themselves or ail their enemies.
Players can leave after four years.
Players can leave or join a chouette at any time.
Players can leave.
Players can link their pages to the Ring.
Players can lock onto visible targets and attack with a variety of weapons.
Players can lock their chests, doors, furnaces and other item-storing blocks.
Players can log four miles in a match.
Players can log on to networks and play with or against one another.
Players can look at a map to see where they are at.
Players can look at their own cards.
Players can look up and down and walk wherever they want.
Players can lose five points, however, for buzzing in on a toss-up and answering incorrectly.
Players can maintain a virtual aquarium and populate it with the catch of the day.
Players can maintain the status of their characters, building a notes log as they go.
Players can make a chess move at their convenience.
Players can make a duck , bear , mouse , rabbit , dog , cat , horse , pig , or monkey .
Players can make a duck, bear, mouse, rabbit, dog, cat, horse, pig, or monkey.
Players can make an insurance bet equal to one half of the initial bet made on the hand.
Players can make places, clothes, and other things.
Players can make stuff and print it out.
Players can make their own foursomes or be assigned to a group.
Players can make up their characters rather than choose from a limited list.
Players can make use of one exploding ball per game.
Players can make various things from weapons to whole ships .
Players can make various things from weapons to whole ships.
Players can make whatever motions they want and say the phrase how ever they want.
Players can match their teams against other players or against the art ificial intelligence.
Players can meet the wager and attempt to raise it.
Players can meet their coach, and get their uniform, team list and schedule.
Players can motivate themselves by shooting for personal goals.
Players can move and shoot in all eight directions.
Players can move and shoot in every direction, and strafe as in first perspective shooters.
Players can move any direction, look up and down, strafe, jump, and of course, shoot.
Players can move around the playfield, occupying one of five spots.
Players can move continuously and are able to effect turns without stopping at junctions.
Players can move freely through selected characters, which have unlimited walking movement.
Players can move inside a maze picking up objects and evading monsters.
Players can move only one 'mal' per each movement, unless 'mals' are grouped in one.
Players can move their pieces from one intersection to any unoccupied adjoining intersection.
Players can move through the caves using the arrow keys or the mouse.
Players can move to the edge of their screen and that's it.
Players can move up or down depending on their performance.
Players can no longer use an item placed in the secure trade or vendor sale windows.
Players can now argue with the umpires after a close call, or charge the mound after a bean ball.
Players can now check a line of numbers against the latest numbers drawn.
Players can now create their own chat rooms within the game.
Players can now create their own customized rooms.
Players can now create unique monsters by inputting different combinations of letters and numbers.
Players can now edit levels, models, skins and game play.
Players can now enjoy one of their favorite leisure time activities right on the casino floor.
Players can now have a full-sized chat box without using a right panel.
Players can now land on roads.
Players can now play Indian bingo from their homes.
Players can now play multiple seasons with their favorite teams.
Players can now repeat any play as a do-over with the new mulligan feature.
Players can now scale ladders to get on top of buildings and structures.
Players can now search defeated enemies and take weapons in their possession.
Players can now see more common citizens and others in the towns.
Players can now select the network route to be used, or select the iEN default.
Players can now specify a list of things to be built in a city.
Players can now upgrade their car into extreme machines.
Players can now use the new baseball conditioning room.
Players can now walk and look anywhere they choose, all in real-time.
Players can now wield an orb, wand, or staff, and use trade skills at the same time.
Players can observe games without participating.
Players can observe who has shown up before voting.
Players can obtain stone by mining it from the ground.
Players can only attempt to invent a particular device once per session.
Players can only be on one team in the tournament.
Players can only compete on one team.
Players can only go so long before fatigue becomes a factor.
Players can only lay down a domino if they can say the two words or sounds out loud.
Players can only look at stuff and get ready for stuff for so long.
Players can only move between holes which are connected by dotted lines.
Players can only play on one team.
Players can only play on one tournament team.
Players can only purchase land in government zoned areas.
Players can only recover loose balls while holding on to their donkeys.
Players can only run on the spokes or outside circle of the wheel.
Players can only save while playing a level, and there are three save files.
Players can only see runes cast by their own party members.
Players can only split once per round.
Players can only take two steps after catching the ball and there are no downs or set plays.
Players can only use one hand to play the game.
Players can only use their legs to kick the ball.
Players can opt for ladies', men's or championship tees.
Players can opt to download it from the web.
Players can opt to enjoy games with others via the Internet or side by side.
Players can opt to play long-running tournaments for more involved gameplay.
Players can opt to play the games online with real money wagers or offline for fun and practice.
Players can optimize skin tone and even try some wacky combinations, like clown hair.
Players can own houses, pets, mounts, air balloons, sea ships.
Players can own multiple horses.
Players can page another player in ANY lord game from the fireside.
Players can participate in as many contests and as often as they like.
Players can participate in various competitions and, in some instances, win prizes.
Players can participate through the summer following graduation.
Players can pass if they think their hands suck.
Players can pass messages back and forth during the game.
Players can pass or shoot when they have the ball, or punch and kick when the opposition does.
Players can pass, refreshing their tiles but their turn is forfeited.
Players can pay their losses after each game, or they can keep score and settle up later.
Players can peek into their wallet at any time to check how much money they've earned.
Players can perform such exotic maneuvers as bicycle kicks and step-over nutmegs.
Players can pick between four space ships, each with a different weapon, to blast other enemy ships.
Players can pick characters which suit their style, from quick and stealthy, to slow and punishing.
Players can pick from eight different classes to play as.
Players can pick up objects, manipulate virtually any object, etc.
Players can pick which characters they want .
Players can pick which characters they want.
Players can pilot huge zeppelins.
Players can place tiles to either help themselves or to hinder their opponents.
Players can play against each other or the computer.
Players can play against each other or together.
Players can play against friends or challenge a variety of computer contestants.
Players can play against one another and register their scores on the championship board.
Players can play any week, or every week.
Players can play as merchants, mercenaries or pirates.
Players can play as often as they want to build up their score.
Players can play between one and five cards at a time.
Players can play cooperatively against the computer or any combination of head to head.
Players can play different game modes in a variety of maps .
Players can play different game modes in a variety of maps.
Players can play domestic and international games at the same time.
Players can play either side and take part in the three-day battle in the Pennsylvania town.
Players can play for a designated length of time.
Players can play for free and win money just by clicking.
Players can play for free, or can enter their credit card details and play for money.
Players can play for fun or money.
Players can play friendly matches, vie for the Euro Cup, or create their own custom tournament.
Players can play from their workstations against others, over the network.
Players can play games with other players all over the world.
Players can play in as many divisions as they qualify for.
Players can play in both singles and doubles events.
Players can play in tournaments, and there are even professional Magic players.
Players can play on foot or in a vehicle .
Players can play on foot or in a vehicle.
Players can play on only one team.
Players can play one of many historical-based in about an hour.
Players can play only on one team.
Players can play other gamers again, with all the advantages of computer wargames.
Players can play our games and collect prizes.
Players can play side by side and never compete directly with one another.
Players can play the scenarios in any order.
Players can play the traditional single-player levels or engage in an online deathmatch.
Players can play to a frag limit or a time limit.
Players can play with up to three computer players.
Players can position their golfer and select clubs at any time.
Players can post questions, read advice and answer posted questions.
Players can practice and perfect the proper mechanics taught at the baseball academy.
Players can practice their swing for that important game.
Players can probably get wood by cutting trees down.
Players can progress through a level in one month.
Players can progress through ever-tougher opponents until they've beaten the best of the bots.
Players can promote good communication skills by calling out each receiver's name during the drill.
Players can purchase bell bottom blue jeans instead of street property .
Players can purchase bell bottom blue jeans instead of street property.
Players can purchase parts and accessories by winning races as they compete on the various tracks.
Players can put anything on the back of their jersey.
Players can put attack flags on each other's pieces, thereby trying to influence heroes to attack.
Players can put the fire away by driving the tank off the island and push the popcorn machine away.
Players can race against computer or human opponents.
Players can race faster and make more money by finishing better in the race.
Players can race how and where they want.
Players can really zoom in and take a look at the Settlers while they are working.
Players can reassign the majority of functions.
Players can receive a special VIP invitation.
Players can receive free e-mail reports of their team's progress.
Players can receive sponsorships,affect their morale,win cash for every award and match won etc.
Players can record log files reporting the time and label for user specified screens.
Players can record log files, report event times, and label user-specified screens.
Players can record the action and trade movies over the Internet.
Players can recreate their own living spaces or let their imaginations run rampant.
Players can redeem chekels for services such as online lessons from grandmasters.
Players can reduce the number of dwellers by death or expulsion.
Players can register and start playing easily.
Players can register as teams or singles.
Players can register in the tournament as a golfer or as part of a foursome.
Players can register on their site and then they are ranked as they participate in online sessions.
Players can register their curriculum vitae.
Players can regularly replenish their forces through reproduction and assimilation.
Players can rejoin the game if a teammate hits the backboard with one of the balls.
Players can rent multiple cages, pitching mounds and training stations.
Players can repair their vehicles at the risk of losing time or being pulled over by the law.
Players can repeat in singles and doubles.
Players can reply to last message.
Players can request assistance from other players in order to meet the required levels.
Players can request to be on teams at one location or another.
Players can reserve courts at the tournament desk.
Players can rest easy in the knowledge that their gaming pleasure is being handled by professionals.
Players can return when their symptoms have been gone for a week.
Players can ride their rides and rollercoasters for the first time .
Players can ride their rides and rollercoasters for the first time.
Players can roll the die or dice to determine how many spaces to move their player piece.
Players can rotate, pan, zoom or pull out the camera viewpoint to play from any angle they like.
Players can run faster, which means they change direction faster.
Players can run one at a time, using two sheets of newspaper.
Players can run only two steps after catching the ball.
Players can sacrifice units at the alter.
Players can sanction events and auction items for their game server.
Players can sap health, stamina, and magic points from enemies for their own use.
Players can save their games through a password system.
Players can save their positions in the crosswords as bookmarks on their browser.
Players can save their progress to their memory cards.
Players can save time trial performances and car set-ups as well as circuits in progress.
Players can scavenge towns and kill enemy bandits to fight for survival in the wasteland.
Players can score from anywhere on the field.
Players can score in many different ways.
Players can score with any part of their body.
Players can see a sliver of the Pacific Ocean from the top tee here.
Players can see right up to the vanishing point where objects are out of range of the human eye.
Players can see the ball better and react even quicker.
Players can see what effect rain has on farms, neighborhoods, and cities.
Players can see what is happening LIVE from our studios.
Players can select any of the hundreds of available skins to wear during a game.
Players can select body paint schemes, including racing stripes, from a rather broad palette.
Players can select different characters to suit the situation.
Players can select from one of ten different styles of armored vessels.
Players can select one of three different character types, warriors, rogues and sorcerers.
Players can select the skill level they like - easy, medium, or hard.
Players can send a finished remix over the net, and others can play the level.
Players can send live messages to each other by talking into microphones.
Players can send Thumpers out to call the worms while smaller worms can be ridden into enemy camps.
Players can send, receive and accept or reject peace pacts.
Players can sense the changes as they travel through the game's crypts and taverns.
Players can set how many Wonders are needed for victory before each game begins.
Players can set off a wall of fire, bolts of lightning or a landmine.
Players can set off an atomic bomb.
Players can set the leaders and the battle formation for each character group.
Players can set the levels of difficulty of each game.
Players can share songs between the two games.
Players can share their progress with friends, family, team mates and scouts from around the world.
Players can share their progress with friends, family, teammates and scouts from around the world.
Players can share their progress with friends, teammates and scouts from around the world.
Players can shoot it out on foot or drive a tank.
Players can shop until their credit gets too low for additional purchases.
Players can show or point to the card they are requesting rather than labeling it.
Players can sign the statement up until the first game.
Players can sign up as a team or as a single player to be placed on a team.
Players can sign up at any time during the tournament.
Players can sign up for classes one at a time if they choose.
Players can sign up online or by sending in registration while spots still exist.
Players can sign-in at any point during the day.
Players can sign-up on their own, with a few friends or their entire team.
Players can sign-up on their own, with friends or with a team.
Players can simply slide up or back according to their skill level.
Players can simply try again after that minute.
Players can sit for hours at one table without losing the big bucks because of the small house edge.
Players can skate faster and execute extreme movements with ease.
Players can smash furniture, windows and other objects and use the broken pieces as weapons.
Players can snap the thing on for a second, and let the proxy take one shot, then turn it off.
Players can socially interact with each other by exchanging creatures and objects on-line.
Players can sort potential opponents by attributes such as skill level and concede rate.
Players can speed up the ride by going over jump ramps and slow down by hitting obstacles.
Players can spend time working out combinations of switches that set off events.
Players can stand behind a blown structure for cover.
Players can start with the same emotion or opposing ones.
Players can stay dressed while answering questions.
Players can steal and drive many types of cars, boats, helicopters and motorcycles.
Players can steal envelopes from each other.
Players can steer their mobile microbes through simulated arteries.
Players can still blow right past defenders using the turbo button.
Players can still do a routine.
Players can still enter to compete, by entering a faster paced two-day schedule.
Players can still see major cuts in the earth and trees that have been unearthed.
Players can stop, cut back and change direction quickly because of the sure footing.
Players can stretch downstairs in the common room, but watch the very low ceiling.
Players can switch clubs, teams, up down across where ever they want to go.
Players can switch colors with the L and R buttons .
Players can switch colors with the L and R buttons.
Players can switch defensive assignments in the event of an effective screen.
Players can switch perspective from racer to racer, as well.
Players can switch their discs between rounds, or replace broken ones or ones lost during the round.
Players can synchronize with one another using methods such as getTimeBase and setTimeBase .
Players can take a cue from casino owners who know and play the odds.
Players can take advantage of a number of new keyboard shortcuts.
Players can take advantage of, or fall prey to, the numerous banked turns and hazardous approaches.
Players can take cabs from city to city.
Players can take control of a warp point by building a warp gate over the top of it.
Players can take either the cash share or actual loot.
Players can take notes to help remember the facts they find out.
Players can take off the helmets once they reached the bench area.
Players can take on the role of famous skateboarders or create their own identity.
Players can take only five paid recruiting visits to schools.
Players can take part in exhibition, season, and playoff competitions.
Players can take shelter from wind and rain while playing their round.
Players can take the role of the lords or of the individual samurai.
Players can talk directly onscreen or in a dedicated chat window which allows for backscrolling.
Players can team up and make other people drink.
Players can tell the sidekicks to stay put, fight, follow or pick something up.
Players can test and enhance their investing skills without using their own money.
Players can test their knowledge of past and present music events for a chance to win great prizes.
Players can then again take turns playing out their turn.
Players can then attempt to get to ball zone or back to their side of the field.
Players can then choose to loop, swap or trigger sounds simultaneously.
Players can then click the events to get more information.
Players can then configure everything from height to weight to hair color and style.
Players can then double their bets, as long as they do it before the fifth card is exposed.
Players can then pick any map to play the short game on.
Players can then play the machines by inserting the card into the slot machine.
Players can then score points on any number that opponents have open.
Players can then tweak their hard-earned bikes until they are the ultimate racing machines.
Players can then upload themselves to their favorite computer game.
Players can toss and pass frisbees to other members of their own group before they get tagged.
Players can trade on all major European and American markets.
Players can trade or steal ship designs from each other as well.
Players can trade with either on their turn.
Players can train their skills by doing different actions.
Players can train using qualifying meets and through toning muscles in the virtual gym.
Players can transfer games between the two products and use the Game Boy as a control pad.
Players can transport factories in their own ship.
Players can transport other stuff, sure, but they're quite handy all by their lonesome, too.
Players can travel in various ways.
Players can travel to different places and beam down, land, or dock.
Players can try a variety of target angles.
Players can try out for whatever team they choose.
Players can try out three innings in the demo version.
Players can try to hook the ball by knocking it off their opponents stick.
Players can try to match the three numbers drawn in the exact order or in various combinations.
Players can try to select the exact order or any combination of the drawn number.
Players can tryout for one or all teams.
Players can turn damage off, to visual only, to physics only or all on.
Players can turn off the lights at any time to further enhance memorization.
Players can tweak strength and spirit, which allow for different types of spells.
Players can type in their answers or select onscreen letters with their mouse.
Players can type in their answers, or they can type in equations that the calculator solves.
Players can type messages to each other during their turn or after they are done.
Players can undertake a quest to change their characters' template names.
Players can uninstall the new demo via the start menu.
Players can unlock new characters and battle secret bosses.
Players can unlock the reward puzzles to find a special surprise.
Players can update information at any time.
Players can upgrade the speed, acceleration, tires, brakes, and durability of each car.
Players can upgrade their ship, explore the quadrant, and battle dangerous alien ships.
Players can upgrade their snowmobiles by winning races, performing tricks and buying new parts.
Players can use any combination of five cards from their hand for each of the high and low hands.
Players can use any number of juggles, or body parts, before passing the ball to other players.
Players can use dyes to change the color of their armor.
Players can use garrisoning and military formations that add interesting tactical choices.
Players can use markers but absolutely no tape of any kind can be used to make numbers.
Players can use mouthpieces or mouth guards to protect their mouth and teeth.
Players can use multiple games as a match using the rule for game points.
Players can use nitro for a quick burst of acceleration.
Players can use only one-word clues, and the fewer words, the higher the score.
Players can use post boxes to send a message along with items to others.
Players can use the armies trained in the story mode or battle with a standard set of troops.
Players can use the computer keyboard, mouse, or gamepad to play the game.
Players can use the hand cursor to pick up and object and move it to the proper location.
Players can use the opening at the front of the green to run the ball on, if necessary.
Players can use the software solo, to play against another player, or on the Internet.
Players can use the time to get their bearings on the island.
Players can use their name, pick a character and select a difficulty setting.
Players can use their own feelings of transcendence to create rhythms via the act of shooting.
Players can use what are called cash chips or colored chips to place bets.
Players can view any word s definition by selecting it.
Players can view their transactions history online.
Players can virtually pick their tee times.
Players can visit their trophy room, and even discover great wild game recipes.
Players can vote for one of the suggested moves or for their own recommended move.
Players can walk and look anywhere they choose.
Players can walk around many rooms inside the sandcrawler.
Players can wander around the world, talk with one another, and trade items.
Players can warm-up, practice their strategy, or critique style in the game's practice mode.
Players can waste a room easy, guns blazing.
Players can watch the game more comfortably.
Players can wear sweats under their uniforms and gloves in order to maintain optimal comfort.
Players can win a cash prize by referring people to the pool.
Players can win cash prizes and even new cars.
Players can win if they match straight or box.
Players can win money and use that to upgrade their podracer or replace damaged parts.
Players can win more than once on a ticket.
Players can win only one watch.
Players can win or lose points by landing on special spaces printed on the board.
Players can win prizes in various skills contests and for their fund-raising efforts.
Players can win repeatedly, each time building their score.
Players can win stickers.
Players can win twice on a ticket.
Players can win up to five times on a ticket.
Players can win up to four times on a ticket.
Players can win up to four times on each ticket.
Players can work hard all day and still make their games at night.
Players can work their way from beginner to advanced leagues to develop skills and confidence.
Players can work together cooperatively throughout the entire story, with up to four players.
Players can zip out to the sun, recharge solar batteries and fly between a planet's moons.
Players can zoom in and out of their dungeon.
Players can zoom in on targets with binoculars or fine tune their aim with a laser-like dot.
Players can, however, drive busses and freight trucks, which is pretty darn fun.
Players captain their own ship and have the opportunity to live the life of a pirate.
Players capture outlaws by collecting and playing sets of outlaw cards.
Players care for their piglet by feeding, excercising, and grooming it regularly.
Players carve out their destiny in a violent struggle for fortune and fame.
Players catch balls.
Players catch huge air on O and D, skying far above the basket to jam home a dunk or block a shot.
Players catch the ball on the fingertips, align the arm, wrist back, and flick again.
Players celebrate plays with dances and sometimes taunt each other.
Players certainly aren t inspired by the ratio of fans to empty stands.
Players certainly get more rewards today.
Players certainly receive considerable play for their money.
Players certainly seem to know their devotional basics.
Players change clubs for millions and are paid grossly inflated salaries.
Players change ends after each game.
Players change ends after every six points and at the conclusion of the tie-break game.
Players change ends after every six points in a tiebreaker.
Players change issues as events or needs warrant.
Players change positions every quarter to get a complete training.
Players change serve at the end of each game.
Players change sides after every four games.
Players change sides after four points.
Players change sides after six points.
Players change sides at half time.
Players change sides or after the first game and every other game after that.
Players change teams the way they used to change underwear.
Players change teams too often because of free agency and teams charge too much for ticket prices.
Players changing teams frequently also adds to the challenge.
Players chat while solving puzzles and trivia.
Players choose a chance card and are awarded credits or one of the three additional bonus features.
Players choose a dealer to shuffle the deck of cards and deal five cards to each player.
Players choose an answer from a multiple-choice question .
Players choose an answer from a multiple-choice question.
Players choose an explorer, ship, and crew, and outfit their expedition.
Players choose an operation and two numbers.
Players choose between multiples or factor problems, or a random combination of both.
Players choose between three factions - marines, droids and aliens.
Players choose for first play with remaining cards which are put aside.
Players choose from a directory of tennis players to arrange matches at convenient time and place.
Players choose from a multitude of career paths, and follow their character evolution.
Players choose from a range of practical classes and workshops, including early music and jazz.
Players choose from alternative levels of difficulty for a never-ending challenge.
Players choose from fields such as the sandlot, the urban parking lot, and the rich kid's backyard.
Players choose one person to deal first.
Players choose one role to play for ten years.
Players choose or volley for first serve.
Players choose remain active in the off-season by aerobic conditioning and weight training.
Players choose schools for various reasons.
Players choose the character they want to be, and the game commences.
Players choose the level and type of problems to do.
Players choose the skill level that matches their ability.
Players choose the steps they want to be held accountable for.
Players choose their characters and take turns while playing.
Players choose their game from the different gaming tables and machines available.
Players choose their opening hands, including any starting advantages.
Players choose their own setups, unknown to opponent.
Players choose their piece.
Players choose to hit, draw, stand, double or split.
Players choose to play a single game, season, or playoffs.
Players choose which card to play secretly and then reveal their choice at the same time.
Players choosing to come to South Carolina and stay in-state is what it's all about.
Players chronograph their guns.
Players chug their way toward a monetary goal without going bankrupt or before ten years elapse.
Players click and hold down the mouse to jackhammer through the floor until it has broken through.
Players Click on any of the pictures to see an enlarged image.
Players Click on each individual picture to see an enlarged image.
Players Click on pictures to see a larger image.
Players click on the picture that is different from the others in the group.
Players climb and run, sing and swing, play with balls and slide down halls.
Players collect a point each time they give a correct answer or stump an opponent.
Players collect a sticker each time they return library books.
Players collect and customize a wide variety of weapons and armor as they progress through the game.
Players collect chips for the high value of heart in their hands.
Players collect coins throughout the game that can then used to obtain stars.
Players collect derbies as they advance on the board.
Players collect film cans and defeat villains in a race against the clock to complete a level.
Players collect magic gold dust cards to connect the railway and win the game.
Players collect sets of literary works by the same authors.
Players collect their reward money at the end of each hand.
Players combat a wide variety of enemies, ranging from toys to household items.
Players combine excellent swimming skills with a team game mentality.
Players combine to create goal-scoring opportunity.
Players combining strength, speed and intelligence dictate the flow of othe game.
Players come and go all the time.
Players come and go, the game connects generations.
Players come and go.
Players come and players go.
Players come back for another year and it's like a whole different guy.
Players come back to do well against former clubs.
Players come complete with specific accessories like elbow pads, turf tape, visors and face-masks.
Players Come First.
Players come from a wide range of backgrounds and work in all industries.
Players come from across the United States to Durham, North Carolina to play basketball.
Players come from all around the world.
Players come from all over the world.
Players come from all parts of the production operation.
Players come from all the surrounding states to play.
Players come from around the world.
Players come from eight states and six provinces.
Players come from neighboring states and states as far away as California.
Players come from rich and poor backgrounds, educated and lacking education.
Players come from schools that are big and small, public and privat e.
Players come from the high school, college and post-collegiate ranks.
Players come from the most varied of circumstances and athletic backgrounds.
Players come in and out of the process, it claims.
Players come in as well.
Players come in two varieties.
Players come out of drug programs with a new vocabulary and practiced catch phrases.
Players come out of junior much more prepared.
Players come out to speak to the kids.
Players come to institutions functionally illiterate.
Players come to life through detailed appearances, skill and behaviour.
Players come to the coach's office or call when the season is over and ask for their release.
Players come together making friends, creating guilds, and possibly even raising an empire.
Players come together to play a game that involves a fair amount of rolepaying.
Players come up, do well, and then are ignored, become rusty, and are sent down.
Players come, go, and return to what is a lasting passion.
Players coming from the metal flute sometimes prefer the rectangular mouth-hole.
Players coming out of college are faster than ever.
Players command a variety of spacecraft to meet certain mission objectives.
Players commit to participate for the entire year.
Players communicate and explore who did what to whom, when and why.
Players communicate using standardized sets of phrases and symbols, so everyone can join in.
Players communicate verbally, and non-verbally to keep stone eggs in motion.
Players compete against computer-generated competitors and control the learning environment.
Players compete against computer-generated competitors.
Players compete against each other to shoot down the most planes before time runs out.
Players compete against each other to win.
Players compete against new opponents after each round.
Players compete against one another to achieve the victory criteria for their empires.
Players compete against other players of the same skill level.
Players compete against others of the same age.
Players compete against their own age group.
Players compete by adding up the scoring values of all words that appear anywhere in their hands.
Players compete by answering movie trivia questions.
Players compete by picking games based on continuously update odds.
Players compete for each of a series of hoops in turn.
Players compete for fun or cash and prizes while chatting with friends.
Players compete for fun, cash and prizes while chatting with friends.
Players compete for gold medals and personal trophies.
Players compete for large cash payouts and prestige to the chants of an interactive crowd.
Players compete for money, gifts, or prestige depending on the pool master.
Players compete for points by forming criss-crossing cribbage hands on the board.
Players compete for prizes of delicious whole South Georgia watermelons.
Players compete for prizes of delicious, whole, south Georgia watermelons.
Players compete for the number one spot.
Players compete for the top score to win.
Players compete in a game.
Players compete in advanced, intermediate or novice divisions.
Players compete in all kinds of weather conditions at their own risk.
Players compete in an all-night looting race using chopping carts, flashlights and guns.
Players compete in collegiate play days as well as intramural and co-ed competitions.
Players compete in flights at all tournaments.
Players compete in free exercise.
Players compete in helmets and shorts and teams are guaranteed at least three games a night.
Players compete in one of three different classifications.
Players compete in six flights based upon age.
Players compete in the tournaments in single-player mode.
Players compete in tournaments.
Players compete on the local level only, and the atmosphere is low-key and friendly.
Players compete over a series of rounds to have the lowest score.
Players compete simply to meet their own departmental objectives.
Players compete their hardest in the playoffs without the necessity of being pushed.
Players compete to assemble chains of hotels, restaurants, etc.
Players compete to be the top scorer at their site, and send their scores in for a national ranking.
Players compete to complete their Zones as fast as they can to earn rewards.
Players compete to guess the correct answer as quickly as possible before their opponents do.
Players compete to have the most fun and learn basic math skills while they play.
Players compete to see who can roll the ball closest to the pallino , the target ball.
Players compete while watching televised sport, winning prizes for the highest score.
Players compete while watching televised sports, winning prizes for the highest score.
Players compete with computer or with each other.
Players compete with others in our local area.
Players compete within flights based on their handicaps.
Players competing for jobs are younger, faster and stronger.
Players competing in both singles and doubles can face as many as seven matches in one weekend.
Players complain that visors impair their vision and get fogged up during play.
Players complain they can hit the new ball too far, but soon realize their stupidity.
Players complete easy tasks.
Players complete missions.
Players complete non-threatening questionnaires and interviews in less than one hour.
Players complete tasks.
Players complete the crosswords then solve a hidden phrase.
Players conceal their bones from each other in small shelves.
Players concentrate to match the cards Helps build memory.
Players connect to each other's Opponent objects.
Players consider goobers very important, though usually from a distance.
Players constantly undergo adjustments to the face and lie angles of their clubs.
Players construct a roller coaster as the central attraction of an amusement park.
Players consume amounts.
Players continue alternating turns until one of the end of game conditions below are met.
Players continue from fight to fight without intermittent cut scenes.
Players continue having turns and building their scores until someone reaches the target score.
Players continue in an anti-clockwise direction alternating each shot.
Players continue in numerical order.
Players continue in order until there is only one number remaining on the board.
Players continue simultaneously passing items up and down the row until all items have been passed.
Players continue to alternate moves until all shaded squares have been captured.
Players continue to be pulled until the losing team has scored a goal.
Players continue to bet as each new round is dealt.
Players continue to play in normal order, and just try to pot their winks.
Players continue to roll, multiply, and record for ten rolls.
Players continue to score points as long as their teams keeps winning.
Players continue to take turns rolling dice and capturing each other's dice.
Players continue until the rainbow becomes bigger, as long as no misses occur.
Players continue until they guess all the answers or get three strikes.
Players contribute a small sum each week for hire of practice hall.
Players contribute up to five new factoids every day by a certain time.
Players control a family of characters.
Players control a flying car and try to get the soccer ball and shoot it into the goal.
Players control a flying saucer and try to bump the other players off the edge of the ring.
Players control a little guy.
Players control a single character who has distinct traits that can be molded and improved.
Players control a space ship that moves side to side as it blasts enemy ships.
Players control a wizard who moves in real-time around an isometric landscape.
Players control and develop their planet as they see fit.
Players control any of the three empires mentioned above in both campaign and multiplayer exploits.
Players control Britain, USA, Russia, Japan and Germany.
Players control colossal mechanized robots and suppor ting infantry units.
Players control mobs and police.
Players control one of five aliens that have crash-landed on earth.
Players control one of the students.
Players control skydivers by using keyboards or mice.
Players control tanks and shoot each other on a futuristic battlefield.
Players control the destiny of humankind from the fall of Rome through the Middle Ages.
Players control the genetically unique populations.
Players control the puzzle's size, shape and difficulty.
Players control their arms and legs with wired remotes.
Players control their character in town and steer the ship at sea.
Players control their own characters and write their own adventures.
Players control their Speeders by two systems.
Players converge for the rebound.
Players cooperate fully with the officials about rule interpretations and calls.
Players cooperate fully with the officials and other team members.
Players cooperate fully with the officials, opposing team, and other team members.
Players cooperate rather than prey upon one another.
Players coordinate a car-pool system for transportation to games.
Players coordinate their matches according to their schedules at courts of their choosing.
Players count spots on each side and sit around circle.
Players count the stones in their goal pits.
Players cover hitter and pass ball to target.
Players cover numbers called with quarters.
Players cover the picture with a counter.
Players create a character and develop attributes for the character.
Players create a fantasy character that engages in combat in gladiatorial tournaments.
Players create a party of adventurers in the frigid north.
Players create adventurers who explore a fantasy world.
Players create fictional boxers and are matched weekly against other players.
Players create images from geometric shapes.
Players create impact.
Players create the money in their actions.
Players create their characters according to the rules in the books.
Players create their own characters to play at conventions all over the world.
Players create their own individual athletes and then take turns on the events.
Players create their own team with customizable colors, logo, playing field and strategy.
Players create their own virtual life forms called Norns.
Players create their own world, their own life as they venture out into several categories.
Players customise units and train pilots to create ulitmate pairing of man and machine.
Players dance in a circular line.
Players deal with pressure in different ways.
Players decide if they're in, and then holds their hands, face-down, over the middle of the table.
Players decide on the length of the course which can be between one and four kilometers.
Players decide to stay in or fold.
Players decide what is reasonable, or unreasonable behavior in any given game.
Players decide which pitch to throw or whether to swing for a base hit.
Players decide which units fight for each army.
Players declare high or low.
Players defeat enemies and collect gems and powerups in order to increase their score .
Players defeat enemies and collect gems and powerups in order to increase their score.
Players defend their own candles at the same time they attempt to douse the others.
Players define the game for themselves as they play.
Players delivers on the best bonuses in the industry.
Players demonstrate every concept, from fundamental defense positioning to game situation tactics.
Players demonstrate very difficult maneuvers in an effort to show their skill and please the crowd.
Players deny the claim but, in past they have indulged in frequent price hikes.
Players describe it as sliding the face of the club under the ball.
Players design a park using an interface that makes choosing and placing rides easy.
Players design and construct their own experiments or inventions or solve puzzles.
Players design roller coasters, build rides and eateries, all to attract guests and make money.
Players design their own ships and battle situations.
Players design their own ships which can include offensive weapons.
Players desire and care for their characters well being just as they do in real life aspects.
Players determine all market prices and interest rates, production and consumption levels, etc.
Players determine how a wooden arrow has managed to pierce a glass bottle.
Players determine initiative at the start of each game turn.
Players determine movement order by purchasing expansion tokens.
Players determine the grid size and the playing time.
Players determine the value of their chips at time of buy-in.
Players develop problem-solving skills and creativity to come up with different strategies of play.
Players develop their characters over time.
Players develop their preferences for sticks over the course of their careers.
Players dictate their minutes.
Players direct the construction of buildings that represent the different technologies.
Players discard all non-trump cards.
Players discard one card and turn one face up, leaving two hole cards.
Players discover innovative solutions as they explore diverse scenarios and perspectives.
Players discuss the right answer and play moves on.
Players display a variety of reactions to events.
Players distract themselves by playing cards or listening to music.
Players distribute their stations in a preset order around the board.
Players dive and catch the ball.
Players dive through the air to make catches and the ball often lands perfectly in their hands.
Players divide into a convenient number of teams.
Players divide into groups by position for workouts at the scouting combine.
Players divide into two teams and take positions behind the barriers.
Players divide into two teams.
Players divide seven cards into two hands and try to beat both of the banker's hands.
Players divide up into teams.
Players do a scene in which dialogue can only occur when some form of physical contact is made.
Players do appreciate that.
Players do battle, with the outcome usually determined by a dice roll.
Players do better in different situations.
Players do go in on occasion to look at the shot and determine the club they want to use.
Players do have a scenic view of the downtown skyline, about four miles north.
Players do have to worry about money, though.
Players do hit in that many games and have.
Players do it for kicks.
Players do lots of running, stretching, and hi-knee exercises to stay in shape and prevent injuries.
Players do stuff.
Players do take their conditioning and preparation in the off-season very seriously.
Players do their best to get open and create their own shots.
Players do upper body and leg strengthening in the weight room before hitting the track.
Players do whatever they can to knock the ball loose from their opponents and gain possession.
Players dodge barriers and bounce off bumpers as they go for record times.
Players dodge planets, asteroids and enemies as they hurl through space.
Players dole out their hard-earned dough to buy and sell the virtual objects in the game.
Players don authentic uniforms.
Players don t know what to work on.
Players don t like changes.
Players don t play it for the walking.
Players don t stay in college long enough for any one school to dominate in that fashion.
Players download our award winning software to play blackjack, roulette, slots, craps and poker.
Players drag names of countries to the matching spot on the map.
Players draw a court on the ground.
Players draw and discard as in rummy.
Players draw and discard tiles trying to form melds.
Players draw cards and compare who has more and less.
Players draw cards to see where to move on the board , based on what category the animals belong to.
Players draw chits and conduct operations.
Players draw confidence from their coach.
Players draw five to start.
Players draw numbers from an entry box to determine their respective tee-off positions.
Players draw parts of the body as they roll die.
Players draw seven Scrabble-style tiles with a grid location on each from a bag.
Players draw the board and place their markers as shown.
Players dream about it, coaches plan for it, fans anticipate it and nearly everyone talks about it.
Players dribble around controlling, then repeat the activity.
Players dribble around the chairs performing the dribbling techniques listed here.
Players dribble freely in the square.
Players dribble the ball with their feet, using light taps on the ball to move it along the ground.
Players drift toward the fields out of love of the game.
Players drink more pleasant-tasting sports drinks than plain water.
Players drink tea during breaks and eat potato curry for lunch.
Players drive their snakes around the arena and the last one to remain alive is the winner.
Players drive uphill to a fairway that seems to tale slightly to the left.
Players drop out when they make a mistake.
Players drop weapons when killed.
Players dump messages into the queue as well, but they're alive hence they get special treatment.
Players earn abilities when they reach a new rank.
Players earn and spend mutation points to adapt their species for survival.
Players earn cards based on their accumulated resource pool.
Players earn credits for defeating dinosaurs.
Players earn drawing tickets any number of four ways.
Players earn keys by clicking through to advertisers website.
Players earn playing time.
Players earn points at each event in the division they actually compete in.
Players earn points based on their finish and the strength of the field.
Players earn points based on tournament grade, finish and strength of field.
Players earn points toward qualification by playing slot machines.
Players earn points with correct answers and lose points with incorrect answers.
Players earn their points based on total bases, runs and RBIs.
Players earn tournament chips during the month and contribute to the prize fund.
Players earn trading cards and certificates as they complete the tasks in each area.
Players earn triple or quadruple card scores for playing cards on bonus squares.
Players easily become accustomed to the interface through playing the game.
Players eliminated at the border are out of the game.
Players emulate their coaches.
Players encounter some pretty challenging puzzles, depending on the level of difficulty selected.
Players encounter the various techniques commonly used in soccer.
Players end their turn by discarding one card.
Players engage in air to air combat against one another using heat seeking missiles and cannons.
Players engage in relentless mayhem with an equally persistent sense of cartoonish detachment.
Players enjoy a highly developmental program and highly competitive matches.
Players enjoy a smoke-free casino with incredible window views of the Taos Mountain.
Players enjoy developing their diplomacy skill while outwitting their colleagues.
Players enjoy it when the spiffy little things they work into their characters get to see use.
Players enjoy moving the slide to change notes.
Players enjoy the highest gambling satisfaction anywhere.
Players enjoy the luxury of a full kitchen with a full-sized refridgeratorand a stove for meals.
Players enroll in future draws and compete with other players for winning outcomes.
Players enter a conflict between two warring tribes, waged over a series of alien worlds.
Players enter by signing a professional league letter of intent.
Players enter colleges.
Players enter modes.
Players enter that score in their designated scorekeeper.
Players enter the area, clean it out, leave and can come back later and do it all again.
Players enter the cab by stepping up a low set of stairs.
Players enter the game upon reception of their first submission.
Players enter their name so that the voice of the game moderator addresses each player individually.
Players enter trade transaction on scantron sheet.
Players enter words by either clicking on letters in the long word or by typing on the keyboard.
Players enter, join a team, choose a skin, and then play.
Players entering the game become citizens of either empire.
Players especially welcome.
Players essentially take a base armor, and add the magical features they want.
Players even call fouls on themselves.
Players even go on breakaways if they have an opening.
Players even have the chance to form and fight as armies.
Players even have the option to print the picture once they are done.
Players examine the affects of technology on society while learning critical Internet skills.
Players examine their cards to decide if their current hand can beat all other player's hands.
Players examine their sums.
Players execute the most ignoble nobles while avoiding the crowd favorites.
Players exercise, and do running or have fielding practice on alternative days.
Players expand to conquer other solar systems.
Players expect the trading session to begin on a positive note.
Players experience different emotions, relationships, and tests.
Players experience real-world navigation, based on historical information and atlas data.
Players explore a dungeon, encountering monsters, traps, NPCs, and even new and twisted rules.
Players explore the asteroid belt, building the map as they go.
Players explore, discover, conquer.
Players express frustration when they botch a play, and are charged with an error for it.
Players extend arms.
Players face a long carry over water from three of the four sets of tees at the TPC of Tampa Bay.
Players face challenges both on and off the course that effect how they play their game.
Players face criminal charges .
Players face criminal charges.
Players face down levels in groups of four.
Players face off against an array of multi-colored bubbles that descend from the top of the screen.
Players face suspensions of up to six months if they break their deals.
Players face the hoop and hold it with both of their hands at hip level.
Players face three circuits and a few hidden ones.
Players face what appears to be a simple tee shot into a wide valley fairway.
Players fall over a waterfall and are swept away, believed to be dead.
Players favor the left side of the green as the area slopes to the right.
Players fear travel security, imminent war.
Players feed off it, fans feed off it.
Players feed off the manager's personality.
Players feel like they've let a coach down.
Players feel that it is about time to pursue a monogamous relationship.
Players feel the pressure of having their tactical skills on public display.
Players field a team of four contestants.
Players fight arch-enemies and old rivals in Championship mode to unlock new training equipment.
Players fight for chances.
Players fight for the rebound underneath.
Players fight to win or die.
Players fight tooth and nail for a goal, and men litter the ice.
Players fill gaps.
Players fill glasses from another pitcher, then pour small amounts of beer into the floater.
Players fill out cards that are read through a machine to provide a receipt.
Players fill out long forms for drawings held only twice a year.
Players find a partner and hooks arms.
Players Find both official and unofficial pages profiling the big names playing rugby league.
Players find it difficult to focus on both aspects of the game at once.
Players find it takes more effort or less to generate the same ball speed.
Players Find official and unofficial guides to a selection of football players.
Players find practice irresistible rather than a discipline.
Players find that they get more attention and money when they are more vocal and eccentric.
Players find the babies in their playpen at home.
Players find the responsibility of families and marriages preceding a commitment to the team.
Players find themselves born into a culture where social climbing is the be all of life.
Players find themselves in the middle of a dilemma.
Players find themselves juggling a schedule of classes, homework, basketball, work and social time.
Players find work.
Players first build their track then race a loop.
Players first enter a briefing room where they learn the rules of the game.
Players first receive five cards dealt face down.
Players first work together to build a corral out of fence cards.
Players flick their marbles with their thumbnail , and try to hit the target .
Players flick their marbles with their thumbnail, and try to hit the target.
Players flip discs in the air, compare power points, and decide who wins.
Players flip the puzzle back and forth to guide a steel ball through both sides of the maze.
Players fly all over to take part in the evaluation process.
Players follow a program developed between the coach and the head trainer.
Players follow habits.
Players follow street signs, fill orders, create a comic book, and more.
Players follow the rotation described by the coach prior to the game.
Players follow the spoken words of the game unit by choosing the correct number or color.
Players follow their own workout charts from the fall through the spring.
Players forget how to be successful, the team forgets how to be successful.
Players form a circle around a single player in the middle.
Players form a circle with one person in the middle.
Players form a circle.
Players form a line in one corner of the rink.
Players form a single line at the free-throw line , or foul line.
Players form allied teams.
Players form cliques in which sabotaging others can net rewards and admiration.
Players form equality statements by placing tiles on the board horizontally and vertically.
Players form equality statements, called equations.
Players form factor sets .
Players form in a circle and march to music.
Players form opposing teams generally of one, two or three players.
Players form pairs.
Players form single file behind the baseline.
Players form teams of two players each.
Players form the teams.
Players form their own teams without restriction on handicaps.
Players form two lines at the corners.
Players form two lines in the corners along the boards facing the neutral zone.
Players form two lines on one side of the ice, inside the blue line, facing the end boards.
Players form two parallel lines at the top corner of the attack box.
Players form two teams of three players, and teams sit across from each other.
Players form two teams of two players.
Players form two teams.
Players form words from letters in connecting cells.
Players freeze, start a new TV show based on their positions.
Players fully cooperate with all officials and other team members.
Players fully cooperate with officials and other team members about rule interpretations and calls.
Players furnish their own gloves.
Players gain a unique, rich view of the Middle Ages.
Players gain and lose points as they win and lose games.
Players gain experience by killing creatures.
Players gain experience.
Players gain income from their ports.
Players gain more enjoyment from courts that are in good shape.
Players gain points based on the difference in the grades of the two players.
Players gamble with millions of dollars in the gambling and real world.
Players gather in tunnel.
Players gather powerups to assist with driving or to cause opponents to crash.
Players generally listen to the team's medical staff.
Players generally own at least one instrument.
Players generally vote on orthodox lines.
Players generate equipment points from home production and from international aid to build units.
Players get a chance to be game designers.
Players get a good feel for the historical situation.
Players get a large sum of money that they can spend on different objects for their park.
Players get a lot better by sticking around.
Players get a real sense of the waves of screams and yelps of glee that come from a theme park.
Players get all their gear ready.
Players get along with the opposing team without any disputes, incidents, or verbal exchanges.
Players get an arsenal of tiles to place on the grid.
Players get an early chance to examine and compete in new space combat title.
Players get an immediate critique of their solutions from the seminar leader and from peers.
Players get better at passing and stickhandling, and they get more comfortable with the puck.
Players get bored and pick fights with random cops.
Players get bored faster than ever before, and in-game movies also jack up the development costs.
Players get chances.
Players get choices.
Players get cold.
Players get comfortable playing certain places on the floor and running a certain offense.
Players get critical hits less often.
Players get different and better weapons during play.
Players get different information and instructions depending upon their role and the current scene.
Players get experience.
Players get exposure to trainers and experienced coaches who know the game.
Players get hot.
Players get in pairs and stand at opposite end lines.
Players get individual hotel rooms on the road.
Players get into the team on merit.
Players get little say over how their cars are configured.
Players get money for getting kills or completing their objectives.
Players get more power out of every word and create more play possibilities.
Players get no respect from the ladies who ferment da chank of the wank.
Players get nothing.
Players get older, and as they age they get better or worse.
Players get one point for a win, a half point for a draw, and zero points for a loss.
Players get one point for each answer.
Players get one point for each item that remains on the list.
Players get one point for each successful hit.
Players get one point for each wicket to their ball goes through and a point for hitting the stake.
Players get only one guess.
Players get points based on the accuracy of their choices plus the answers to the bonus questions.
Players get points based on which outcome they selected.
Players get points by hitting the right notes at the right time .
Players get points by hitting the right notes at the right time.
Players get points corresponding to the numbers of balls pocketed to their credit.
Players get points for being funny, innovative and original.
Players get points for correct steps, and if they score well enough they advance to the next song.
Players get points for finding certain birds in each area.
Players get points for rolls such as a straight, a full house, or three of a kind.
Players get points for taking treasure out of the colossal cave to the house at the end of the road.
Players get push bonuses for good RPing.
Players get security for the chance to enter the skyrocketing market.
Players get smarter every time.
Players get stars for wise answers and receive a score at the end of the game.
Players get the chance to play different teams.
Players get the opportunity to compete and attend conferences outside of Michigan.
Players get the opportunity to split, double down, and buy insurance.
Players get the pleasure of experience a generating machine and shooting game.
Players get three throws for a dollar.
Players get time on the ball and space to develop skills.
Players get tired as a game goes along and injured as a season progresses.
Players get tired legs.
Players get tired now, and substitutes have to be sent in.
Players get tired toward the end of a long roadtrip.
Players get to ask the game's developers their questions via a live moderator.
Players get to compete as any one of several characters from the animated series.
Players get to create their own avatar from several goofy options.
Players get to enter five stories, in which five damned souls are trapped in an insane computer.
Players get to explore the jungle, gathering tokens and other treasures.
Players get to frag or kill each other all the while taunting their opponent with the chat feature.
Players get to keep any winnings.
Players get to keep their caps and jerseys.
Players get to race, run, dodge, and jump through eight levels inspired by locations in the movie.
Players get to take a lot of swings.
Players get to the spot, bind into a pack and attempt to step over the ball to secure possession.
Players get to write a new game card for each match.
Players get two slam dunks per round.
Players get up at or before dawn to work on their games.
Players Get up close and personal with the industry's most fascinating people.
Players get up to six moves a turn.
Players get upset when, for instance, they are in a world where there is only one pencil.
Players get vitamins.
Players give a lot of credit to the coaching staff for the defense's performance.
Players give answers only when they are asked for by the reader.
Players give clues to the word that they have been given.
Players give standard chess pieces small additional movement possibilities from predescribed set.
Players give the game schedule to every professor.
Players give their best effort in hopes of making it in the big leauges.
Players go around boards by hitting dice, and play minigames.
Players go around both boards in a figure eight pattern.
Players go around on boards collecting coins and stars .
Players go around on boards collecting coins and stars.
Players go around on boards to collect coins , which they can use to buy stars .
Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars.
Players go around the board twice, with everyone crossing the finish line.
Players go back to their starting positions.
Players go forward to attack and recover to defend.
Players go in on mini breakaways.
Players go in one at a time and only get one shot each time.
Players go in turn placing chits on roads that connect cities.
Players go into it hoping to revive a career.
Players go on missions using their mathematical prowess to unravel the clues.
Players go out and play each game.
Players go out and practice and play hard, no matter what's going on.
Players go out with a bang, too.
Players go through dry spells.
Players go through prestigious neighborhoods, remote wilderness and along the Snake River.
Players go through slumps.
Players go to small drinking hole and interact with promiscuous conservatives.
Players go to the plate with a two strike count.
Players going four full games without a yellow or red card have their slates wiped clean.
Players graduate and coaches move on.
Players graduate, and new players fill the open spots.
Players graduate, transfer, defect.
Players grasp the power of alternatives such as competition, compromise and collaboration.
Players grimace because of the physical exertion.
Players gripe about calls.
Players grunt their way through sprints.
Players guess the identities of various words and phrases by sketching clues.
Players guess what's in each bag by feeling the outside of the bag.
Players guide their characters through outrageous terrain crawling with enemy forces.
Players handle and pass the ball with special webbed sticks.
Players has no live music or calendar lineup, but the dart league comes in on an open schedule.
Players hate errors.
Players hate it, and with good reason.
Players hate making mistakes.
Players hate that.
Players hate the death of their characters because, well, it's their character.
Players hate to hit the hand because they are afraid to bust.
Players hate to wait.
Players have (part) arms.
Players have (part) body substances.
Players have (part) cell membranes.
Players have (part) cells.
Players have (part) corpi.
Players have (part) cytoplasm.
Players have (part) heads.
Players have (part) human bodies.
Players have (part) legs.
Players have (part) material bodies.
Players have (part) necks.
Players have (part) nuclei.
Players have (part) personality.
Players have (part) plasma membranes.
Players have (part) sections.
Players have (part) vacuoles.
Players have a box connected by cable to moderators box.
Players have a card system, which operates the lights.
Players have a chance to compete individually as well as on a team.
Players have a choice between hitting on the right side or left.
Players have a choice of boards and one of ten professional skater personalities.
Players have a decent amount of detail, and the player animations are second to none.
Players have a degree of health, some goods, and a location.
Players have a good idea of what it takes to be in it for the long haul.
Players have a great deal of control over what happens in the game.
Players have a grinding sound when they make slides and thuds when diving for balls in the outfield.
Players have a morale which starts initially at okay.
Players have a more set routine at home.
Players have a much greater chance of hitting any of the lower-paying combinations.
Players have a right to an interval at half-time.
Players have a separate biographical section as does each country.
Players have a set of tools for domination of their environment, and like sims are quite open-ended.
Players have a shot therefore at winning a bonus amount.
Players have a small list of cars to choose from initially but can open up new ones as they win.
Players have a split-second to decide whether to run up the middle or take it outside.
Players have a tendency to let up and take advantage of certain situations.
Players have a variety of shots uphill and downhill that are unmatched by any other course.
Players have a war to win.
Players have a wide choice of what they can attempt.
Players have ability.
Players have access to three different environments and three different accessory sets.
Players have active roles.
Players have an additional week to playtest and submit lists and dues.
Players have an opportunity to earn prizes based on their fundraising performance.
Players have assignments.
Players have bad days too.
Players have better odds on European wheels, which are rare in Las Vegas.
Players have cannons which take by shooting arrows.
Players have chances to leave.
Players have choices among transmission type, weather effects, competition type, and more.
Players have complete control over the evolution of their characters.
Players have complete freedom of movement.
Players have conflicting interests and play rationally.
Players have different sizes, different shapes, different history.
Players have differing reactions to such tough losses.
Players have emotion.
Players have exceptional ability.
Players have fairly accurate faces, but few are immediately recognizable from just the face.
Players have few formal skills.
Players have fewer responsibilities and breakdowns are easily understood.
Players have five days to respond.
Players have five seconds to release the ball on an in-bounds pass.
Players have five sets of tees to choose from with varying degrees of difficulty.
Players have full-face cover .
Players have full-face cover.
Players have games.
Players have hands.
Players have health.
Players have hearts.
Players have hidden cards that they are required to show only if they are in on the final bets.
Players have incentives to play more than once which greatly enhances the replay value.
Players have individual goals which are a part of their decision to play.
Players have individual stats and can be selected before the game as well as substituted later.
Players have inventory, which is the list of things that player is carrying.
Players have issues.
Players have it easy, they only have one character to speak in.
Players have just one set of shorts and jerseys for the four-day adidas camp in New Jersey.
Players have knowledge of the sport and have generally competed at the high school level of higher.
Players have learned to get off to better starts, they have better shoes and run on faster surfaces.
Players have little faith in team that goes nowhere fast in the playoffs.
Players have little or no input, and the experience is akin to that of reading a radio transcript.
Players have little time between shots.
Players have locations.
Players have lots of special moves allowing cool skills, shots and fouls in arcade mode.
Players have many pieces that can only move in the direction they point at.
Players have many play options from which to choose.
Players have methods.
Players have more control over the world economies via the ability to build additional structures.
Players have more than one player key, so if the operation fails, they try again with an alternate.
Players have mutually exclusive goals.
Players have names of famous people taped to their backs.
Players have nine tries to figure out what that number is and hit the bullseye.
Players have no influence over their opponent's score.
Players have no permanent positions.
Players have no problem buying into the system.
Players have no sense of loyalty amd operate in a system that rewards egotism and greed.
Players have no time to rest and to recuperate from injuries.
Players have no voting privileges.
Players have no way to use alternate picking like a flat picker.
Players have one goal in the game.
Players have one minute to avoid flying food while pelting the band with cakes and bananas.
Players have one minute to finish their turn.
Players have one year from the date of the drawing to claim their prize.
Players have one year from the original draw date to claim their prize.
Players have one year from the scheduled end date to claim all prizes.
Players have one year to claim their prizes.
Players have options.
Players have 'personae', which exist in a world elsewhere.
Players have personal agendas.
Players have personal rules as well as group rules.
Players have private questions, muttered concerns.
Players have private values, possibly for multiple units.
Players have regular assignments.
Players have reputations in the same way that referees do.
Players have rights.
Players have roles.
Players have same win hands.
Players have several options as far as the first round of betting goes.
Players have several options when booking air travel reservations.
Players have sight.
Players have similar awards available.
Players have some basic traits.
Players have tasks.
Players have the ability to roam anywhere on the map, and leave a conversation at any time.
Players have the ability to rotate the globe to change camera positions at anytime.
Players have the advantage when there are more tens and aces left in the deck.
Players have the aid of any races they have convinced to join in the clash.
Players have the complete ability to shift angles and perspectives with a slight touch.
Players have the freedom to gamble at any online casino, and in any jurisdiction they choose.
Players have the most difficulty overcoming a knee injury mentally.
Players have the most up to date and complete information about how they operate.
Players have the opportunity in the spring to step up and work their way into a starting spot.
Players have the opportunity to compete in our house league , select or representative system.
Players have the opportunity to contribute in an exciting, team-oriented style of baseball.
Players have the opportunity to fine tune their playing skills and study game strategies.
Players have the opportunity to play in organized games and have fun displaying their skills.
Players have the opportunity to play several famous professional courses during the winter.
Players have the opportunity to showcase their skills and team play with the start of practice.
Players have the opportunity to travel within the city, state, and country.
Players have the opportunity to try various positions.
Players have the option of betting on the banker or the player with fairly equal chances on both.
Players have the option of choosing between three skill levels for computer opponents.
Players have the option of choosing one of seven ship types.
Players have the option of hitting from two tees.
Players have the option of using a text editor with a specially designed macro language.
Players have the option of using either traditional combat damage rules, or maximum damage rules.
Players have the option of walking and carrying their bags, or employing caddies.
Players have the option to either play a tile, or move onto a tile that's already been played.
Players have the option to hunt in Maine, Minnesota, South Dakota and Texas.
Players have the option to select their team and three levels of difficulty.
Players have the option to send a text message along with their play.
Players have the right to a safe playing environment.
Players have the right to expect the game to be safe.
Players have the right to have team officials organized and prepared for games and practices.
Players have the right to play and make mistakes without excessive criticism.
Players have the right to play games without parents and spectators coaching from the stands.
Players have their choice of colleges, and most pick their alma maters.
Players have their games critiqued by more advanced players.
Players have their own brooms and there are several kinds of brooms available.
Players have their roles.
Players have thirty seconds to answer questions.
Players have thousands of unduplicated cards to pick from.
Players have three chances using three traps to capture each droid.
Players have three different ways in which to anticipate share price increase and decrease.
Players have three pieces that move one, two, or three empty triangles per turn.
Players have to avoid battle, rest up and then continue fighting.
Players have to be back in the ground by a certain time or the game has to be abandoned.
Players have to be careful about where they choose to socialise.
Players have to be careful how they play now.
Players have to be comfortable in every aspect of their game.
Players have to be equally leery of agents and financial advisers.
Players have to be fast to make it to the pros.
Players have to be impaired in at least three limbs to qualify.
Players have to be impressed by the weather.
Players have to be mentally sound, or the road to the majors can be a very long and bumpy one.
Players have to be together and pull together.
Players have to be ultra-aware of their surroundings.
Players have to be willing to give up some money for more security.
Players have to beat the clock or their letters disappear.
Players have to build a transport for the pigs .
Players have to build a transport for the pigs.
Players have to change, coaches have to change.
Players have to change.
Players have to choose from four guides and supply packages.
Players have to come in and win a spot and defend their turf.
Players have to contend with driven deities who can appear in the city to cause happiness or havoc.
Players have to contend with the front bunker and a pine tree that guards the green.
Players have to create salts by dropping acids onto bases and vica versa.
Players have to deal with things every day.
Players have to decide when they buy the ticket which payment method they want.
Players have to develop the ability to shoot with either foot.
Players have to exercise more control and discipline.
Players have to feel the captain is into it.
Players have to figure out the answer and then use a marker to cover the number on their board.
Players have to find power-ups to get to new areas .
Players have to find power-ups to get to new areas.
Players have to finish their chances, that's all.
Players have to get in game shape and learn the offense and defense for the year.
Players have to have a believe in themselves and faith in their teammates.
Players have to hit a wide variety of shots.
Players have to hit correct answers to move on.
Players have to jump up and make shots.
Players have to lay down their hand cards blind, and slap the pile when certain combinations appear.
Players have to learn more on offense and defense.
Players have to learn to think, and do, for themselves.
Players have to make shots.
Players have to manage their armadas by balancing the budget of each of the ships individually.
Players have to match their wits, and their memories, against a screen full of cards.
Players have to match top cards against the discard pile.
Players have to move into positions of open support.
Players have to navigate nasty weather, tricky courses, and other racers in a play for first place.
Players have to obey the messages or suffer serious setbacks.
Players have to overcome that.
Players have to place well in the races, competing against seven other computer-controlled cars.
Players have to play one shot at a time and focus on what it takes to execute a good shot.
Players have to prepare themselves.
Players have to provide the corresponding questions.
Players have to pull a big urchin out of the water together.
Players have to race to the end of the playing field and back without dropping any of the balls.
Players have to realize that when their time comes to play that they have to be ready.
Players have to remember which card it was.
Players have to replace the gems and connect three gems of the same color .
Players have to replace the gems and connect three gems of the same color.
Players have to stand around, wait, then sprint when cold.
Players have to step up and be players.
Players have to step up their games.
Players have to tap panels on the screen together and reach the goal as quick as possible.
Players have to understand contracts are like any other employment contracts.
Players have to use several techniques for launching their disc towards their correct opponent.
Players have to use teamplay if they want to win.
Players have to win games.
Players have to work to keep control of the weapons.
Players have total control of the trains, first selecting rolling stock to build trains.
Players have two other choices.
Players have unlimited time to agree or disagree.
Players have until that time to formally commit or withdraw.
Players have various rituals that they go through before shooting a free-throw.
Players have win hands.
Players having fun learn more than players sitting and watching a coach demonstrate a skill.
Players head in for the locker room after a hard workout.
Players hear the hype over and over each day and sometimes, they believe it.
Players hear the same gunfire, alien squeals, alarms, and reverberating loud warnings.
Players Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Players help direct a balloon to lift objects into the cubs' treehouses.
Players help each other past the obstacles.
Players help recover the items by playing eight games and four activities.
Players here enjoy a wonderful variety of well-designed courses for surprisingly low costs.
Players here retire and automatically take up coaching.
Players hide injuries.
Players highlighted in blue are underclassmen.
Players hold all other cards at the beginning of the scenario.
Players hold the chute at waist level using both hands in the overhand grip.
Players hold their cards in hand.
Players hold two books and allow communication between books.
Players holding one another accountable for their actions can have a powerful effect.
Players holding the A and a cards get lots of minus points.
Players hone their skills with old sports or try something completely new.
Players hop on alternate feet through the circles without stepping on the animal or the rings.
Players hope for a spot on the roster.
Players identify each clip for added points.
Players identify their strengths and weaknesses through staff interaction.
Players immediately connect with the eye-catching graphics and trendy lingo.
Players impersonate characters as they traverse plots that ooze with horror and suspense.
Players implement marketing strategies in a creative, competitive environment.
Players improve technique as they battle against decisions.
Players improve their skill level by gaining experience.
Players indeed are guilty but even more guilty are the officials.
Players input their scores, fairways and greens hit, putts, birdies and bogeys into a computer.
Players insert coins onto a p layfield filled with other coins.
Players insert one to four tokens and flip for target tubes.
Players insert their player card into the dart machine.
Players install the game and go.
Players interact with each other, encouraging teammates, and debating calls with the referees.
Players interlocking words rack up big scores.
Players invest in various stock excanges, each trying to buy low and sell high.
Players invest themselves in the process, filling in details and suspending disbelief.
Players investigate a reputedly haunted house in Dove Bay and get much more than they bargained for.
Players involved in fall sports try out in the spring.
Players is a somewhat casual comedy club.
Players is a special interest organization that is devoted to the production of theartrical events.
Players is a very well-respected and exciting community of artists.
Players is the next current that flows with all the others in the policy stream.
Players itch to compare their performance, and they want to know where their peers and equals are.
Players jog all over the field.
Players jog in a limited area without the ball.
Players join a rescue team who go out into the wilderness to try to find five kakapo.
Players join America's military elite, pulled from every branch of the armed forces.
Players join and leave all the time.
Players join by challenges, from the bottom, or by choosing an opponent.
Players join up to four different teams in the game, and scores are monitored.
Players jostle for the ball.
Players journey through the spaces according to the number they roll.
Players just click on the server of their choice to enter the game.
Players just wonder.
Players keep a log of their own thoughts and goals.
Players keep crossing back and forth.
Players keep ducking under the limbo stick, as it gets lower and lower.
Players keep hitting balls from the tee stations to the far side of the cage.
Players keep in touch.
Players keep playing cards onto the trick until all players have passed in successsion.
Players keep playing if the ball stays in bounds.
Players keep racing until they get knocked out or win it all.
Players keep records of their inventory, backlog and orders placed with their supplier each week.
Players keep replaying the losses in their minds when they leave the ballpark.
Players keep the cards they select throughout the game.
Players keep track of any change in the status of a neutral city on a piece of paper.
Players keep track of their individual points.
Players keep track of their record of games won and lost for each match.
Players keep track of total number of games won in all three sets.
Players keep trying over and over until they get it right.
Players Keep up to date with the progress of rugby union's finest players on and off the pitch.
Players Keep up with Connecticut's top executives on the move around the state.
Players kick a motionless ball as far and as straight as they possibly can.
Players kick or throw ball to test rather than beat opponent.
Players kick, catch, and, with curled sticks, whack a baseball-sized ball.
Players killed by assassin are out of the game.
Players killing each other is another matter.
Players kneel on one knee, dribbling around their bodies and under the other knee.
Players knock the ball around with their bare hands in the circle.
Players know anything less than the playoffs is a failure.
Players know how to deal with it before they even get to Green Bay.
Players know it.
Players know it's important to take advantage of scoring on the front.
Players know opposing coaches from how they prepare for games and how they behave on sidelines.
Players know players and respect guys who have been there and have been successful.
Players know rules.
Players know that they can always restart the game from scratch or resume a previous saved game.
Players know that trick, too.
Players know that very quickly.
Players know that.
Players know the back nine is going to be different than the opening shot.
Players know the chance for big money is gone, and now the players are gone, too.
Players know they're operating without a net.
Players know what each others' instruments look like.
Players know what they're supposed to do.
Players know when other players mess up.
Players know where the trouble is.
Players know who runs the show at Valley Ranch.
Players largely ignore it or accept it as part of the package.
Players launch careers.
Players launch steel balls and target balls down their chutes only by the force of gravity.
Players lay pipe systems on their own player boards while trying to destroy the opponents system.
Players lay small pieces on the top till one or more pieces fall.
Players lay small weight pieces on top till one or more pieces fall.
Players lead a band of adventurers as they explore a medieval world rife with intrigue and deceit.
Players lead their units, gain territories, and defeat enemy opposition.
Players leam to make quick decisions.
Players leap between the two plot lines, based upon the success or failure of certain missions.
Players learn about constellations as they match stars in the sky to the sky chart.
Players learn about pH, environmental conditions, nutrients and what to do in an insect attack.
Players Learn about the various individuals involved in a typical court proceeding.
Players learn as they play and watch the game.
Players learn best when moving and confronting different situations.
Players learn by example and parents set the most powerful example.
Players learn by seeing hearing and feeling.
Players learn correct techniques and develop an understanding of their position.
Players learn from doing it right but also from doing it wrong.
Players learn from playing.
Players learn from things they did wrong.
Players learn how to balance decisions related to water pollution, personal values, and economics.
Players learn how to play some place other than the melody when playing with others.
Players learn how to search for games, copy games, and move lists.
Players learn information that is both accessible and fascinating throughout the game.
Players learn levels.
Players learn more than three times faster when using the machine only one hour a week.
Players learn proper checking techniques, positional play, breakouts and puck protection.
Players learn science facts as they travel to the center of the earth and back.
Players learn skating skills, responsibility, team concepts.
Players learn that very quickly.
Players learn the necessary traits to overcome adversity in practice.
Players learn the rules and basic skills necessary to play various sports.
Players learn the rules of the game while working on team play and sportsmanship.
Players learn to boost their planning and logic skills.
Players learn to deal with success and failure as a team.
Players learn to hit off a tee, with emphasis on learning the game of softball.
Players learn to listen to relationships with both their mind and body.
Players learn to make quick decisions.
Players learn to pull together, accept differences, be responsible, and lead by example.
Players learn to recognize it and react.
Players learn to respect themselves and others.
Players learn to simply see mistakes as part of the journey and make instant corrections.
Players learn to slash from outside and take advantage of defensive sets.
Players learn to slide into many shots on clay because of the loose surface.
Players learn to stay low while firing off the ball and then to give the dummy an explosive hit.
Players learn to work together as a team.
Players learn while they compete.
Players leave all the time now.
Players leave camp refreshed and full of new soccer ideas.
Players leave, coaches stay.
Players leaving New Zealand, if under contract to any club, miss out on any transfer money.
Players lie down and put their legs in the air.
Players lie down in the tomb.
Players lift bigger weights with less repetitions.
Players like to come here.
Players like to come to teams that have great quarterbacks.
Players like to get stabbed in the back more than in front.
Players like to have a mask that feels stiff even if it s lightweight.
Players like to make things up as they go along.
Players like to speak their minds.
Players limp off the field holding million-dollar hamstrings.
Players line up about three feet from the first cone.
Players line up across the court halfway between the service line and the net.
Players line up and hold hands.
Players line up at one end of room.
Players line up at one end of the grid and dribble through, confronting each defender in turn.
Players line up at the center of the baseline.
Players line up at the tournament.
Players line up behind the ad court baseline.
Players line up behind the center of the baseline on one side of the net.
Players line up between third base and shortstop position facing a thrower at home.
Players line up by couples.
Players line up diagonally across the field.
Players line up in a straight line.
Players line up in pairs facing each other, without bats.
Players line up on the baseline in the deuce court.
Players line up then step out with the worst thing to say or do in that situation.
Players link domino tiles to each other, with longer linked chains providing increasing points.
Players listed alphabetically change seats periodically.
Players listed are among the most looked for.
Players listed here are thus good players to get hold of.
Players listed in boldface are current players.
Players listen to coaches and try to make the right play in the right situation.
Players listen to the clues and then click on the bugs in each habitat to obtain information.
Players literally live online in search of that next level or an elusive magic item.
Players live in the East Outer Drive neighborhood, a proud, working-class area.
Players live on the last game.
Players log on and type messages under a pseudonym to others inside the game.
Players log on to socialize as often as they do to embark on exciting quests.
Players look a tad blocky and move clumsily.
Players look at a scene and then answer questions about it from memory.
Players look at a scene, then answer questions about it from memory.
Players look at the drawings of the court and they can just picture themselves out there.
Players look at the map on the web, then email in their turns to the game master.
Players look at the words on the notepad and choose one which fits the rule on the easel.
Players look at their cards.
Players look choppy and their movements are terrible.
Players look down at the screen from above.
Players look fat and goofy and seem to be missing animations.
Players look forward to the day when they have options.
Players look more human than ever, and play looks more realistic.
Players look okay getting up and down the court, and the passing and shooting animations are fine.
Players look only at their card.
Players look real running down the court, dribbling the ball, and dunking.
Players look real, they move their mouths, are emotional.
Players look through the pictures to find three with a common bond.
Players look to advance their skill and experience through competitive games.
Players look very good and the overall feel is solid.
Players look, and move like real ice hockey players.
Players looking to sign up faster can submit the form below.
Players lose a point for a bogey and three points for a double bogey or worse.
Players lose a point for bogeys and three points for anything worse.
Players lose a pot, they go ballistic.
Players lose a turn for an incorrect answer.
Players lose confidence - complain only on effort.
Players lose fluid.
Players lose games.
Players lose irreplacable personal items, faith in the natural world, and one turn each.
Players lose one point for a bogey and three for a double-bogey.
Players lose or gain Diplomacy points as a result of combat.
Players lose points for killing friendly monsters.
Players lose points when shareholders revolt and file resolutions or lawsuits.
Players lose weight.
Players love the challenge.
Players love the exciting game play and industry leading pay outs.
Players love the live events, and the opportunity for good competition, camaraderie, and a fun time.
Players love to hate tough players.
Players love to see and hear about other players, especially when it is someone they know.
Players lurk behind barriers, phasers in hand, ready to tag the opposition.
Players mainly learn popular well studied versions, often using a recording as a reference.
Players maintain the same set of preferences across different games.
Players make and receive phone calls and faxes ith other players.
Players make and receive phone calls and faxes with other players.
Players make bets on the outcome of the roll.
Players make bets that any particular number or total well show on the three dice.
Players make charitable appearances.
Players make choices based on a quantal choice model, and assume other players do so as well.
Players make cuts through the lane and near the basket.
Players make deposits to personal accounts using credit cards and bank drafts.
Players make diving and sliding catches, throw from their knees and blast the catcher at the plate.
Players make diving catches and give each other high-fives etc after homers.
Players make errors.
Players make friends and form an online community, brilliant players become celebrities.
Players make great crossover dribble moves and lean in for shots.
Players make it difficult.
Players make movement.
Players make musical sound.
Players make pairs and then tap the ends of their eggs together.
Players make plays and their players made some big plays today.
Players make plays.
Players make programs.
Players make sound.
Players make the difference.
Players make the practice.
Players make their best poker hand from three cards.
Players make their courtship decisions based on home video footage provided by the contestants.
Players make their moves simultaneously and in secret.
Players make their moves when they feel for it.
Players make their own calls, and they do it honestly.
Players make their own theme park .
Players make their own theme park.
Players make three bets prior to the starting of the game, in equal amounts.
Players make up a quick play in Shakespearian style about anything the audience chooses.
Players make up definitions to obscure words.
Players make use of personalized locker year-round.
Players make wagers with contest dollars at a variety of tracks.
Players makes it easy to get started.
Players maneuver through intense environmental hazards and annihilate evil enemies.
Players manipulate server capacity to correspond to internet demand.
Players manipulate the immune system to combat a range of diseases.
Players manouvre their pips around the board so as to end up with more pips than their opponent.
Players manuver fleets of ships in an attempt to conquer the known galaxy.
Players mark off fractions when they land on segmented circles on a wipe clean laminated board.
Players mark squares on a game card according to the number of healthy food practices they follow.
Players match riddles with pictures.
Players match their personal values and preferences to different settings.
Players match up pairs of pictures of Our Blessed Mother.
Players maximize security level in a contracted game.
Players meet and compete over Internet connections.
Players meet and determine a format based on whim and the number of people who've shown.
Players meet at the hall, pay a fee to get in, then the games begin.
Players meet at the starters booth in front of the pro shop.
Players meet immediately following the tournament for food and prizes.
Players meet minimum requirements.
Players meet requirements.
Players meet the inhabitants of Letter Island, the letters of the alphabet.
Players meet to play together on a server .
Players merely match their pace to their capabilities and proceed from there.
Players merely match their pace to their capabilities, and proceed from there.
Players merely provide emotional triggers to exploit the public for profit.
Players miraculously appear back in action.
Players miss the chance to graduate, but they also miss the chance to mature as people.
Players mouth off to each other, but they always mouth off to dealers.
Players move alternatively and can move in any direction along a line to an adjacent point.
Players move arms.
Players move around in a battle arena.
Players move around the board collecting the various cards.
Players move around the board hunting for animal pairs that are hiding under playing cards.
Players move around the screen eating dots.
Players move around the track encountering various situations, either good or bad.
Players move around wonderfully.
Players move believably, colors are bright, and games are easy to follow.
Players move between sections.
Players move farther apart.
Players move fingers.
Players move from home to home at lightning quick speed.
Players move from platform to platform via giant trampoline-like jump pads.
Players move from target to target trying to hit the target by kicking a beanbag at it.
Players move in and out of the circle by hopping.
Players move in any direction, even in several different directions within one turn.
Players move in counterclockwise order.
Players move in order from lowest die-roll to highest.
Players move in turn around the board and starting with the player who rolls the highest number.
Players move in turn by removing a single piece from the board.
Players move in turn to place one stone on a vacant cell.
Players move in turn to place one stone on an empty cell.
Players move in turn.
Players move mirrors, delectors, and splitters and fire the laser cannon.
Players move naturally on the field and the ball physics are much improved from last year's version.
Players move octagonal game pieces or pods across a grid to occupy their opponents' positions.
Players move on and so do coaches.
Players move on to other teams after the team develops and matures the player.
Players move pieces on their side of the board.
Players move rocks across a wooden plank, capturing opponent's rocks while jockeying for postion.
Players move slowly around the court, with sluggish response times that become frustrating at times.
Players move the ball down field by passing the ball from player to player.
Players move the motorcycle by clicking on the arrows at the bottom of the screen.
Players move the way they are supposed to.
Players move their feet and clap their hands until the last whistle.
Players move their party around grid-based maps, selecting attacks, using items and casting spells.
Players move their pieces along tracks and, on certain occasions, between tracks.
Players move their pieces around the board to try to make it to the safe zone.
Players move their pieces diagonally from one square to another square.
Players move through each mystery and solve puzzles to accumulate clues.
Players move through the sequence of categories by successfully answering questions.
Players move to opposite end of pool, once there they switch positions.
Players move turn-wise, just as in normal chess.
Players move up one step on each ziggurat for every card of that commodity they own.
Players move up or down the number of floors indicated by their answers.
Players move when the master arrives at their board, master replies and moves on.
Players move with such a fluidity it's stupefying.
Players multiply numbers mentally.
Players multiply the three numbers together to make a hit.
Players mustn t throw darts away, however.
Players navigate their way around the grid lines changing the color as they go.
Players navigate their way around the grid lines, changing the colours as they go.
Players navigate through backstage rooms, solving drama and music inspired puzzles.
Players need energy.
Players needing eyeglasses use only shatterproof lenses.
Players never get tired of saying it.
Players never lose a turn or get sent back.
Players never say that kind of stuff.
Players never say they are tired.
Players normally stop somewhere around here and agree to a draw.
Players note many tough sidehill lies.
Players now add up their treasure chest cards.
Players now are more athletically gifted.
Players now bring one fist over the table and simultaneously reveal the number of chips in the fist.
Players now can earn world ranking points from the Canadian Tour.
Players now can truly feel the game experience.
Players now can win ion nine prize categories.
Players now choose and dice for other area features.
Players now come from all sectors of the community.
Players now compete to carry traffic between towns.
Players now have a week every year to represent their country instead of every other year.
Players now have different heights, increased shading and new uniforms.
Players now hop from team to team like they're changing buses.
Players now play to get to the pros.
Players now receive coins every month instead of every week.
Players now regard the Cup as little more than a consolation prize.
Players now see themselves first and foremost as professionals.
Players now train the entire body and there is something for every part of the body.
Players now wear costumes and interact directly.
Players obtain gems that add various magical effects such as fire, thunder and wind to weapons.
Players obtain pledges from interested fans for each dig they record.
Players obtain the coordinates of a particular stash, or cache.
Players obviously learn the moves going against no defense.
Players occasionally forget the number of outs in an inning.
Players offers comprehensive statistics on active players.
Players Offers nylon underwear.
Players offers the fastest payouts on the web.
Players only attack each other if they're armies are gone.
Players only earn points for their team while they are playing.
Players only earn their scheduled base salaries if they are on the team's roster.
Players only have three choices- two of which match.
Players only speak when indicated by the judge.
Players only use one-word clues.
Players open cities for trade by placing the round city markers on cities with matching numbers.
Players open doors.
Players open their fists simultaneously.
Players operate a fishing company on a common pool of fish.
Players operate in an initially unknown environment, and start at a random location in the maze.
Players organize up to five different competing expeditions.
Players overcome obstacles and find buried treasure.
Players own their own unique login name and password.
Players pair off with a ball.
Players pair two tiles with corresponding tiles.
Players pair up as a ballcarrier and a defensive player.
Players pair up with players just as tall on a line.
Players pair up.
Players participate at their own risk.
Players participate by the purchase of a ticket from an agent.
Players participate in a mock-debate about captive breeding of endangered species.
Players participate in events.
Players participate in games utilizing a theme.
Players participate in part due to fan interest.
Players participate in Selects to improve their abilities and, therefore, improve their club team.
Players participate in small-sided games ranging from one versus one to six versus six.
Players participate in the camp by invitation only.
Players participate within a friendly environment.
Players participating in college baseball are eligible.
Players pass and receive moving the ball up the ladder.
Players pass ball back and forth.
Players pass the ball through the water and score points by getting it into a triangular goal.
Players pass the ball to teammates, attempting to toss the ball into their opponent s goal.
Players pass the ball to the player with the number one higher than their own.
Players pass the jars down the line.
Players pass the orange down the line using only their chins.
Players pass the zoom ball to each other along cords by moving handles apart, then together.
Players pay a fee to enter tournaments, with the tournament winner or winners getting a cash prize.
Players pay costs for learning languages.
Players pay only the standard weekly price once per week.
Players pay only when they play at least one game .
Players pay the price.
Players pay their airfare and a flat fee for all expenses.
Players pay their own travel and lodging.
Players peel the rubber off the blade before they play and apply a fresh coat of glue.
Players peg up on the outside of the board and back on the inside.
Players penalize themselves.
Players perform better with less fatigue and less chance of leg and ankle injuries.
Players perform distinct functions, but they come to realize that they also depend on each other.
Players perform free of charge through out the county.
Players perform hundreds of trick combinations in a variety of realistic, obstacle-filled locations.
Players perform off pure adreneline because the playoffs are so grueling.
Players perform tight tricks like no-footers, tailwhips, tabletops and supermen.
Players perform two sprints per lap.
Players pick a celebrity who is likely to suffer a newsworthy death soon.
Players pick a character and race on one of the courses provided.
Players pick a product and a startup region.
Players pick a ship, including weapons.
Players pick and pass cards as fast as they can to spell words or make math equations.
Players pick discards from five cards showing, or stand with a pat hand.
Players pick everything from team members to the positions they play.
Players pick from one of as many as nine fearsome warriors.
Players pick one statistic, the player with the highest card wins and keeps the card.
Players pick ships based on handicap points. .
Players pick the aircraft and type of training takeoff, landing, interception and bombing.
Players pick their favorite neighborhood court or tennis club to play the match.
Players pick up and transport regional commodities as they learn routes to nationwide destinations.
Players picture the scenes and weave a story from the given cards.
Players piece together clues and solve puzzles to win the game.
Players pin a life of the appropriate colour to their right shoulder.
Players pinch the boards to keep the puck in the offensive zone.
Players pit their wits against the latest and greatest digital quiz game.
Players pitch full time during the games.
Players pitch full time.
Players place a marker on the square to claim the space.
Players place a wager, called the ante.
Players place an initial wager with the option of maKing a tie bet against the dealer.
Players place an interactive puzzle or book on the platform and insert the corresponding cartridge.
Players place bets against the house on the layout.
Players place bets in marked areas of the table.
Players place buildings on previously empty terrain and construct a city.
Players place chips on the layout of numbers to place a bet.
Players place events in time and put time in it's place.
Players place one fist over table.
Players place pieces on the board until they are able to jump their oponnents pieces.
Players place the eight Treasure City counters face down anywhere on the map.
Players place their bet on a translucent glass board that lights up all winning combinations.
Players place their bets in the box corresponding to their seat position.
Players place their bets on the space or spaces of their choice.
Players place their bets prior to the cards being dealt.
Players place their eight playing pieces on either the knight or dragon starting positions.
Players place their movement markers at the other end of the line.
Players place their pieces in a vacant space.
Players place their planet symbols along the edge of the board in front of themselves.
Players place their shuttles on either of the two blank spots on the sun.
Players place their wagers before and while the roulette wheel and ball spin.
Players place tiles alternately, either side up, onto any flat surface.
Players plan to use a variety of techniques to keep golf on their minds.
Players play a card when it matches the fish on the game board.
Players play against each other.
Players play against other teams that match age and ability.
Players play against themselves, and the rounds go quickly.
Players play alternately.
Players play and coaches coach.
Players play and practice once a week with a wrap up tournament at the end of each session.
Players play as a cat-like hero and shoot blobs.
Players play at their own risk.
Players play both offense and defense.
Players play cards that either cause their journey to progress or delay the other driver.
Players play directly against each other instead of against the house odds.
Players play each hole in turn.
Players play each other in two games simultaneously, once as white and once as black.
Players play football, fellas.
Players play for enjoyment.
Players play for three reasons.
Players play four different games over three days to determine a champion of champions.
Players play hard and within the bounds of fairness.
Players play harder, which means the intensity is sky-high and the fouls are a bit harder.
Players play in teams and use either motorbikes or vans to collect and deliver parcels.
Players play in their local leagues and the winners advance to a sectional tournament.
Players play in their respective flights, based on scores.
Players play in turn clockwise.
Players play in turn, so everyone gets a chance to win.
Players play movies as well as karaoke videos with lyrics.
Players play offense and defense with the exception of the kicker, quarterback and kick returner.
Players play one ball and alternate hitting the ball until the hole is complete.
Players play one to a part and are challenged with comparatively virtuosic performance requirements.
Players play only against other players, never the house, with a guaranteed prize to the winner.
Players play out the ball.
Players play primarily against themselves.
Players play red apple cards face down.
Players play the first three weeks and, according to how far they get, accumulate circuit points.
Players play the game but teams win championships.
Players play the games, but it's a team that wins a championship.
Players play the role of a valkyrie set out to collect and raise dead souls.
Players play their cards on the table to form a face-up pile alongside the stock.
Players play their own individual ball off the tee.
Players play through a campaign game in which the goal is to reunite the country.
Players play through blowing air through the double reed , making the reeds vibrate .
Players play through blowing air through the double reed, making the reeds vibrate.
Players play tiles to try to close areas of their color to score points.
Players play until they have two losses.
Players play, coaches coach.
Players please arrive early enough to complete check-in and player profile sheets.
Players plot the movement of their fleets on the strategic map in advance.
Players point their cursors to where they think the cash is hidden and click.
Players points tables are updated following each round.
Players poke at their opponents shots and the ball stays in play.
Players police themselves that way.
Players ponder becoming international rockstars and spend idle time honing basketball skills.
Players portray investigators of the unknown and unspeakable.
Players portray investigators of things unknown and unspeakable.
Players pose for a team portrait early in the trip.
Players possess capacity.
Players possess good skills and are endurance runners.
Players possess large capacity.
Players possess large storage capacity.
Players possess storage capacity.
Players pound the ball inside and look for good shots.
Players practice asking and answering questions.
Players practice hitting a smash from a shuttle lobbed by a partner from the other side of the net.
Players practice shooting there every day when the net is empty.
Players practice three times each week with typically one or two games on weekends.
Players practice volley and half-volley shooting.
Players practice weekly and play in tournaments ten months a year.
Players practice with a person of their choice.
Players prefer big pocket opportunities rather than shot angles where pocket openings are obscured.
Players prefer natural grass because it is easier on their legs and knees.
Players prefer to hurl later in the year and people prefer watching it then.
Players prefer to play players of comparable rank.
Players prefer to sign before or after their rounds.
Players prefer to step to one side to get a look at the curving path of the ball's trajectory.
Players press on the analog stick and wait for the framerate to fully catch up.
Players pretend who they are while the audience tries to guess.
Players produce the fundamental note by loosely vibrating their lips against the mouthpiece.
Players progress at their own speed and safety is an underlying principle of all activities.
Players progress through the levels helping each other along the way.
Players progress through warm-up and short speed drills to more complex drills.
Players propel themselves by correctly answering questions from a variety of topics.
Players propel themselves using the spike-end of the stick and play the puck using the blade end.
Players protect wealth.
Players prove the latter with their post-match parties, which are known for their beer consumption.
Players provide information.
Players provide own rackets.
Players provide paddles and balls.
Players provide such information.
Players provide their own clubs and shoes.
Players provide their own glove, but ALL supplies a uniform.
Players provide their own gloves and spikes.
Players provide their own uniforms and wear full equipment in the games.
Players pump their fist after nice shots and fall to their knees in disgust after poor shots.
Players purchase new editions every couple of years and game companies make gobs and gobs of money.
Players purposely distract the opponents.
Players pursue the best poker hand using three cards of their own plus two community cards.
Players push it out when it's been coming in.
Players push the ball using one bandaged hand.
Players push themselves to dribble faster, score more baskets and jump higher than anyone else.
Players qualify for the show by calling a toll-free number and answering two rounds of questions.
Players quickly establish characters and relationship.
Players quit and coaches turned on each other.
Players race across every type of terrain, around hairpin corners, and over crazy jumps.
Players race around a geometric board answering entertaining and informative math questions.
Players race around the board catching diseases and trying to be cured.
Players race around the board, trying to capture secrets from other player s embassies.
Players race around the game board to be the first on Mars.
Players race their tokens around a track as lowly messenger boys .
Players race their tokens around a track as lowly messenger boys.
Players race through a variety of tracks with futuristic hover-vehicles.
Players race through the course getting stuck in some strange positions.
Players race through the streets of a realistic downtown Chicago.
Players race to complete their streetcar lines.
Players race to get ball from center circle and dribble to score on goal.
Players race to see who can clear their boards the fastest, and thus survive the longest.
Players race up there side of the hill to gain control of the fort.
Players racing to touch the puck leads to unnecessary injuries.
Players rack up points on how they do.
Players rake and line the fields, and umpires sometimes let kids help scuff the balls before games.
Players rally and vote for the map they want to play next.
Players range from seven years old to over fifty years old including men and women.
Players range in age from early-teens to the eighties.
Players range in age from five years to the high school division.
Players range in age from four years old to eighteen years old.
Players range in strength from novice to grandmaster.
Players rank staff their armies with anyone, trolls, knights, nomads, elves, dwarves, or ghosts.
Players rapidly gain skill through repetition.
Players rave about the feel and the tone.
Players razz each other.
Players react differently to certain situations.
Players react more quickly to certain game situations and match-ups.
Players react to situations and show their emotion.
Players react with different techniques.
Players realize, however, that their market value depends on their performance.
Players really develop there.
Players really have to sell themselves.
Players receive a certificate and paste-on decals that they receive as they complete each phase.
Players receive a chat box notification when the egg has hatched.
Players receive a fall ball tee shirt .
Players receive a free door-prize ticket with each play pack purchased.
Players receive a free score statistics analysis after each tournament.
Players receive a game jersey with their name on it for easy identification and a game hat.
Players receive a negative quota of points, called a hurdle, based on their handicaps.
Players receive a number of free levels equal to half the total attributes.
Players receive a t-shirt.
Players receive an entry form regardless the outcome of that particular hand.
Players receive an invitation each week to participate in weekly game.
Players receive an opportunity to develop important life skills for life beyond cricket.
Players receive bonuses on all deposits.
Players receive credit for the highest norm achieved.
Players receive eight points for a double eagle, five for an eagle and two for a birdie.
Players receive either four or six cards each turn, depending upon whether there is peace or war.
Players receive five points each time they are selected a star of the game.
Players receive gifts created exclusively for the tournament.
Players receive immediate feedback on the answers and how they scored.
Players receive individual attention in a fun and competitive atmosphere.
Players receive information about themselves and their development continuously.
Players receive morning instruction, lunch, golf with a playing lesson and take home packets.
Players receive no influence for opening a branch in a city.
Players receive one free scratcher per day.
Players receive one point for each card in any trick that they lay down.
Players receive one point for each card they have won.
Players receive one point for winning their matches, contributing to an overall team score.
Players receive payoffs after round.
Players receive plenty of positive verbal feedback.
Players receive points based on their finish in each tournament.
Players receive points for each person on their list who kicks the bucket during the year.
Players receive points for the balls closest to the pallino.
Players receive points only for the cards that are involved with a balanced equation.
Players receive positive feedback each time they are successful.
Players receive rankings and can compete in the state closed event in the fall.
Players receive reinforcements, make any required withdrawals and roll a die to determine weather.
Players receive t-shirts and an unlimited number of friendships.
Players receiving other significant sponsorship at the time of the awards are ineligible.
Players recieve additional points for control of the center.
Players recline on wooden lawn chairs in uncovered dugouts and chat with fans and foes alike.
Players recognize that faster than coaches.
Players recognize the benefits immediately.
Players record their scores in the boxes provided below the numbers.
Players recruit ships and captains, sending squadrons of up to six ships at a time into battle.
Players refer their friends and relatives to the coach.
Players referee their own matches.
Players reflexively glance away from the table when dealt a monster hand, faking indifference.
Players refuse to slide for fear of ruining their manicure.
Players refuse to walk when caught.
Players regain health.
Players register and are assigned to teams based upon residence location and school.
Players register in their home city and play about half their games at home.
Players register with a credit card to pay entry fees.
Players regularly question the visual acuity of umpires.
Players rehearse together once each week, with an additional sectional rehearsal per week required.
Players relax during two half-hour breaks in a lounge overlooking the courts.
Players relish winning, in solo and group competition.
Players rely on instinct.
Players remain in game for the entire time.
Players remain in the lobby until they join or create a game, or go offline.
Players remain on court while captains report to the second referee's area for coin toss.
Players remain on the same team while they are in majors.
Players repair ball marks on each green.
Players repeat each step.
Players replace starting with the phasing player and continuing clockwise.
Players replenish their ammo and defense stocks with drops from allied transport planes.
Players represent nations.
Players represent the global powers involved in the mission.
Players require rubbed soled shoes on Wednesdays until the end of the cricket season.
Players reside with host families and remit a fee.
Players resolve their own disputes fairly.
Players resolve their own disputes.
Players respect baseball and their coaching staff.
Players respond to that.
Players respond to the resignation.
Players respond when they see that sort of courage from a teammate.
Players retire, improve and lose skills, rookies are drafted, and free agents are signed.
Players return again and again to catch up with friends.
Players return from the movie and are escorted to their floor by flashlight.
Players return the ball over to the other team's half of the court.
Players return to the end of their respective lines and the drill continues.
Players return to the end of their respective lines, and the drill continues.
Players return to the start, lining up in the opposite line.
Players return under the terms of the old basic agreement.
Players returning from the previous year get first priority in filling the roster.
Players reveal their totals and the best lowest score wins.
Players ride horses, hit a ball with a mallet and attempt to score goals.
Players ring in and select options using keys on the keyboard.
Players roll a ball that contains bells that can be heard through eight open holes.
Players roll a die to determine who goes first.
Players roll a multi-colored trackball to simulate throwing a bowling ball down the alley.
Players roll all their own dice, they decide who they attack as well.
Players roll dice with low choosing which player number to be.
Players roll for initiative.
Players roll for one new technology to become available.
Players roll for random orders for soldiers without order chips.
Players roll the ball along the ground for their partner to field.
Players roll the die and move closer to and onto the fish on the game board.
Players roll the die and move the indicated number of spaces in any direction.
Players roll the die to determine who goes first.
Players roll the die to see who starts.
Players roll the die, with the player rolling the highest number going first.
Players roll two dice to find out how far their pieces can move in one turn .
Players roll two dice to find out how far their pieces can move in one turn.
Players rotate a spindle with colored petals on it.
Players rotate clockwise in an official game when their team receives the ball for service.
Players rotate each time someone catches the ball.
Players rotate every two minutes with a stoppage in play.
Players rotate from one line to the other line.
Players rotate from year to year as do playlists.
Players rotate positions.
Players rotate shooting positions clockwise.
Players rotate to steal passes.
Players rotate turns around the table.
Players rotate, changing partners to play six holes.
Players routinely attend football camp at one school and then commit to another.
Players routinely drive to the bottom of the hill and hit short irons.
Players routinely fly balls into the middle third of the surface.
Players routinely pivot to shoot or pass.
Players routinely use such tactics to force their new clubs to raise their salaries.
Players rule over a vast Empire and have an army of Dragons.
Players run an average of seven miles during a game.
Players run and gun their opponents through the sewers of Las Vegas.
Players run around in goal areas in a scramble until whistle is blown.
Players run in any direction, and they wear hand-painted football uniforms and jerseys.
Players run off.
Players run on and off the field simulating game substitution situations.
Players run out on too the field and jump around.
Players run the course carrying one club.
Players run to other side if they are wearing called attribute.
Players run to the first gate, back to the start, to the second gate, back to the start, etc.
Players run up and down the boxes, concentrating on proper running technique.
Players run with different resolutions, frame rates, and network bandwidth.
Players run, swing, and leap in a very realistic fashion.
Players save money by finishing models themselves.
Players say a league is needed to maintain the growth of women's soccer.
Players say it happens so frequently they're numb to it.
Players say it s a philosophy and a mentality that is transferred directly on to the field.
Players say it.
Players say junk about mamas and sisters to get players off their game.
Players say something by typing in the edit control in the bottom of the window.
Players say that the horses are the most important athletes on the field.
Players say the game is worth playing because it's fun and it pays.
Players say the market is in a correction mode, which is a healthy sign.
Players say the rules of the game prohibit violence and that blood-letting is beyond the pale.
Players say the task of advancing their game as an international sport is a mammoth one.
Players say the tiny greens are playing a bit bouncy, a characteristic common to new greens.
Players say they are able to get better traction and the field makes the game quicker.
Players say they are at home here.
Players say they compete with much more confidence when then find a cestato their liking.
Players scamper on and off the miniature field with no break in the action.
Players schedule one match a week at their convenience.
Players score a point if the final prediction is correct.
Players score a varying number of points for hitting different targets.
Players score as in a normal game.
Players score by passing a ball through the cones to a teammate running on to the pass.
Players score for captured blocks and for the value of the spaces their blocks occupy.
Players score in all four colors, of course, but only the weakest color counts toward victory.
Players score one point for a win, half- point for a draw, zero points for a loss.
Players score one point for a win, half-point for a draw, zero points for a loss.
Players score one point for each time they hit the target for the round.
Players score one point for every monkey tagged.
Players score one point for their team each time the ball crosses the net, and all play is timed.
Players score points for finding the correct words - the longer the more valuable.
Players score points for melding combinations of cards, and for taking certain cards in tricks.
Players scoring in the top half of the first preliminary round go straight to the semi-final round.
Players scratch off the play area on a ticket to uncover dollar amounts.
Players scratch off the play area to reveal temperatures and dollar amounts.
Players scratch off the play area to uncover playing cards, numbers and dollar amounts.
Players search for the needed items by checking the furniture in each of the rooms.
Players search their cards to find a design with that point symmetry.
Players search their cards to see if they have that shape.
Players secretly choose professions each round with a mind to building the greatest buildings.
Players see how the different species of plants and animals in a desert depend on one another.
Players see it differently.
Players see members.
Players see movement.
Players see opportunity.
Players see six circles arranged in a larger circle on the screen.
Players see their comments on the cable highlight shows.
Players seek other solutions to conflicts than combat, and roleplay more often.
Players seek safety between touch lines.
Players seek to establish a string of five stones in a straight line on a large grid.
Players seek to expand their power and fame over three epochs.
Players seek to give, and receive, too.
Players seem fed up with conventional software.
Players seem to be moving quicker.
Players seem to have to work overtime to win in Houston.
Players seem to rise or fall so easily based on just a few workouts and interviews.
Players seem to swing slow but the ball travels at high speed.
Players seem to understand their roles, and an identity is taking shape out on the ice.
Players seen from a birds-eye view look like Lemmings.
Players seize all prongs from pods that they capture.
Players select a captain for their team.
Players select a city in which to create their initial noble.
Players select a level of difficulty and then answer problems as they appear on the screen.
Players select a set of numbers from a larger pool.
Players select different colored turtles to place across the stream.
Players select difficulty levels.
Players select from a number of background looped tunes and adjust the volume of various effects.
Players select levels.
Players select options.
Players select pieces from a bin.
Players select subject cards and take turns telling stories.
Players select their favorite tokens and spin to proceed.
Players select their starting ambassador.
Players selecting lighter racquets tend to be skilled control and touch players, juniors, and women.
Players sell tickets.
Players send in orders and receive a turn report a couple of times per week.
Players send in orders before each turn.
Players serve again, with no limit on amount.
Players serve to their partner - the partners catch the balls and serve it back to their partners.
Players serving penalties at the end of the game are ineligible for the shootout.
Players shag opponents, protect their agents, score points and win.
Players shake hands and pat each other on the back in the middle of the diamond.
Players shake their heads while they knot their ties.
Players share career highs and lows.
Players share dorm-style rooms with bunk beds, and have one bathroom.
Players share equal and similar roles with an emphasis on integration and balance.
Players share it with their families, share it with their cities, their fans.
Players share one pair of dice.
Players share teasures and leave some behind for grump.
Players share the cabana with the swimmers.
Players share their personal lifestories, along with a motivational or anti-drug message.
Players shift weight.
Players shoot a path to the stars while escaping the onslaught of careening asteroids.
Players shoot down or capture the parts.
Players shoot for a set amount per point, often a dollar.
Players shoot for a set amount per point, often a pound.
Players shoot in turn around the circle as per usual.
Players shoot in turns.
Players shoot only the object balls in all games.
Players shoot targets that pop out of certain areas.
Players shoot their designated balls into their corresponding holes to score points.
Players shoot to determine who plays first.
Players show complete respect to the visitors.
Players show one chip to win the five card hand.
Players show respect for each other, coaches, spectators and the referee.
Players show strength.
Players show two chips to win both hands.
Players show zero chips to win the two card hand.
Players sign autographs after every game and male break dancers have replaced the cheerleaders.
Players sign autographs after every game.
Players sign autographs for the fans at the party.
Players sign stuff all the time outside of shows and the clubhouse.
Players sign up and get a friend to sign up also.
Players sign up for the games the day before they start.
Players sign up in teams of two.
Players sign up individually and are placed on teams based on skill level.
Players sign up individually, with their friends, or by teams.
Players sign up on day in advance.
Players signal the others with whom they wish to form a group.
Players simply buy a ticket from their online lottery retailer.
Players simply drop coins which are propelled up the power ramp and into the Wheel of Wonder.
Players simply fill out an electronic registration form and are added to a jurisdiction's database.
Players simply have 'their name taken' .
Players simply itch to find out what happens next.
Players simply press an arrow to work through the different levels of the package.
Players simply scratch the latex covering on the tickets to reveal symbols or prizes.
Players simply scratch the play areas of all four games and the bonus area.
Players simply select one of a group of colorful fish to hear rhymes.
Players simply stand and look too much.
Players simultaneously reveal their choice of card.
Players sink balls of alternating colors.
Players sit across from their partner.
Players sit around the playing area or table .
Players sit around the table and roll the dice in turn.
Players sit facing each other.
Players sit for one month at a time.
Players sit in a circle and use their hands to try to take the ball away from other players.
Players sit in a circle with a lot of beer.
Players sit in a circle with an empty plastic bottle in the center.
Players sit in a circle.
Players sit in chairs.
Players sit on a specially designed sled.
Players sit on benches.
Players sit on ground in large circle.
Players sit on sleds mounted on skate blades.
Players sit on the benches in front of their lockers.
Players sit round a table, each with paper and pencil.
Players sit with their fingers resting on a plastic heart-shaped piece called a planchette.
Players sitting opposite each other are partners.
Players skate full length.
Players sketch kid-orientated themes for their teammates to guess in a minute or less.
Players slap hands after making shots, and are introduced with light spectacles.
Players slip over.
Players solve algebraic equations to shoot the correct number.
Players solve division problems to help a robot fuel a space ship.
Players solve puzzles and find various guns to help a town overtaken by flesh-eating zombies.
Players soon discover that all characters in the game are suspect.
Players soon stock out.
Players span a large range of ages, and some have families and children.
Players speak at halftime to the crowd.
Players speak in turn clockwise.
Players spend logs to move, at a rate of one open space per log.
Players spend many hours during the year and throughout the off-season improving their strength.
Players spend many more hours there.
Players spend most of their time figuring out when and who to trust.
Players spin a spinner to determine what color space they'll move to.
Players spin the dreidl in turn, and the results advance racers in the matching lanes by one space.
Players spin to decide which object to buy, and draw a card to determine the mark-up or discount.
Players spin to select coloured shapes, then use the pieces to decorate the beautiful butterfly.
Players spin two disks and push the marbles up and down to match on both sides.
Players spins a spinner on their turn.
Players spit tobacco juice into gaping spike wounds, and harping fans kept on the players.
Players spout it all the time.
Players stake out territory by surrounding it.
Players stalk each other over virtual landscapes, savoring the thrill of pretend life and death.
Players stalk one another on a digital version of the original playing floor.
Players stand a good chance of being teleported into a mountain or worse.
Players stand alongside the board and toss a small bag at the hole in the opposite facing board.
Players stand around the craps table.
Players stand at ground level and throw from in front of the game.
Players stand at one side of the court and shoot or roll their shooter toward a line.
Players stand in a circle facing each other and toss gruggles back and forth.
Players stand in a circle, with one person in the middle holding the ball.
Players stand in a large circle.
Players stand in lines until it is time for a match.
Players stand in scatter formation.
Players stand shoulder to shoulder.
Players start accumulating points on the first game of the playoffs.
Players start arriving, put on their cleats, and split themselves into teams of seven.
Players start as the assistant manager of a theme park under corporate control.
Players start at opposite ends.
Players start at random points in the playing area.
Players start at the top of a peak and decide how to win.
Players start at zero in flagrant-foul points when the playoffs begin.
Players start by making a good wet pass into set.
Players start by placing one piece along the edge on their side of the board.
Players start by placing their edge piece on the planet on their side of the board.
Players start getting no drug clauses in their contracts and they have a lot to lose if caught.
Players start in a line on thebottom corner of the court.
Players start in a ready position, receive a ball and pass back to target.
Players start in the centre of the room and are able to move around.
Players start off normally, with a tight reticule.
Players start on the back nine at the same time.
Players start out blue, but if they attack another citizen they become gray.
Players start out with a specified amount of money and have to win races to obtain more.
Players start out with a town and then build it up until the first goal is reached.
Players start out with a virtual district that represents their physical real world district.
Players start out with access to the first batch of lanes in a novice-like mode.
Players start out with the standard pistol, which is basically useless against opponents.
Players start the game off by purchasing a car and then freely cruising about the highway.
Players start the game with a hand of cards corresponding to cities on the map.
Players start the game with a voting box into which a question card has been inserted.
Players start the game with an interactive history of their clan.
Players start the game with five ailments passed out randomly.
Players start the game with randomly dealt hands and an equal cash supply.
Players start their game at each corner of the board.
Players start to run at half speed toward the end zone looking inside for the ball.
Players start with a one-car train and build on their meld to maximize points and bonuses.
Players start with a small town.
Players start with an empty vehicle and add components such as sensors, weapons, and engines.
Players start with an existing force and play through the scenario with it.
Players start with four downcards.
Players start with infinite ammo, full health, and full armor.
Players start with one animal each and they have to clone the animal when it's their turn.
Players start with one character.
Players start with placing their major pieces.
Players start with the same amount of money and re-buys are limited.
Players start with their two sock balls, but can pick up other socks balls from the floor.
Players stay alive by annihilating their opponents first .
Players stay cooler, drier and more comfortable.
Players stay for the count.
Players stay in a motel room with their parents.
Players stay in role and there are plenty of plots and storylines going down.
Players stay on base until ball is hit.
Players stay on the field for about two minutes before coming out for a rest.
Players stay on their bikes a little too often after clumsy landings, especially side landings.
Players stay too long, they end up in the wrong uniforms and they leave long after their magic.
Players steal cars, mug innocent victims, and kill cops.
Players step into a world of options where they can create a new face.
Players still are able to describe the smells, sounds and emotions of that game.
Players still build up to one hotel per property, but the bank never runs out of materials.
Players still communicate from box to box.
Players still have time to register for the various regional team tournaments.
Players still hold up names and stick in their knives.
Players stop and stretch as needed.
Players stop moving when the connection is lost.
Players strap on a giant foam and vinyl dart with a removable hook fastener tip, a.k.a.
Players stress other points that seemed linked with the lack of communication.
Players strive to work hard on the playing field and in the classroom.
Players struggle to bridge the gap between club and international cricket.
Players struggle to sleep after games.
Players study games.
Players sub in and out depending on how many are in attendance.
Players submit cases into a sealed cardboard box, usually kept in the training room.
Players submit their moves by e-mail, and the results are posted on web pages.
Players submit video tapes for review, receive suggestions for improvement of skills.
Players substitute and take water breaks only after completion of the game.
Players suck up the trash and wash the vomit that has collected in the theme parks.
Players supply balls for each night of tennis.
Players supply racquets and balls.
Players supply their own health insurance and receive no pay until the end of the tour.
Players swap lines after each turn.
Players swarm to the ball instead of learning teamwork and passing.
Players swim around, collect coins and pearls and watch movie clips.
Players swing, dive, and throw from their knees with incredible realism.
Players switch clubs for personal reasons or whatever.
Players switch courts only after scoring.
Players switch lines after each turn.
Players switch positions on the return trip.
Players switch roles at the other end line and then return.
Players switch roles on the far baseline and the drill continues coming back.
Players switch sides at half time.
Players switch to the inactive set when they lose a game.
Players take a few moments to fill out our new player survey .
Players take a penalty stroke if they ground their club in the hazard.
Players take a pounding on the floor and trainers always are in demand after games.
Players take a relaxing dip in the pool after an action packed day of basketball.
Players take a turns with a small paper flag and tape trying to mark the X while blindfolded.
Players take advantage of both individual score symbols on the tiles and premium board positions.
Players take advantage of clues and pinpoint feeding and bedding areas.
Players take alternate moves.
Players take alternate turns and the difference in times is accumulated to provide a game score.
Players take alternating turns staking out their territory on a large grid.
Players take as many clubs they want to carry, and often use a fanny pack for balls and tees.
Players take better care of themselves today.
Players take breaks.
Players take chances.
Players take control of a buddy, a colorful little peg with legs and arms.
Players take control of a heavily-armed hovertank, and join one of two sides.
Players take control of the protagonist and a growing army of supporters.
Players take fadeaway jumpers and extend their arms for blocked shots.
Players take fans on tours of the stadium several times during the season.
Players take it in turn to start the betting.
Players take it in turns to place a single node label into the correct node.
Players take it in turns.
Players take on roles of scheming archeologists.
Players take on the character of the lovable mouse.
Players take on the classical fantasy roles of warriors, monks, clerics, and necromancers.
Players take on the role of a dragon rider in one of three fully detailed, warring factions.
Players take on the role of boxer and manager.
Players take on the role of dark denizens in a gothic-punk milieu.
Players take on the roles of different characters to steal, buy, and build their way to victory.
Players take on the roles of either Hera or Zeus who are engaging each other in yet another feud.
Players take part in competition one at a time, in twos or in groups.
Players take position one yard apart.
Players take the helm of historical European nations as they battle economically and militarily.
Players take the phaser from the stand at the beginning of the game and replace it at the end.
Players take the role of a powerful family member.
Players take the role of coaches and attempt to lead their team to victory.
Players take the role of fallen winged gods, who battle for dominion over the lands of mortal men.
Players take the role of heroic freedom fighters against the Bugs.
Players take the role of lunatic Trabant drivers.
Players take the role of psychics and agents.
Players take the role of special citizens with exceptional talents and skills.
Players take the roles of party leaders positioning rival candidates to maximize support.
Players take the roles of societies, rather than playing individual characters.
Players take their actions into their own hands, and that's when it's real ugly.
Players take their seats, exchanging double high-fives with their partners across tables.
Players take three penalties, each scored on speed and accuracy.
Players take time to soak in ice-cold water after practice.
Players take turn spinning the dreidel.
Players take turns adding a stone to the network.
Players take turns adding tiles to the grid such that they form mathematically correct equations.
Players take turns and select a marble to drop down the board.
Players take turns answering funny and embarrassing questions by their opponents.
Players take turns around the table until one player has no cards left.
Players take turns as in a standard dart game.
Players take turns as quizmaster, passing the box clockwise after each question.
Players take turns at answering simple questions about the time.
Players take turns at playing matches under normal rules and also at umpiring.
Players take turns at word association.
Players take turns bringing cards into play and using the cards they have in play.
Players take turns by claiming squares on the game board.
Players take turns by hitting a rotating dice block.
Players take turns casting and moving their ships onto the board to one of the first five positions.
Players take turns choosing a piece and placing it on the board.
Players take turns coloring in rectangular areas of the grid.
Players take turns constructing new buildings or adding to existing buildings.
Players take turns covering or marking three connecting numbers that make a number sentence.
Players take turns drawing curves.
Players take turns drawing the top card from the draw pile and discarding one card.
Players take turns dropping pieces into the columns of the board.
Players take turns dropping the chips into the slots and the first to complete a row, wins.
Players take turns firing weapons in a mirrored arena, attempting to destroy the other players.
Players take turns flipping over one card of each color.
Players take turns flipping over two cards at a time.
Players take turns flipping over two pictures at a time.
Players take turns forming words on the board.
Players take turns going first, starting with the dealer and going clockwise.
Players take turns guessing a letter in their opponents word.
Players take turns in a choosing a row then removing any number of objects from that row.
Players take turns in a clockwise manner around the board.
Players take turns in moving to an unoccupied space.
Players take turns in putting their signs, and , in available cells.
Players take turns in removing any or all of the matches in any one pile.
Players take turns in rotation.
Players take turns in selecting one card from the set on the table.
Players take turns making bids or raising bets in a clockwise direction.
Players take turns making lines.
Players take turns matching expressions and products.
Players take turns moving around the board.
Players take turns moving around the state by answering water questions.
Players take turns moving one of their pieces, one position in any direction.
Players take turns moving one piece to a new location or attacking an opponents piece.
Players take turns moving their markers around a board.
Players take turns moving.
Players take turns muching out bites, trying to stick their opponent with the last bite.
Players take turns picking up coins.
Players take turns placing a single letter on the grid and then finding words.
Players take turns placing groups of pennies arranged in a square on the board.
Players take turns placing one of their balls onto the board.
Players take turns placing pieces on a board.
Players take turns placing pieces on the board.
Players take turns placing stones on the intersections.
Players take turns placing their pieces on the board.
Players take turns placing their playing pieces in any unoccupied space.
Players take turns playing cards in ascending order.
Players take turns putting disks on the board.
Players take turns putting down one peg at a time.
Players take turns putting either a O or a X in any cell.
Players take turns putting their game pieces on any line in the circle including the middle.
Players take turns putting their marks in empty squares.
Players take turns putting.
Players take turns removing fruit from the table.
Players take turns removing one, two, or three markers from the board.
Players take turns rolling a ball down the lane to see who gets the highest score.
Players take turns rolling a die and moving one of four pieces around the board.
Players take turns rolling balls up the ramp trying to get their ball in the hole to win the prizes.
Players take turns rolling dice and advancing around the board.
Players take turns rolling the cube to collect additional coins.
Players take turns rolling the dice and pulling out point dice and rolling the remaining dice again.
Players take turns rolling the die to collect additional coins.
Players take turns rolling the die.
Players take turns selecting a road.
Players take turns selecting holes and tees.
Players take turns selecting numbers.
Players take turns selecting squares.
Players take turns selecting two cards at a time.
Players take turns selecting words.
Players take turns shooting their marbles through the arches in numerical order.
Players take turns shooting.
Players take turns shouting war chants that are hilarious.
Players take turns sliding one marker at a time along the lines, from one point to the next.
Players take turns spinning and moving counterclockwise around the game board.
Players take turns spinning and writing down the fractions they spin.
Players take turns spinning the dreidel, waiting to see which letter lands face up.
Players take turns spinning the dreidel.
Players take turns starting a round.
Players take turns subtracting subtrahends from minuends - one subtraction at a time.
Players take turns taking money from the stack, one or two bills per turn.
Players take turns taking shots.
Players take turns taking the two top cards from the stack.
Players take turns thinking of a word that begins with the letter outlined in red.
Players take turns throwing a die.
Players take turns throwing a pair of dice.
Players take turns throwing at the targets.
Players take turns throwing balls to one another at extreme angles.
Players take turns throwing the sticks, and moving their markers.
Players take turns to be the questioner.
Players take turns to move any counter, moving out towards the snail's tail.
Players take turns to move their cubes by pushing the others out of the way.
Players take turns to move.
Players take turns to place peices onto the board.
Players take turns to roll the die, then move that number of squares in a straight line.
Players take turns to select a number, with each number used only once.
Players take turns to throw a pair of dice and add the totals.
Players take turns to turn over two cards.
Players take turns tossing the number cube and moving around the game board.
Players take turns trying to collect cards that equal a certain number.
Players take turns trying to get the right pieces of the puzzle.
Players take turns trying to hit the other player's ball with their own ball.
Players take turns trying to knock marbles into the hole.
Players take turns trying to match each frog with it s corresponding colored lily pad.
Players take turns until someone gives up.
Players take turns until someone reaches the end of the snake path.
Players take turns using the sounds of individual letters and numbers to make words and sentences.
Players take turns wearing, serving, and drinking beverages from the helmet.
Players take turns, and whoever ends up closest to the aim ball when all balls are played, wins.
Players take turns, either clockwise or anticlockwise.
Players take turns, one at a time, placing a game piece on any dot on the board.
Players take turns, shooting at the mibs in the corners standing behind the line.
Players take turns.
Players take up roles within the factions, and their activities affect the course of the game.
Players taken by the better teams tend to fight for playing time.
Players taking part in the tournament do so at their own risk.
Players talk about how winning is contagious.
Players talk about regaining that type of respect.
Players talk about wanting to be treated like men, well they have a responsibility to act as such.
Players talk to each other, and plan party actions with advance chat.
Players tap the A button and twist the game around in order to play.
Players tell each other what to expect.
Players tell tales of preponderous proportions while others challenge or influence the outcome.
Players tend to be highly self-critical.
Players tend to be in their mid-teens.
Players tend to be optimistic about our season.
Players tend to be too self-critical in performance.
Players tend to come and go, making fan loyalty difficult.
Players tend to have two specific problems when recovering.
Players tend to lose interest, if programs run longer.
Players tend to run at the other team a little bit more.
Players tend to strain and squeeze a bit when they get to the top, and they just bend the key in.
Players tend, given the chance, to gravitate back to their original culture.
Players test their knowledge, skill and nerve they play alone or as part of a group.
Players then alternate first puck or the side for each game in the series.
Players then alternate until finished with the hole.
Players then break up into groups to have their position meetings.
Players then call each other individually and exchange the terms and definitions.
Players then compare their scores for each suit.
Players then continue the scene, trying to incorporate and justify suggestion.
Players then demonstrate how that specific play or strategy is to be executed.
Players then discard unwanted cards and draw the same amount of new cards.
Players then do the dealing.
Players then draw up their own wish lists containing items they'd like to have in their adult roles.
Players then draw, followed by a showdown.
Players then feel that they didn t get enough bang for their buck.
Players then have to run to the base that describes how they feel about that food.
Players then kneel on both legs and switch hands.
Players then move alternately, one piece at a time.
Players then move on to round robin play for skill improvement and match play, followed by a league.
Players then participate in the same game world.
Players then play alternately, moving one piece in each turn.
Players then play as individuals, trying to obtain the best score for their favorite vehicles.
Players then play the second shot with their partner's ball.
Players then proceed in a clockwise rotation.
Players then proceed in order of events determined by the chosen match.
Players then proceed to bid for the central kitty.
Players then pull chits from the cup.
Players then ready their puppets and get the first scene started.
Players then receive mutation points for their surviving dinosaurs.
Players then receive three cards dealt face down.
Players then receive three more cards face up.
Players then retrieve their ball from wherever it goes and go to the back of the line.
Players then return to the line.
Players then reveal their bids.
Players then rise and walk together across the space, in character, conversing as they walk.
Players then select a final card and pass it the same way.
Players then select their aircraft to participate in each mission.
Players then spend points on various areas of their fighter.
Players then start lobbing their blobs towards the new location of the target.
Players then subtract the equivalent mutation points from their score and acquire their new gene.
Players then swing their heads to make the flour come into contact with their opponent.
Players then take a position behind their end line.
Players then take their positions to field fungos.
Players then take turns capturing each other's dice with their own.
Players then take turns in order of their color.
Players then take turns looking for specific patterns, and trying to win the most points.
Players then take turns picking a card from the deck, reading it aloud and responding.
Players then take turns placing runesticks in opponent's mat spaces.
Players then take turns playing one domino next to a matching number on one already played.
Players then take turns, in clockwise order around the table, to add one domino to the layout.
Players then unfold their paddles, use tissues to wipe off their answers, and do it all over again.
Players then view their hands, sorting by suit.
Players then work as a team deciding what to do based on each person's equipment and abilities.
Players There are four players on a team.
Players think different things.
Players think they are giving all they can.
Players think they are tossed around by uncaring officials.
Players throw all pitches.
Players throw balls down a long court, aiming for a small ball at the other end.
Players throw chips to the dealer yelling what seems to be a secret code.
Players throw for the double of the numbers they have.
Players throw from behind the spot where the first disc landed.
Players throw in rotating order.
Players throw into the wind and catch the return flight with one hand.
Players throw mud at each other because of the Indian bookie.
Players throw the ball against the wall, and anyone can catch it.
Players throw the ball and try to hit players on the other team.
Players throw the ball around the horn.
Players throw the ball back and forth, trying to hit members of the other team.
Players throw the ball to their teammates, or run with the ball.
Players throw the balls at each other in hopes of getting each other out .
Players throw three balls in an effort to knock the bottles off the platform for first prize.
Players throw, run, leap, and tackle with television-quality realism.
Players to avoid disasters.
Players to experience injuries.
Players to share ideas.
Players toss a coin to see who begins placement first.
Players total the points each of their drivers receives for their overall weekly score.
Players total the value of their winnings.
Players touching the net during play is considered a foul.
Players tour the city's dance clubs collecting flyers.
Players tour the floor plan, seeking out opportunities to make wise water use choices.
Players track the ball by sound and throw their bodies prone to block it.
Players trade by placing cards on the table and there is no negotiating involved.
Players trade movies in a virtual stock market, with returns based on box office grosses.
Players trade street drugs and fight to defend their profits.
Players train twice a week .
Players travel all over the world for horses.
Players travel around the board using skill and luck to see who can pile up the most winnings.
Players travel back in time to capture different dinosaurs.
Players travel deep within caverns as they carry out seek and destroy missions.
Players travel from station to station in their own ships.
Players travel quite a bit because weekend tournaments are held all across the United States.
Players travel substantial distances to various competition venues, sometimes at their own expense.
Players travel the galaxy, gathering items, talking to aliens and solving puzzles.
Players traveling to and from games in their own cars is discouraged.
Players truly feel like they are in a special place.
Players try and keep warm on the bike.
Players try to be the first to get their train back to the engine house.
Players try to beat their best scores by locating points on a simple graph.
Players try to build up personal power and wealth.
Players try to collect books of four matching cards, until all cards have been played.
Players try to corner the market in one of the eight commodities.
Players try to dribble into the penalty area for a point.
Players try to eliminate the wrong faces to guess who's on their opponent's hidden card.
Players try to find a pair of identical tiles by matching colors, shapes and pictures.
Players try to find as many words as they can as they race against the clock.
Players try to form the longest word possible without ever forming a word.
Players try to get a large score on several rolls of a pair of dice.
Players try to get the ball into the goal more times than the opposing team.
Players try to grab their own colored marbles as fast as they can.
Players try to guess each other's mystery word without getting hanged.
Players try to hit the brass or tin by throwing a small wooden ball from a stick.
Players try to hit the marbles out of the square.
Players try to keep the feather floating in the air.
Players try to knock as many balls out of the park as they can.
Players try to learn more about the paintings from the guide while walking through the museum.
Players try to learn more about the paintings from the guide while walking trough the museum.
Players try to live life as a toon , playing games and making new friends .
Players try to live life as a toon, playing games and making new friends.
Players try to make crosswords using letter tiles before the buzzer goes off.
Players try to make up crazy, silly, or semi-believable definitions, depending on their mood.
Players try to maneuver a ball into the opponent's net to score points, called goals.
Players try to pass the ball back and forth over the net using only their feet, knees, and thighs.
Players try to position falling blocks of different shapes so that they completely fill up lines.
Players try to propel leather balls as close as possible to a white ball that serves as the target.
Players try to pull out each others flags.
Players try to put themselves in that position.
Players try to shoot game objects with special hand and arm gestures.
Players try to take the ball to the other team 's in-goal and place it on the ground .
Players try to take the ball to the other team's in-goal and place it on the ground.
Players try to think if there is a relationship between the two cards.
Players try to toss hoop over cactus limb.
Players try without the use of hands to secure an apple in their mouth.
Players tryout for teams at their age level.
Players tryout for teams based on their age and zip code.
Players tune out coaches sooner or later.
Players turn in all practice clothing and game uniforms to be washed.
Players turn in their playbooks, room keys, notebooks and any other items that belong to the team.
Players turn over a wealth of personal information when they register.
Players turn over their cards.
Players turn over their game cards and refer to the rules.
Players turn over tiles to match identical pictures.
Players turn over two cards at a time, trying to match words and contractions.
Players turn over, owners turn over and certain commissioners turn over.
Players turn the ball against pressure to create time and space to pass, shoot, or dribble.
Players turn to face the back marker after jumping the first time.
Players turn two cards up until they have a match.
Players turn up one card, all at the same time.
Players turn white, like they've been doused in bleach.
Players type in the answer and hit enter, or use the mouse to change a clock on the screen.
Players type in their name, choose a team and the sex of their rider.
Players typically exchange many messages coordinating alliances, planning attacks, or making deals.
Players typically leave their bags along the ninth fairway as they hike to the tee box.
Players typically receive large raises the first year they are eligible for arbitration.
Players typically specialize in two to three positions on the court.
Players typically take time to sign autographs and have their photo taken.
Players typically wear tank tops, shorts, and sneakers .
Players uncover strategies.
Players understand good life.
Players understand life.
Players understand that they have consented to a contractual agreement to be coached.
Players understand there are consequences.
Players understand why certain teams play it.
Players unquestionably feel they are developing fulfilling relationships with one another.
Players unwind after games or on off nights and still report for morning practices the next day.
Players use a ball similar to a baseball and curved sticks known as hurleys.
Players use a cradling motion to secure the ball in the taut netting of their crosses.
Players use a horizontal axis of rotation to throw a bounce pass with backspin, topspin or no spin.
Players use a neckstrap to help hold the instrument.
Players use a racquet with a reflector to hit it back and forth.
Players use a scratch to put the opponent in trouble.
Players use a six sided die, with the symbols king, rook, knight, bishop, queen, or checker.
Players use a small hard ball, much like a baseball, wrapped in red leather.
Players use a straight stick much like a blade-less hockey stick.
Players use a wide range of body movements and draw upon complex energy systems.
Players use a wooden ball.
Players use all kinds of instruments.
Players use brooms instead of sticks.
Players use clues to plot more points until they can guess.
Players use economic policies to manage their economies and get to the center of the playing area.
Players use either one or two ball sticks.
Players use fana to buy up their stats and skills.
Players use five-string banjos, without finger picks.
Players use friction.
Players use imagination.
Players use intelligence, cunning and determination tosucceed rather than physical strength.
Players use it to capture images that can be edited easily on the Game Boy.
Players use it to develop consistency, strength, flexibility and clubhead speed.
Players use just a five-iron and a putter.
Players use microbial identification techniques to identify the cause of an illness outbreak.
Players use military combat skills to outfox and outgun enemies in single play or multiplayer modes.
Players use money to sign boxers and buy equipment for the gym.
Players use rackets to hit a shuttlecock over a net.
Players use racquets to hit a ball back and forth, either on the full or after a single bounce.
Players use reading and analysis to evaluate decisions and choices.
Players use rooms.
Players use roundish tambourines during actions and they serve with oval tambourines .
Players use roundish tambourines during actions and they serve with oval tambourines.
Players use skills.
Players use special hole punches to punch out the column corresponding to their answer.
Players use static friction.
Players use stationary turrets armed with rockets and grenades as power-ups.
Players use sticks called ' hurleys ' to strike the ball.
Players use straight sticks to pass, carry and shoot a rubber ring.
Players use the analog thumbsticks to move and look around.
Players use the best five of their seven cards to construct a hand.
Players use the dribbling and passing skills they have worked on in previous classes.
Players use the force of their bodies, arms and fingertips to throw a chest pass to another player.
Players use the geometry rules to calculate the angle required for the next lily pad.
Players use the keyboard to control their snakes, eating correct answers to grow and gain points.
Players use the left drum to move left , the right drum to move right , and both drums to jump .
Players use the left drum to move left, the right drum to move right, and both drums to jump.
Players use the legendary archer's name when they hit the back of a dart already stuck in the board.
Players use the markings for positionihg and orientation.
Players use the mouse to move the talking blocks around on the screen and spell words.
Players use the numerical keys on the keyboard to type in answers to the problems.
Players use the score disks to tally goals.
Players use the supplied tracer constant air rifles to keep the game exciting, fun and competitive.
Players use the text editing keys to insert words inside of the sentence.
Players use the treasure they recover to purchase new weapons, crew members and ship upgrades.
Players use their bodies effectively in defense and offense, just like real players do.
Players use their fingertips exclusively to handle the ball.
Players use their handicap, and points earned are based on net scores of each individual player.
Players use their knowledge of college football to compete for cash prizes.
Players use their knowledge of horses to advance to the winner's circle and win ribbons.
Players use their mouse to scratch off and uncover if any prizes have been won.
Players use their observation skills to identify species and distinguish one species from another.
Players use their own judgment and skill on when to buy and when to sell to maximize their profits.
Players use their own money and keep whatever winnings are earned during the marathon.
Players use their own money as playing pieces and play until they can no longer afford it.
Players use their own powers first in conflicts.
Players use their resource collectors and resource controllers to speed along the operation.
Players use their stick.
Players use their thumb to hit the bass notes, while other fingers carry the melody.
Players use their tools to chip away at the different materials, and what they create is a surprise.
Players use their wits to kill their enemies or be killed, all in the quest for power and wealth.
Players use two AA batteries - see below.
Players use two dials to plan their movement simultaneously.
Players use two short hockey sticks.
Players use two sticks to propel, maneuver, pass, and shoot the puck.
Players using the program find it easy to understand, non-threatening and is low cost.
Players utilize the room for video, game watching, quiet time and recreation.
Players utilize the room for video, game watching, quiet time, and recreation.
Players vary considerably in range.
Players view each other as fellow musicians.
Players view new stats through the display screen.
Players view the battlefield from a three-quarter overhead vantage.
Players visit all nine planets in the our solar system.
Players visit every city, they talk to each other, they ask and answer questions.
Players visit Louisiana, Iraq, the UK, Ireland, and the snowy forests of Russia.
Players visit our ticket pages to play their numbers.
Players volley the ball back and forth to each other, or around a circle of players.
Players volley the ball or play it off the bounce and serve it with overgrown ping-pong paddles.
Players volunteer their profiles needed to tailor the information they want to receive.
Players wait listed can serve as a guest player as needed.
Players walk all over the numbers that have been laid out on the school playground.
Players walk around and notice the descriptions, the mobiles and the objects.
Players walk around groping along walls, as if lost.
Players walk on eggshells waiting for the other shoe to drop.
Players walk on the pitch.
Players walk out of the locker room with phones on their belt or attached to their ears.
Players walk through predetermined paths, pumping lead into anything that's dead.
Players walk to the batter s box to music.
Players walk with the analog stick on one controller and shoot with the analog stick on another.
Players wander around the board, gain gold, turn pirate, and explore new islands.
Players wander through multilevel worlds, killing the evil Empire's warriors.
Players want games.
Players want more realistic games.
Players want realistic games.
Players wanting to reserve the court for squash always have priority.
Players wanting to try both courses can save on the greens fees.
Players watch for results on video screens at stores where lottery tickets are sold.
Players watch games.
Players wear a jersey with their team colours, and number on the back.
Players wear a jersey, usually long-sleeved, athletic shorts, and cleated shoes.
Players wear a life jacket, scuba mask, and flippers.
Players wear decent uniforms and get more meal money.
Players wear fins, mask, snorkel, and a protective glove and headgear.
Players wear gear.
Players wear hats if appropriate.
Players wear helmets but no shoulder pads.
Players wear helmets.
Players wear hockey gloves, shin guards, elbow pads, and helmets, and carry hockey sticks.
Players wear it with a batting helmet turned backwards, for complete facial and cranial protection.
Players wear metal cleats with long, vicious spikes.
Players wear metal-cleated leather boots, shorts and collared shirts.
Players wear pretty much the same equipment as hockey layers.
Players wear protective gear like padding and helmets.
Players wear protective masks and goggles.
Players wear protective wear and head gear.
Players wear shin guards under their socks to protect their shins.
Players wear shin guards.
Players wear shirts, shorts, cleated shoes, and sometimes shin guards tucked inside their socks.
Players wear shoes instead of skates.
Players wear short, usually rubber cleats.
Players wear ski goggle that have been blackened out so that all participants play with zero vision.
Players wear sneakers on an ice rink.
Players wear special vests equipped with flashing lights and a laser pistol.
Players wear specially designed goggles and head protection.
Players wear stirrups for a reason.
Players wear tennis shoes and attempt to move around on ice using brooms to score.
Players wear trousers and shirts.
Players whack one another until they give up and sit down.
Players whinge about fouls and free-kicks just like their real life counterparts.
Players win a prize by matching the numbers below.
Players win and lose games.
Players win by forming a link between the first and last ranks of the board.
Players win by matching one of the nine ways to win .
Players win by playing their their best golf.
Players win championships.
Players win electoral votes by answering questions on U.S. history and geography.
Players win football game.
Players win games.
Players win if they uncover three identical prizes in the same game.
Players win money and prizes in daily jackpots.
Players win money and prizes in daily Jackpots.
Players win points for their teams by answering questions and sinking baskets or scoring goals.
Players win points, which can be exchanged for tickets to drawings of various prizes.
Players win prizes such as savings bonds, products, certificates, t-shirts, hats and other items.
Players win the game by being the best water managers.
Players win, fans lose.
Players wishing to attend can do so either as a resident camper or day camper.
Players wishing to jump to their favorite passages can click on the pages they want.
Players work as teams.
Players work concessions at high school football games to raise money.
Players work either as a team or against each other.
Players work from the Real book and Combo arrangements.
Players work hard at learning the word list.
Players work hard to win, but stick to the rules.
Players work in teams to make decisions about what to buy, how much is needed and where to buy it.
Players work individually on toss-ups, but work together as a team to answer the bonus questions.
Players work long stretches gathering clues without a villain in sight.
Players work on setting, spiking, and passing.
Players work out rule violations among themselves, sometimes by just redoing a play.
Players work their way around the world by earning miles to get to five destinations.
Players work together in teams in an effort to take control of the fast-paced bonus rounds.
Players work together, each with a particular role towards a team goal.
Players working together are worth more than the sum of their parts.
Players would have life.
Players write as many words as possible that start with that letter.
Players write down fake definitions to obscure words, then guess which is the real answer.
Players write down their estimates and then use a calculator to find the exact answer.
Players write thier names on the feathers befor playing.
Players zap each other with heavy laser cannons.
Players always agree and contribute to the story.
Players always appreciate that.
Players always have an opinion about their coach.
Players always have the option of re-entering the draft.
Players always have the right to negotiate in private.
Players always look for the silver lining.
Players always love teammates who hit with power.
Players always receive consequences for skipping class and getting into extra-curricular trouble.
Players always return to their instincts when under pressure.
Players always say that.
Players always say they picked up something while they watched.
Players always start from separate locations.
Players always talk up a new staff at the first minicamp.
Players always think they are better than the fellows on the field.
Players always welcome.
Players frequently hear the pounding, surf in the background as they are hitting shots.
Players frequently shout support across courts during competition to keep each other motivated.
Players frequently step out of the sections to take the spotlight as soloists.
Players often change gender, age, appearance, level of wealth, etc.
Players often come out of the opening with a clear lead, only to see it dwindle away in the endgame.
Players often encounter a few bumps, and some even run over a nail or two.
Players often forget to move beer or orders from one delay to another in the course of play.
Players often have a different style than the other brother, and develop independently.
Players often have quite a bit of time and money wrapped up in their accounts.
Players often have to leap into crowds to return the ball.
Players often hear coaches say they have an open-door policy to their offices.
Players often hurt their chances of making more putts on the greens, without even knowing it.
Players often know more people on opposing teams than they do on their own.
Players often leave almost as quickly as they arrive.
Players often make multiple mistakes because they have never let go of the first one.
Players often shift their positioning because of how the game is going.
Players often spend lots of time looking for patrons.
Players often swap between the three clubs to make up the numbers.
Players often take out that frustration by running around and trying to hurt someone.
Players often talk about looking three balls ahead .
Players often talk about wanting the security afforded by multi-year contracts.
Players often try to carry the trees to cut off the somewhat sharp left turn.
Players often try to throw par into the mix when trying to figure if scores are equal.
Players often use their own cars and pay for gas to go to some tournaments.
Players often wait in lines of four or six people just for a game.
Player sometimes puts the audio driver in an unusable state.
Players sometimes are weak at feeding their opponent a lob so they can hit a practice overhead.
Players sometimes come in expecting to win.
Players sometimes paint their faces to show team spirit.
Players sometimes return for more testing during the season.
Players usually agree to limit the number of automatic doubles to one per game.
Players usually buy their own bats.
Players usually decide what to increase by what character class they are .
Players usually decide what to increase by what character class they are.
Players usually experience swelling and a vague ache in the knee.
Players usually form teams and challenge other teams inside the cafes.
Players usually jump into the air, set themselves and take the shot.
Players usually number two.
Players usually ornament the basic pattern with improvisations.
Players usually rest or utilize the pool which is on - campus and staffed with a supervisor.
Players usually return to the field each chukker with a fresh mount.
Players usually spend an hour playing a typical match of three games.
Players usually switch to a traditional pocket after a couple of years of basic playing experience.
Players usually understand that.
Players usually wear white shorts and shirts.
All players always play two action cards simultaneously.
All player adds, drops and trades take effect the following day.
All player are eligible to receive a forward pass.
All player profiles, records and coaching information is listed in the media guide.
All player starting points are easily defendable to discourage early tank rushing.
All players abide by and agree that the decision of the judges is final.
All players act as a quarterback, receiver and defender.
All players add up the values on their district council member cards.
All players agree on whether to start with a predetermined amount of money.
All players ante into the pot.
All players ante up again before the next person spins.
All players appreciate, and every tounament benefits from, consistent and knowledgable officiating.
All players approach potential elimination games differently.
All players are active all the time or they are inactive for only very short times.
All players are active at all times.
All players are available for autographs, photographs, or just to chat with.
All players are available in some form for free and are quite easy to install.
All players are codefree, regionfree as well as macrovision free.
All players are comfortable with the position they are playing.
All players are dutch so the main language is dutch from now on.
All players are eligible for a forward pass.
All players are eligible for entry into the official scorebook.
All players are eligible for lucky draw prizes to be presented at the BBQ dinner.
All players are eligible for prizes.
All players are eligible receivers.
All players are eligible to appeal.
All players are eligible to participate.
All players are eligible to play and win once per day.
All players are eligible to receive a pass.
All players are eligible to receive forward and lateral passes.
All players are eligible to receive passes.
All players are eligible to touch a forward pass after it has been thrown.
All players are eligible to touch or catch a pass.
All players are eligible, and can be selected more than one time during a season.
All players are equal.
All players are exclusively amateurs and play mostly for their own fun and pleasure.
All players are from Galveston County, Texas.
All players are generally in-between the player and the goal.
All players are given a set of starting armor when they create a character.
All players are in a circle.
All players are inside the grid.
All players are interested in now is rest.
All players are non-winners.
All players are on a team.
All players are on an equal footing.
All players are on stage.
All players are polygons that are fairly representative of the true-life models.
All players are programmers by default and additional quota is available for building projects.
All players are quite conscious of the element of time as a decisive factor in negotiations.
All players are responsible for both offense and defense.
All players are responsible for ensuring each wager is placed correctly.
All players are responsible for finding their own roommate.
All players are responsible for knowing their match times.
All players are responsible for maintaining a clean locker room.
All players are responsible for posting their own scores.
All players are responsible for providing their own caddies.
All players are responsible for the education of the student.
All players are responsible for their own safety.
All players are three-dimensional, with individual numbers on their backs.
All players are to attend all practices and tournaments.
All players are to be rotated from backline to frontline on an equal time basis.
All players are to dress appropriately, bring water and a soccer ball.
All players are to treat their co-players, coaches, umpires and fans with respect.
All players are welcome and are encouraged to bring their own ball.
All players are welcome and there are no club dues.
All players are welcome regardless of age or experience.
All players are welcome to join the orchestra.
All players are welcome to join.
All players are welcome, and refreshments are provided.
All players are welcome, from novices to seasoned veterans of all ages and experience.
All players are welcome, the more the merrier.
All players are welcome.
All players assume the role of the Vikings.
All players begin in the arena at an energizer station.
All players begin play at the same time.
All players begin standing with guns and arms raised straight above their heads.
All players begin the game at their home base.
All players begin the game with zero points.
All players begin the tournament as active.
All players begin with both skates behind the starting line.
All players begin with zero points.
All Players begin with zero points.
All Players begin with zero Points.
All players bet an even amount to enter.
All players can buy lottery tickets with the play money won at the poker tables.
All players can collect their prizes at the same locations listed in question four.
All players can definitely get a lot of inaccurate information.
All players can furnish their own equipment.
All players can participate in team events, regardless of position on the ladder.
All players can play both formats.
All players can rush the offense.
All players can then reinvest their stock as they see fit.
All players can try out.
All players challenge each other on one planet that they share a base.
All players check.
All players choose a different coin to be their playing piece.
All players choose a race as part of the character creation process.
All players choose one of the cards from their hand and place it face down before themselves.
All players choose one of their cards tdiscard, face down.
All players choose one of their cards to discard, face down.
All players choose their starting hand, and play commences.
All players come from very competitive programs, both HS and summer.
All players compete in a vigorous pre-season tournaments and matches.
All players compete in one field.
All players confer simultaneously.
All players contribute in kind.
All players cork to see who goes first.
All players discard all land cards from their hands.
All players draw straws.
All players drink on a social, and the person who through the last card leads off.
All players drink.
All players drive from the tee and select the best shot.
All players enter with the same page of music.
All players err, even the greatest.
All players face market uncertainty.
All players forfeit their bids, and the high bidder receives the item.
All players form a circle and introduce themselves.
All players form a circle.
All players gather at one entrance to the playing field.
All players gather on the island in the center of the gym.
All players get a full coverage mask with goggles.
All players get a trophy at the end of the season for participation.
All players get full life except the user.
All players get in free.
All players get new, randomly selected cards for every game.
All players get two matches.
All players go to college.
All players have a piece of rope.
All players have a reason to wonder whether they are receiving a fair share of the pie.
All players have a responsibility to abide by the laws of the game.
All players have a responsibility to be familiar with the basic rules and customs of tennis.
All players have an equal chance to win - More action and excitement.
All players have different signs.
All players have five cards in their hand, one down and four up.
All players have mutilple angles and subtitles.
All players have nicknames that appear over the character they represent in each game.
All players have one card and sit in a circle.
All players have similar releases and release points.
All players have the ability to float between the two teams.
All players have the opportunity to practise on the surface.
All players have the option of passing when their turn comes.
All players have the same fielding ability.
All players have the same sentence length and that changes throughout the scene.
All players have to be certified.
All players have to be there when the game starts.
All players have to come together to negotiate.
All players have to leave the penalty box area, except for the goalie and the kicker.
All players have to start out at there own flag station.
All players have until next deadline to decide to make or break alliances and with whom.
All players have until next deadline to decide which drawn leader to choose as their traitor.
All players hit tee shot.
All players hold onto each other.
All players hold the stick right handed.
All players immediately place one extra card on thier run.
All players initially keep their goals secret from each other.
All players involved in any trades are available that same week.
All players involved then begin to noodle and meander around a two-note bassline.
All players know everyone is out to enjoy themselves on leagues nights.
All players know more or less where they stand in relation to their own capability.
All players know the rule regarding distances.
All players learn about good sportsmanship and proper tennis etiquette.
All players line up at the center faceoff circle.
All players line up in single file about thirty yards directly in front of the goal.
All players line up on one end line and try to run to the other end without being hit with a ball.
All players line up on the baseline between home and first.
All players listed are auto-switching players unless otherwise noted.
All players lose it to a certain extent at one time or another during their careers.
All players love to score a goal.
All players make a team, there are no cuts .
All players move on lines at a walking pace.
All players move their ball to that spot and hit their second shot from that location.
All players move to the first space and read the clue.
All players now confer simultaneously over the formation of coalitions.
All players now count their gold coins.
All players now lay their traded bean cards on their fields.
All players now put any number of their council member cards face down on the table.
All players now reveal their building card.
All players now reveal their district council member cards.
All players open eyes and try to find the shamrock.
All players open their Bibles toward audience.
All players participate an equal amount of time and no scoring is kept.
All players participate as equal partners.
All players participate in a game area with a one to three ratio in possession of a ball.
All players participate unless they have an injury.
All players pass after that, ending the trick.
All players pass in the round and no bets are made.
All players pass.
All players pay one token into the pot to be in the deal.
All players place a small wager known as an 'ante'.
All players place their bets before the dealer deals cards.
All players place their pieces on start.
All players play all innings.
All players play and bat each game.
All players play at least three innings, and all players bat.
All players play at the same time, as fast as possible.
All players play at their own risk.
All Players play at their own risk.
All players play barefoor.
All players play barefoot.
All players play CDs by reading data sectors once, one by one, continuously.
All players play defense every inning.
All players play in the field each inning and all players bat in order each inning.
All players play seven matches.
All players play the same amount.
All players play with the cards in their hands face up on the table.
All players play.
All players pull their chairs together in a close circle.
All players qualify for a drawing.
All players read from the score, which is notated on just two staves.
All players re-ante and the hand is redealt.
All players receive a certificate of participation.
All players receive a gift for participating.
All players receive a trophy at the end of the spring season.
All players receive a T-shirt.
All players receive a weekly written progress report, tennis academy T-shirt and daily refreshments.
All players receive an evaluation of their skills by their coach at the end of camp.
All players receive an event T-shirt.
All players receive participation awards and older divisions receive shorts and socks.
All players receive participation pins.
All players receive payment for their aircraft on the route regardless of who landed on the square.
All players receive premium gift package.
All players receive tee shirt inclusive of camp fee.
All players receive the same initial five cards, but draw different cards.
All players receive trophies.
All players receive t-shirt and participation award.
All players receive two initial cards.
All players receiving at least one vote for the team receive honorable mention.
All players recieve a trophy, t-shirt and evaluation of skills.
All players recognize the value of team communication and coordinated sweeping techniques.
All players remain in the batting order regardless of their defensive positioning.
All players return to next year's team.
All players reveal their leads at the same time.
All players ride horses and pass the basketball size ball with handles making it easier to catch.
All players roll their dice, producing rolls for the first round of play.
All players say that.
All players score individually, even if part of the team.
All players select one of the five shares in their hands and place it face down on the table.
All players share five community cards.
All players show their choices at the same time.
All players show their hands.
All players sing and have mastered their instruments.
All players sit around a table and someone starts by taking a drink from the boot.
All players sit in a circle, and one is given a pair of scisors.
All players sit in a circle.
All players sit or stand in a circle.
All players stand facing one of their number who is the leader.
All players stand on one line except one player who is it.
All players start drinking at the same time.
All players start in the earlier session.
All players start lying face down on the end line.
All players start on goal line.
All players start on the home square.
All players start out as neutral.
All players start out with full energy.
All Players start the game from their own base.
All players start the game on ranking one.
All players start with a set amount of lives.
All players start with hands on knees until the ball is thrown.
All players start with the compression rifle and every hit is a disintegration.
All players start with the railgun, and all the weapons in the level are replaced with the railgun.
All players start with two tokens.
All players take part in defensive and offensive coordinated team play.
All players take turns running the auctions, which come in many different styles.
All players tee off on every hole.
All players teleport to the next level when the first person reaches the exit terminal.
All players then contest the next hoop.
All players then count scores for the cards that are left in their hands.
All players then count the number of hearts they have.
All players then list their predictions necessary for the new Prediction Rule for the new round.
All players then look for a SET in the cards on the table.
All players then move their ball to that spot to play their next shot.
All players then place their ball and hit from that spot.
All players then play from that spot.
All players then post BRPs remaining for the turn and their turn spending limits.
All players then raise their clenched spoofing hands to signify that they've made their decisions.
All players then start grabbing letter tiles and attempting to complete a word.
All players then submit their picks for the games of the upcoming weekend.
All players throw their bowls, in contradiction to the most French games, overhand.
All players travel around the arena in the same direction.
All players try to add the numbers in their heads.
All players try to beat the leader's score.
All players try to keep within the marked area at all times.
All players turn over the cards on their mats and count the total value of the cards there.
All players turn their top card face up at the same time.
All players use the center piles to build documents.
All players walk around the circle of chairs until the music stops.
All players wanting to just come out and have fun are welcome.
All players wear bibs, which show their playing positions and play in a specified area.
All players wear blackened ski goggles to eliminate any advantage for the partially sighted.
All players wear the grins of joy and abandon as they frolic on the streets.
All players welcome.
All players work out regularly.
All players write down simultaneously which spells in which cottages they want to cast.
All players write the number in a square on their first chart.
Any player begins by pointing to any other player in the group.
Any player can announce they have a winning hand at any time in any order.
Any player can ask what the card count is for each team at any point.
Any player can be on the major league roster.
Any player can be.
Any player can begin the game, all it takes is for the person to say a word, any word.
Any player can have a bad day.
Any player can lie with impunity.
Any player can now ignore any other player.
Any player can play any position defensively.
Any player can play any position.
Any player can purchase an annual pass to play on any day of the week.
Any player can relieve.
Any player can select the type of game.
Any player can set or pass the ball.
Any player can sign until the start of the school year.
Any player can start or pause a game.
Any player can start the game, all it takes is the calling out of a category.
Any player can start the rally.
Any player can start.
Any player can tryout.
Any player can win.
Any player carrying the tip of the barrel past the shoulder is considered to be Eliminated.
Any player declining a new rule prevents the change.
Any player exhibits aggressive behavior or intentional physical contact.
Any player exhibits poor conduct.
Any player fails to abide by the spirit of the rules.
Any player going out of the boundary line is declared out, except during struggle.
Any player has the ability to prepare themselves for action by following a simple game day ritual.
Any player has the potential to master passing and receiving the puck.
Any player has the right to challenge the use of a set.
Any player has the right to play the ball anywhere on the field of play.
Any player is available.
ANY player is better than no player.
Any player is capable of having a good night.
Any player is ejected from a game or facility due to poor conduct.
Any player is eligible for the award.
Any player is eligible to be brought up for bidding.
Any player is eligible to catch a pass.
Any player is eligible to participate in the conference tournament.
Any player listed at a position in our draft packet automatically qualifies at that position.
Any player never hopes to lose due to such a cruel misjudgment.
Any player now tries to beat the leader's score in one turn.
Any player owing outstanding player fees is automatically ineligible.
Any player reaches across the net to contact the shuttle, other than on the follow-through.
Any player repeating another person s word or taking an unfair length of time to respond is out.
Any player starts.
Any player wants to be in there when the game is on the line.
Any player wishing to have a shot pays the keeper one marble.
Any players hit by the tossed off body take regular rocket projectile damage.
Every player usually has two or three sticks to choose from.
Every player adds something on the ice.
Every player aspires to greater precision, finer control, impeccable intonation, staying power.
Every player begins with five gene tokens.
Every player brings a special quality to the team.
Every player buys into that culture, and it's a very positive but yet demanding leadership.
Every player can add the modifier of the highest ranking leader commanding an army.
Every player can choice a jet and change it at every time othe game.
Every player can compete on equal entry terms, for there is no scope for monopolisation of any kind.
Every player can handle.
Every player can individually train one skill at a time.
Every player can look forward to a rewarding future.
Every player can only drop off five dogs at a time.
Every player can only has one watcher.
Every player can shoot, dribble, pass and defend.
Every player can shoot.
Every player contributes about the same.
Every player does their own thing.
Every player does.
Every player draws one bone.
Every player draws one single tile.
Every player dreams of hearing the deafening roar of the crowd after making that fallaway jumper.
Every player dreams of playing international football.
Every player enjoys defeating their opponents in double quick time.
Every player enjoys inflicting quick victories on their opponents.
Every player eventually gets the urge to attempt a new race.
Every player falls on their back and sticks one leg in the air.
Every player feels as if they are an important voice within the music.
Every player follows the coach dribbling around the field.
Every player follows the same control scheme.
Every player gets a game card, called a tabla.
Every player gets a thorough physical in spring training.
Every player gets equal playing time.
Every player gets five cards.
Every player gets three of each money.
Every player guards a gate and the remaining player tries to dribble through the gates.
Every player hands in as many tribe-cards as there are turns.
Every player has a ball.
Every player has a college degree or is working toward one.
Every player has a dedication rating.
Every player has a different and unique style of playing.
Every player has a different learning style and a corresponding sensory dominance.
Every player has a favorite spot on the floor.
Every player has a flag football belt.
Every player has a point value.
Every player has a role on our team where they can contribute to our team's success.
Every player has a specific role that, when executed properly, leads to team achievement.
Every player has a unique ability.
Every player has also two or more nominated generals, which are free.
Every player has an easily understood role which guarantees involvement.
Every player has an identifying number.
Every player has an injury rating.
Every player has batting slumps.
Every player has different motivations.
Every player has different needs and preferences.
Every player has fun while learning positive communication skills.
Every player has in mind the 'perfect' neck or action or voice.
Every player has it's base on an island that's connected to the middle island by a bridge.
Every player has one ticket in the hopper.
Every player has one town and one hero.
Every player has one.
Every player has only one shot per turn.
Every player has other responsibilities to the home team.
Every player has several messages that can be placed virtually anywhere.
Every player has some of each.
Every player has the opportunity to contribute to the team's victory.
Every player has the power to win.
Every player has the same cards for the entire game.
Every player has the same opportunity to participate and play in all the games.
Every player has their own method of getting up for a game.
Every player has their preference, and debates on superiority are long and fierce.
Every player has to be replacable.
Every player has to become tough once they get to college.
Every player has to come up bigger.
Every player has to make the decision eventually.
Every player has to pass on the blind.
Every player has to sit out a few matches.
Every player has to take a little step ahead.
Every player has value.
Every player here has a number.
Every player holds a stick in one hand and a colored string in the other.
Every player influates the game.
Every player is a brother.
Every player is a difficult matchup.
Every player is a hero.
Every player is a prospect on draft day.
Every player is a seasoned veteran coming from some pretty diverse backgrounds.
Every player is a threat.
Every player is a very important part of the team regardless of ability.
Every player is a winner, and each one receives a trophy.
Every player is a winner.
Every player is an eligible voter.
Every player is dealt nine cards, each featuring an agricultural product like cotton or wheat.
Every player is different and every game is different.
Every player is different and everyone's program is designed to their own particular abilities.
Every player is different and they have varying needs.
Every player is different as to how they are adjusting.
Every player is different one day to the next.
Every player is different though.
Every player is different.
Every player is drafted to a team.
Every player is evaluated daily.
Every player is for sale, it's just a matter of how much.
Every player is given the name of a town.
Every player is given the option to ignore other players.
Every player is grouped with players of similar background and skill.
Every player is invisible for the duration of the match.
Every player is just as good as all the seeds.
Every player is obliged to participate in every round.
Every player is placed back into the selection process every season.
Every player is sensitive to different racquet characteristics.
Every player is smarter.
Every player is so excited to start getting ready to play.
Every player is youngish and making a name for themselves on the jazz scene.
Every player knows how that works.
Every player knows only their own role .
Every player knows only their own role.
Every player looks forward to it.
Every player needs a stick, mouthguard and shinguards and a uniform.
Every player needs to be successful in some ways.
Every player needs to find and establish movement for momentum as the ball enters the hitting zone.
Every player needs to understand that.
Every player participates in the action, which is exciting and fast moving.
Every player picks a color to play with.
Every player places the correct number of heart erasers.
Every player plays a minimum of one half of every game.
Every player plays a minimum one half of each game.
Every player plays an equal share of every game and there are three full games every day.
Every player plays for themselves, and has their own individual score.
Every player plays once.
Every player plays the role of a country, having absolute control of it.
Every player plays to get to the playoffs.
Every player possesses a number of hit points and a number of spell points.
Every player puts the team first.
Every player receives a detailed map of the hunt area, and a set of clues.
Every player remembers what to do.
Every player respawns when their last unit is destroyed.
Every player returns.
Every player seems to have their individual mannerisms programmed in to the game.
Every player simply sends a single pup to every other player in the game on every change-state.
Every player smells the same.
Every player starts at the first space on the board.
Every player starts from scratch at some point.
Every player starts in the class of the novices.
Every player starts out with one home supply center.
Every player starts the Stretch Drive competition with a score of zero.
Every player starts with a single barrelled shotgun.
Every player starts with eight senators.
Every player starts with four heroes.
Every player takes account of what every other player does and moreover knows that the others do so.
Every player takes extra strokes on the green.
Every player then receives two cards face down.
Every player thinks of musical concepts using their own frame of reference.
Every player throws one washer at the opposite cup.
Every player touches the ball on every possession.
Every player trusts each other.
Every player wants correct timing, rhythm and tempo.
Every player wants that.
Every player wants the chance to play with other great players and a chance to win.
Every player wants to find as many controls as they can before the time is out.
Every player wants to make it to the playoffs because then there's no limit.
Every player wants to shoot the three.
Every player wants to win the U.S. Open.
Every player wears a goggle and facemask system to protect their eyes from the paintballs.
Every player works hard and plays with enthusiasm and unselfishness.
Every player writes the same topic on the top and simply fills out the sheet on their own.
Every players start with the same number of towns and town sizes.
Every players starts with the same weapons.
Every players wants to make more money.
Many players agree that it increases depth of tone.
Many players aim specifically for that area, knowing the goaltender's frustration.
Many players already incorporate some amount of puck rolling in their games.
Many players also add running or other aerobic activity into their routine.
Many players approach position with the all or none principle.
Many players are able to connect and play games.
Many players are actors, even many coaches are actors.
Many players are afraid.
Many players are apprehensive when there are maniacs at their tables.
Many players are capable of playing more than one position.
Many players are curious about what a benchmark is and what that really means.
Many players are guilty of being one-way drivers .
Many players are high level, but newbie help is available.
Many players are married to the equipment for life.
Many players are nice and helpful to newbies, too.
Many players are qualified but never umpire games.
Many players are single, and find places to live in different areas.
Many players are so focused on making it in basketball that it's their only pursuit.
Many players are surprised at how hilly the course really is.
Many players are there much of the time anyway.
Many players are well respected both as musicians and human beings.
Many players are willing to be good allies.
Many players automatically classify snipers as campers.
Many players become extremely predictable.
Many players begin playing the game ignorant of the spiritual overtones involved.
Many players believe maximum spin is accomplished by striking the cue ball hard.
Many players believe that opposite-coloured bishops are a drawing factor.
Many players believe that trash talking is on the decline.
Many players break their wrists when putting, making distance control more difficult.
Many players buffer frames to improve quality of the stream presented to the end user.
Many players can be in memory at one time.
Many players can be self-centered and referees seem to have forgotten what traveling is.
Many players can play many different positions.
Many players choke up on the handle, which increases maneuverability and racket head quickness.
Many players choose either a backhand or forehand stance when they wait for the smash.
Many players choose only one part of the skill tree to train in .
Many players choose only one part of the skill tree to train in.
Many players choose to play the parts of monsters and other supporting roles.
Many players come from poor families and bad run down neighborhoods.
Many players consider bunkers easier to play from than rough because they put backspin on the ball.
Many players create alliances and set their companies to run respectively with one another.
Many players desire to become collegiate and then professionals players.
Many players differ in their preferences of the two magic systems.
Many players do and, as a result, they get stale, bored, and stuck in a level rut.
Many players do their own grinding, usually on the soles.
Many players dress in plus fours or wear shirt and tie to add to the festivities.
Many players earn a roster spot based on their ability to play special teams.
Many players elmininate themselves by running out of ammo.
Many players enjoy dressing in esoteric, paintball specific clothing.
Many players erroneously believe that most of the sound of an instrument comes out of the f holes.
Many players feel it is just too short and never play there as a result.
Many players find it much easier to get to games during the warmer climate.
Many players find it necessary, at one time or another, to increase the size of their grip.
Many players find it to be one of the best golf holes in the country.
Many players find that the best way to improve is to play with a good partner.
Many players follow the exact instructions.
Many players forget to get the murder holes technology in the university.
Many players get millions of dollars for every contract they sign.
Many players go on to play travel soccer, and for their high school teams.
Many players go to the gym as part of our chess training.
Many players have a personal favorite type of weapon, such as close combat, or missile.
Many players have by now a full stable of parties of various levels and equipment.
Many players have different techniques.
Many players have more than a dozen games at the same time.
Many players have reputations that accurately reflect how well they have performed.
Many players have significant reasons for wearing a certain number.
Many players have their palms facing each other at the ball crosses the plate.
Many players intimidate their opponents before the game.
Many players just consider one method and so tie their hands to a limited strategy.
Many players keep a variety of types and gauges available for varied sounds and playing styles.
Many players let external circumstances control their confidence.
Many players like to bet on single numbers.
Many players like to get in some competition before heading to a major.
Many players like to take advantage of the free alcoholic drinks offered by the casino.
Many players list their preferences on the matchboard and on their personal information cards.
Many players look for reasons to call.
Many players look for the longest lasting strings that they can find.
Many players love being an armchair mechanic.
Many players love the game.
Many players make beautiful, free-flowing practice swings.
Many players make it to the highest level with flawed techniques and do rather well in the end.
Many players make place wagers because it is a safer pick than a win wager.
Many players make their own padding from foam and elasticated bandaging.
Many players make their own padding using foam and elastic bandaging.
Many players measure their chess experience in decades.
Many players miss the importance a pick has on their playing technique and style.
Many players misunderstand the proper position of the right arm throughout the golf swing.
Many players move plenty, they just move in the wrong direction.
Many players never get lower than a crouch during a game.
Many players obviously do otherwise.
Many players overlook the importance of a proper warm up.
Many players overlook the importance of their racquet's grip.
Many players participating in research also claim interest in larger jackpots.
Many players perfect their moves on a home version of the game but continue to play in public.
Many players play flat-footed a great percentage of time on the court.
Many players play more than one position.
Many players prefer the pro taper because it allows the cue to easily slide inside a closed bridge.
Many players prefer the sound of the small tube amps.
Many players prefer to buy matching clubs.
Many players prefer to continue to play several different courses.
Many players prefer to have their hands slightly off the back shoulder.
Many players prefer to use premounted heads for some obvious reasons.
Many players prefer using an electric guitar strap as a substitute for the above sitting position.
Many players put a slight curve in the blade of their sticks for increased puck control.
Many players reach a high standard before they fully know the rules.
Many players recommend the Brekke two-piece bridge .
Many players refuse to wear the consolation rings, which they believe symbolize defeat.
Many players regrip once every few months .
Many players rely on specific augmentation combos in order for their strategies to work.
Many players report feelings of frustration and helplessness.
Many players reside in places other than the city in which they play.
Many players retire at the end of a season, and many new ones are created.
Many players say it s because of the intense competition during practices.
Many players say no.
Many players say their interest in the game has deep roots.
Many players seem to feel more control when blocking with the backhand.
Many players seem to have no clue as to how to put the ball in the basket consistently.
Many players select the college based on their relationship with the coach.
Many players shatter that figure.
Many players show up just to thrash the monsters and collect the gold.
Many players shy away from Philly because of it.
Many players sign in the fall, end the process and go back to living normal lives.
Many players simply use the power of their wheelchair to move and control the ball.
Many players sit at the bar while marking their bingo cards.
Many players spend countless hours at the centers.
Many players spend the vast majority of playing time in a room where no one is listening.
Many players spend their dinnertime working until long after the sun has set.
Many players sport a gold cross around their necks.
Many players start competing in the warm-up.
Many players start the downswing with a swing that immediately starts an upward motion.
Many players still refuse to pay, but the majority is willing to pay.
Many players struggle for par here.
Many players swear by the feel they get skating without socks.
Many players take advantage of both programs.
Many players take along their chess sets wherever they go.
Many players take pride in their ability to avoid bags.
Many players take their next shot from right under the tree.
Many players take up the cube and polish it ready for action.
Many players tap the plate with their bat the same way each time they get into the box.
Many players tape their ankles before practice and games.
Many players tend to think of necromancers simply as masters of the undead.
Many players think it does.
Many players think it is of great importance the wood used for the housing.
Many players think of poker as being, in part, a struggle to conceal information.
Many players toss the ball too far to the right when hitting slice serves.
Many players try to use their muscle mass to hit the ball.
Many players use chords on purpose for effect and for contrast to single notes.
Many players use flights that represent the 'flag' of their country.
Many players use graphite to lubricate the nut and bridge slots.
Many players use the characteristics of the disc to help direct the flight path.
Many players use their own special tunings that often remain proprietary secrets.
Many players use their skills to teach others in children's training camps.
Many players utilize individual adaptions to maximize their control and skating ability.
Many players wear gloves and protective eyewear, too.
Many players wish to play extremely short timed games.
Many players wrap their handles with various materials for grip or comfort.
More players also mean more and better prizes.
More players are on the way.
More players are to be added to both teams.
More players can enjoy any of the sets above.
More players get on base by being walked than by hitting.
More players mean more competition and more fun.
More players mean more teams and games, which require more coaches, officials, and fields.
More players means better services at lower prices.
More players means pressure to make sales.
More players now come from warm-weather climates than ever before.
More players translates to more opportunities for good scores.
More players trust the Neumann Original Receiver Glove than any other single glove.
More players try out for the high school teams.
Most players usually make a better score on their second and third tests.
Most players usually make a better score on their second test.
Most player like to spin to their right.
Most players acquire chances.
Most players admit that they have been made to prance around like a pack of monkeys.
Most players agree to contracts before hearings.
Most players aim for the middle of the board, because the odds of hitting a balloon are much higher.
Most players aim just short of the four fairway bunkers with a long iron or a short wood.
Most players already play CDs as well as DVDs.
Most players appreciate difficulty.
Most players are a little more subtle about it, claiming an injury as the reason.
MOst players are better with a stronger grip, expecially juniors and women.
Most players are college or graduate students, late starters, and guys looking for a second chance.
Most players are fast so the best way to get yardage is to attack straight upfield.
Most players are high level, and most limited items are taken.
Most players are high level, but newbie help is available.
Most players are high level, but some limited items are available.
Most players are inclined to put their best horse in the race with the biggest purse.
Most players are likely to have had some experience playing video games.
Most players are likely to use an in-car or hood view most of the time.
Most players are more annoyed at being elimated from the game, than any small bruise.
Most players are never lucky enough to be so blessed.
Most players are right-footed.
Most players are students, and students who do go pay much less than the general public.
Most players are usually willing to help newbies.
Most players are well into their middle aged years, with a healthy dose of senior's in the mix.
Most players assume roles.
Most players attend one DYP per week.
Most players attribute their success to the effort they put forth in preparing for running.
Most players become teams.
Most players become too hole oriented and have problems controlling their distance.
Most players begin by using two hands when taking a backhand shot.
Most players bounce the ball or spin it in their hands before setting up their free throws.
Most players can and do have several different roles.
Most players can easily keep track of a few key holdings.
Most players can handle the weight differential of an ounce or so.
Most players can hear and feel an improvement immediately.
Most players can hit more topspin with the two-handed backhand.
Most players can store about an hour's worth of CD quality music in their internal memories.
Most players carry the puck on the back of the blade while curling.
Most players choose the chance to play somewhere else over starring for their home team.
Most players choose the more direct route over the cliff.
Most players classify themselves as intermediates.
Most players come from West Virginia.
Most players come into the green from the right side with a short third shot.
Most players complete easy tasks.
Most players complete missions.
Most players complete tasks.
Most players consider the skill of netting stupid, and over used.
Most players consume an excessive amount of sugar, salt and fatty foods.
Most players create impact.
Most players cry immediately when something is hurt.
Most players do a good job handling it.
Most players do act properly, and good behavior is contagious.
Most players do learn on their own and eventually become proficient at bending.
Most players do stuff.
Most players don t have their entire weekend to devote to a single game.
Most players dream about going out hitting their last shot that they take.
Most players drop in the rankings after a significant injury.
Most players enjoy the offensive end of the game and regard defense as work.
Most players enter colleges.
Most players enter modes.
Most players expect the market to move sideways for at least the next month or so.
Most players extend arms.
Most players fall between sizes, with the bigger size being better for the elbow.
Most players feel pretty guilty about telling someone no.
Most players fight for chances.
Most players find elevation changes difficult to club correctly.
Most players find it possible to do well at the game playing for only a few minutes each day.
Most players find themselves in the collection area, short and in the front left part of the green.
Most players finish insisting the yardage on the score card is wrong.
Most players follow habits.
Most players forget their assignment and just try to make the play.
Most players gain experience.
Most players get at least a little solo time to establish their characters.
Most players get chances.
Most players get choices.
Most players get experience.
Most players get extra credit for looking good and wearing armor.
Most players get only a few weeks off from practice and classes a year.
Most players get over it.
Most players get that falling forward five times.
Most players get vitamins.
Most players go farther right than necessary, bringing the trees into play.
Most players go the way of least resistance and take the easy road to working.
Most players grab a quick bite and go their own way.
Most players gravitate towards one or the other as their 'standard' mode.
Most players HATE to run.
Most players have ability.
Most players have active roles.
Most players have an uncontrollable pack rat habit of collecting any weapon or item in sight.
Most players have assignments.
Most players have emotion.
Most players have exceptional ability.
Most players have games.
Most players have hands.
Most players have health.
Most players have hearts.
Most players have issues.
Most players have locations.
Most players have methods.
Most players have more than one.
Most players have options.
Most players have regular assignments.
Most players have rights.
Most players have roles.
Most players have same win hands.
Most players have short memories and a lot on their minds during the season.
Most players have sight.
Most players have some type of quadriplegia and are classified as to their abilities.
Most players have superstitions associated with the game.
Most players have tasks.
Most players have the capacity to play far better then they do.
Most players have the hardest time with the doubles and triples.
Most players have their biggest season before they negotiate a new contract.
Most players have to experience Detroit to see how good it is to play here.
Most players have trouble remembering to watch their favorite TV show.
Most players have trouble rolling a ball a certain distance.
Most players heat up the blade with a torch then bend it somehow.
Most players imagine their sound in a vacuum.
Most players initially assume that the opponents are either stupid or dishonest.
Most players install themselves.
Most players join associations and societies and play in local events.
Most players just step over the chalk line when they go on and off the field.
Most players keep in touch.
Most players know it is wrong to attack a nil with high cards.
Most players know rules.
Most players know where the line between good and bad gameplay is drawn within a reasonable range.
Most players lack an endgame leanringbook in their chessbook library.
Most players launch careers.
Most players learn basic strategy and no more.
Most players learn dobro through bluegrass and country music.
Most players learn levels.
Most players like to attack with a low normal to start their offense.
Most players like to contact the ball about waist-high.
Most players lob better from the forehand side.
Most players lock their legs up once they have approached the offensive player being trapped.
Most players loose their focus trying to play over their heads.
Most players lose because they play too many hands.
Most players lose fluid.
Most players lose games.
Most players lose the love of the game that they have in high school.
Most players lose weight.
Most players lose.
Most players love to help beginners understand the game they love.
Most players love to talk about their characters.
Most players make movement.
Most players make musical sound.
Most players make sound.
Most players meet minimum requirements.
Most players meet requirements.
Most players mistakenly believe that certain wagers on a roulette table are superior to others.
Most players move arms.
Most players move fingers.
Most players never learn the game before they sit down and play their first hand.
Most players notice differences when doing cut rushes or when the ball catches the hoop uprights.
Most players now use alloy-shafted woods.
Most players only get it through the hard os work of preparation.
Most players only win hundreds or thousands of dollars each time they play.
Most players opt for either the mouse and keyboard combination or the sophisticated joystick route.
Most players opt to roll.
Most players opt to sleep in rather than get up for juice and cereal.
Most players opt to walk the course so that they can take in the view.
Most players opt to wear a full cage face mask, some others wear a half plastic shield.
Most players own a racquet and bring their own birds.
Most players participate in events.
Most players pick themselves really.
Most players play for money.
Most players play pro baseball because they love it.
Most players possess capacity.
Most players possess large capacity.
Most players possess large storage capacity.
Most players possess storage capacity.
Most players practise fast.
Most players prefer the less slippery silver plated models.
Most players prefer to follow their instincts.
Most players prefer to kick in court shoes.
Most players prepare for disaster, A good player prepares for success.
Most players probably prefer attacking to defending.
Most players protect wealth.
Most players provide information.
Most players provide such information.
Most players rate our guitars tracking as the fastest available -see users list.
Most players receiving the ball on the interior of a zone receive it in tight quarters.
Most players recover in three to six weeks.
Most players regain health.
Most players rely on instinct.
Most players represent nations.
Most players return for another season.
Most players routinely make basic mistakes.
Most players say that line with ease.
Most players say to forget the Range course.
Most players scan the Internet daily for information.
Most players see members.
Most players see movement.
Most players see opportunity.
Most players select difficulty levels.
Most players select options.
Most players select their tournaments based on their current rankings.
Most players shift weight.
Most players shoot too low and too short.
Most players show strength.
Most players sit on benches.
Most players slump after a great first season.
Most players spend more than four hours exploring.
Most players start learning by referring to a basic strategy chart.
Most Players state the playability and tonal response as very good.
Most players swing their mallet above the ball a few times to get the aim spot on.
Most players switch, then, because of bigger money, even as they love to try new clubs.
Most players take breaks.
Most players take cabs or sometimes limousines.
Most players take chances.
Most players take private students.
Most players tend to key on the alignment of their feet only.
Most players tend to lean towards stiff shafts that require a great deal of physical strength.
Most players tend to shy away from comparisons.
Most players tend to take the most logical path toward the enemy rather than that most direct.
Most players tend to use a handle that is too large.
Most players try to avoid that at all cost.
Most players try to strangle the club, which results in more harm then good.
Most players uncover strategies.
Most players understand good life.
Most players understand life.
Most players use a medium strength reed and a medium size mouthpiece.
Most players use different bats based on who is pitching and other factors.
Most players use friction.
Most players use imagination.
Most players use rooms.
Most players use skills.
Most players use static friction.
Most players use the head swing method of pivoting because it's physically the easiest.
Most players use their shoulders in a tackle.
Most players use too wide of a stance and lose power.
Most players use two types of kicks to pass to a teammate or shoot towards the goal.
Most players watch games.
Most players wear camouflage clothing in the outdoor fields.
Most players wear gear.
Most players wear helmets.
Most players work as teams.
Most players work on spiking during warm-up and never pass a ball.
Some players act apologetic as if it's the last thing on earth they had in mind.
Some players actually grunt.
Some players actually sleep with their bat to break out of a hitting slump or stay in a groove.
Some players allow hearts to be led at any time.
Some players already appear to have made the necessary adjustments.
Some players also are uneasy with certain elements of the marketing push.
Some players also can record music or other sounds to cassette .
Some players also can record music or other sounds to cassette.
Some players also have elbow and shoulder pads and padded hockey pants.
Some players also like smaller discs for wind play.
Some players also use the responsive double when partner has made a simple overcall in a suit.
Some players also use the third finger.
Some players appear on many cards.
Some players are able to be searched without the above.
Some players are alert for periods of time but inconsistent.
Some players are better than others and they are the ones who are rewarded.
Some players are bigger film freaks than others.
Some players are considerably better at it than others.
Some players are decent for a few years and then blossom.
Some players are even known gang members.
Some players are faster than others.
Some players are full-blown, with everything and the kitchen sink.
Some players are great early, but peak and never improve.
Some players are hitters.
Some players are in USA too.
Some players are instantly recognizable men from pro basketball teams.
Some players are instantly recognizable on the field, even from the nosebleed seats.
Some players are invaluable because they make the big plays and thrive in tense situations.
Some players are invited to events.
Some players are just a bit more equal than others.
Some players are just strong as on ox.
Some players are more aggressive, while some bowlers tend to play a little more defensively.
Some players are no-frills with a minimum set of features.
Some players are off to slow starts and a couple injuries calls for one to be patient.
Some players are only available as plugins to browsers.
Some players are out for months nursing injuries.
Some players are smarter than others and some are greater athletes.
Some players are students of the game and play it like an art form.
Some players are sure to be put off by the lack of inventory-driven puzzles.
Some players are swifter, smarter, better shooters.
Some players are the chain, some the pedals, and some the gears.
Some players are worth the headaches.
Some players arrive in Hawaii still hurting from playoff losses.
Some players assess levels.
Some players assess relative skill levels.
Some players assess skill levels.
Some players attack enemies.
Some players attack villagers.
Some players attend prep school as part of the usual four-year high school period.
Some players avoid injuries.
Some players become champions.
Some players become financially secure before they play their first pro game.
Some players become friends.
Some players become great new friends.
Some players become legends.
Some players become so obsessed with outcome that the cost of possible loss is magnified tenfold.
Some players believe in keeping a few missiles back as a threat.
Some players believe that ankle sprains can be avoided and like the tightness.
Some players believe that they shoot better and stick-handle better due to the new materials.
Some players believe the key to winning is betting a progression.
Some players block shots better than other because they have a greater jumping ability.
Some players block shots without thinking twice.
Some players break necks.
Some players build construction.
Some players call it an anthill.
Some players call it cochon.
Some players call the game blackjack and some call it twenty-one.
Some players can assume a more strategic role and direct the action from afar.
Some players can be fun in a noncommittal, casual relationship.
Some players can be more dominant in the lower teams.
Some players can come back fine from five or six knee surgeries.
Some players can count on two, three, and sometimes even four tools as their strengths.
Some players can develop a very quick roll around and then shoot the ball quickly.
Some players can do that, while others struggle.
Some players can do the action in slow motion.
Some players can get past the mundane issues that dominate the game.
Some players can handle it, some thrive on it, others are completely unable to cope.
Some players can handle the ball well, so they are the guards.
Some players can make royals with their eyes closed.
Some players can swing hard when the tempo is fast but lose the groove when the pace slows a bit.
Some players can tackle.
Some players can take a year to adjust to a new kind of ball.
Some players can trust their stroke better than others.
Some players capitalize on the streaks by increasing their wagers after each win.
Some players carb up, others go completely without.
Some players catch baseball.
Some players change color.
Some players change models on a whim.
Some players characterize a streak as three or more wins.
Some players choke when they get out there, in front of a lot of people.
Some players choose to lay-up and go over the water onto the green with their second shot.
Some players choose to lay-up and go over the water, onto the green with their second shot.
Some players cite injuries and rest for skipping the contest.
Some players claim that chew enhances their athletic performance.
Some players claim that fighting is part of the game and that it sends a message to the other team.
Some players close themselves out from the media completely.
Some players collect food.
Some players come both nights.
Some players come in shapes.
Some players come in various shapes.
Some players come to play bingo, others to play poker.
Some players come to the hall every day for at least five hours at a time.
Some players come to the major leagues and make the adjustments right away.
Some players come USB only.
Some players come with multi-disc changers for sorting and cataloging discs.
Some players commit suicide.
Some players communicate with their supporters in the strangest ways.
Some players compare the game to Tetris, but one Connecticut player says it's faster.
Some players complain of the expense of a good helmet.
Some players complain that they fall out, particularly if they hit with a lot of spin.
Some players complete gold story scrolls.
Some players complete scrolls.
Some players confuse warm up and practice.
Some players confuse warm-up and practice.
Some players consider knowledge of openings to be unnecessary and play at sight.
Some players control aspects.
Some players control characters.
Some players convert electricity.
Some players correct errors that are uncorrectable in other drives, particularly high speed types.
Some players create sound.
Some players cry, uncontrollably.
Some players decide against leaving the state in order to keep their careers alive.
Some players dedicate selves.
Some players deliver trailers.
Some players die after accidents.
Some players die after games.
Some players die after injuries.
Some players die after suffer injuries.
Some players die after workouts.
Some players die from gases.
Some players die from poisonous gases.
Some players die in accidents.
Some players die in auto accidents.
Some players die of brain injuries.
Some players die of causes.
Some players die of injuries.
Some players die of natural causes.
Some players disagree.
Some players discover power that they never had.
Some players discover truth.
Some players discuss experience.
Some players discuss strategies.
Some players dismiss their superstitions as simply 'habits'.
Some players display the active sound channels in LED form on the front panel display.
Some players do a lot though, from eating a certain breakfast, then working out, and so on.
Some players do because they are afraid if they go in hard, they're going to get hurt.
Some players do in fact look like their real life counterparts.
Some players do tilt their harp upward.
Some players do win but there are a lot more losers.
Some players draw an imaginary bisector as their reference point.
Some players draw more attention from the defense than others.
Some players dump money into two or three machines at the same time.
Some players elect to keep the bat vertical for as long as possible through the swing.
Some players employ intuition.
Some players enjoy campaign games, while others prefer to jump directly into the random maps.
Some players enjoy skills.
Some players enjoy thinking, writing and working on their characters between sessions.
Some players enter basements.
Some players enter markets.
Some players even cling to the perverse belief that a victory at hole number one is a bad omen.
Some players even get online after a game to help calm themselves.
Some players even go to bed as a team.
Some players even have physical defects that are older then most of our league players.
Some players even like to create their own characters in light of the theme of the game.
Some players even use missiles and shells to take a gun down.
Some players excel on hard courts, some on clay.
Some players extend their careers by becoming full-time DHs.
Some players feast on it, others are devoured by it.
Some players feel senses.
Some players feel that playing beach volleyball improves their indoor game.
Some players feel that they have greater freedom of movement be standing.
Some players feel the added mass helps balance the horn.
Some players feel the officiating has been a bit uneven in the first month.
Some players feel they are invincible.
Some players fight reptiles.
Some players figure to have their obituaries worded differently from city to city.
Some players find decoration.
Some players find dual shocks.
Some players find horses.
Some players find it difficult to play with the cross hatching of a cage in front of their eyes.
Some players find patches.
Some players find shocks.
Some players find that hard to justify and prefer to pay a fixed salary.
Some players find that taking a deep breath before taking a penalty helps.
Some players find that the more anxious they are, the greater the problem.
Some players find the traditional rugby shorts to be too short, or the fit to be uncomfortable.
Some players flee fields.
Some players focus operations.
Some players focus with a lead, while others fold under the pressure.
Some players follow common themes.
Some players follow themes.
Some players fool around to the point of disrupting practice drills.
Some players forgo tube longevity in the interest of achieving the most desirable tone.
Some players freak out and commit dumb mistakes.
Some players get bats.
Some players get death.
Some players get down after watching their team concede a goal.
Some players get extra time.
Some players get goo.
Some players get into a fight on the court.
Some players get into a physical zone.
Some players get more attention than others.
Some players get starters' minutes and shrink.
Some players get time.
Some players get to the locker room more than three hours before game time to prepare.
Some players get vehicles.
Some players get versions.
Some players get walks and singles, and some hit doubles and homers.
Some players go down on all fours before one of the lines.
Some players go on strikes.
Some players go so far as to create characters to be able to kill other player character builds.
Some players go through their whole careers just passing the blame onto someone else.
Some players go to extremes and play the bagging game at the beginning of a match.
Some players grow stale in one organization.
Some players handle it differently than others.
Some players have a difficult transition from one level to the next.
Some players have a sense of the game.
Some players have a sense of where other players are on the ice.
Some players have a tendency to get too close to the goalie before they shoot.
Some players have an enormous ego and desire to win.
Some players have an interview schedule.
Some players have bills to pay and dreams to chase.
Some players have both optical and coaxial outputs, but others have one or the other.
Some players have caddies that are very active in what is going on with their man.
Some players have camps.
Some players have cards.
Some players have chances.
Some players have chess.
Some players have contract drives.
Some players have day camps.
Some players have energy.
Some players have enough energy.
Some players have high enough levels.
Some players have high levels.
Some players have information.
Some players have levels.
Some players have more difficulty with that, while others thrive.
Some players have more information.
Some players have nodes.
Some players have other commitments during the season.
Some players have pickups.
Some players have possibility.
Some players have pumpkins.
Some players have queens.
Some players have rings.
Some players have sheer strength.
Some players have strength.
Some players have suicide.
Some players have teachers they've worked with since junior golf and college.
Some players have that talent within themselves.
Some players have the music transposed into the treble clef.
Some players have their idiosyncratic gestures in the game as well.
Some players have their insurance paid in part or fully by their union or by their orchestra.
Some players have things to work on, such as starts, and acceleration, but that happens every year.
Some players have trouble adjusting to all the media attention during the tournament.
Some players help dances.
Some players hit hard but are eratic and thus for more likely to lose a match.
Some players hold cards.
Some players identify careers.
Some players ignore mechanics.
Some players insist that the cards be dealt one at a time.
Some players insist that there s money to be made in the consumer space, too.
Some players intentionally remove it from the cue altogether.
Some players just get better with age.
Some players just have to be bribed to try something new.
Some players just panic and handpass it straight over the boundary line.
Some players just skip all the work.
Some players just work at a faster rate than others.
Some players keep on attempting to find a shortcut instead of simply taking the regular route.
Some players kill referees.
Some players kill soccer referees.
Some players knock the table to indicate a pass.
Some players know games.
Some players lead by example.
Some players learn plays at mini-camp.
Some players leave industries.
Some players leave safe zones.
Some players leave states.
Some players leave zones.
Some players let out loud yells.
Some players like to cover the whole finger, while others prefer to cover just the sore spots.
Some players like to ease back into things after coming off the disabled list.
Some players like to glue their top-sheet with the sponge they like.
Some players like to go out early because they want to play quickly.
Some players like to juggle the ball on their own before the game.
Some players like to play all their shots from the left heel, which is okay.
Some players like to play presses for half the match bet.
Some players like to remove their covers, and believe it gives some treble lift.
Some players like to see the last horse complete the course correctly before becoming the winner.
Some players like to throw straight through the trees, but most are better off to lay up right.
Some players live in immortality because of their hits, others because of their wits.
Some players lose experience.
Some players lose health.
Some players lose more than just water.
Some players lose water.
Some players love American rules.
Some players love to fire in raise after raise.
Some players make a horrible mistake by trying to win every pot they play.
Some players make an annual pilgrimage to stay with fellow team members in the Stevens Point area.
Some players make personal visits with teams to allow an even closer look.
Some players make their own didges with plastic pipes or bamboo.
Some players miss practices for no good reason.
Some players move their heads because they want to watch the ball roll the entire way to the hole.
Some players mull the decision over for a few weeks, while others commit right on the spot.
Some players never learn to win or develop confidence because they are always overmatched.
Some players never recover from a injury and become worse.
Some players never recover, but others come back.
Some players offer two-speaker simulated surround sound.
Some players only play one game.
Some players only produce in certain environments.
Some players opt for the fast attack method, while others go for the mass army of tanks.
Some players opt to build the ore truck before building tanks.
Some players overcome handicaps.
Some players own at the most two horses and they manage extremely well.
Some players own thousands of cards, and some buy to collect, without even playing the game.
Some players peak later and it is obvious who they are.
Some players play games.
Some players play on the back side while others play right on.
Some players play on top of the beat.
Some players play too far forward, place the ball near the outside line.
Some players play with only one joker, and therefore only five cards in the kitty.
Some players pose for a photo on the boat.
Some players possess remarkable mental toughness.
Some players prefer a guitar shaped body, which makes the instrument easier to hold when sitting.
Some players prefer a high seat, others a low one.
Some players prefer absolute damping, others allow a little resonance.
Some players prefer action gaming.
Some players prefer horns with non-detachable bell flares.
Some players prefer slow time controls and others prefer faster play.
Some players prefer the head to be as tight as possible without breaking.
Some players prefer the straight neck for playing jazz while standing.
Some players prefer to break a glove so that the little finger and thumb tips come together.
Some players prefer to have no wax at all on their wooden didj mouthpieces.
Some players prefer to indicate emphasis by the way they put their bidding card on the table.
Some players prefer to keep the side of the tip natural.
Some players prefer to kill other players more than mobs.
Some players prefer touching the reed more to one side.
Some players prefer witches.
Some players probably wish that the doors never opened that day.
Some players receive coaches.
Some players receive death.
Some players relax between shots by conversing with their playing partners.
Some players release the top hand.
Some players respond better than others.
Some players respond to that style.
Some players return to Milwaukee for the little things.
Some players rise to the challenge.
Some players roll with the experience.
Some players run into the crowd after winning and hug their parents or lovers or coaches.
Some players run off of rechargeable lithium batteries.
Some players run single-PC parties, i.e. with only one character.
Some players say crowd noise is interfering with pre-snap calls and signals.
Some players say footswitching is for sissies.
Some players say that as many as half a dozen players per team are using steroids.
Some players say the games are translated in a slapdash manner.
Some players say the intensity of competition has gotten out of hand.
Some players say there is a stigma attached to players who buy into a better spot in the games.
Some players say they even enhance their game.
Some players say to use only an open hand bridge, others a closed hand.
Some players say words or phrases quietly to themselves.
Some players see directional markers.
Some players see lists.
Some players see markers.
Some players see training as a chance to improve both themselves and the team as a whole.
Some players seek to simply make their racquets heavier without altering static balance.
Some players seem focused during games and never look into the stands.
Some players seem overly annoyed by the slightest noise.
Some players seem to have a unique playing style.
Some players seem to have gained confidence, although others still remain timid.
Some players seem to know that already.
Some players shave down the handles of their bats.
Some players shoot the breeze with the penalty box official.
Some players showdown good cards only.
Some players simply overcompensate by going into an overkill mode regarding cup depth.
Some players simply take joy in killing other players and ruining their fun.
Some players sit, staring at the fast-moving video screens, for hours.
Some players skip certain tournaments because of family.
Some players spend it on themselves.
Some players stand out, though.
Some players start off slow.
Some players start the clubhead first.
Some players still post over on the rec.games.trading-cards.misc newsgroup.
Some players stop working when a scheduled update is suggested.
Some players struggle in switching from aluminum bats to wooden ones.
Some players suffer death.
Some players suffer fate.
Some players suffer four or five fatal injuries per game.
Some players suffer from problems.
Some players suffer seizures.
Some players suffer sudden seizures.
Some players suffer unfortunate fate.
Some players support conclusions.
Some players take a couple of years to adjust to wood from aluminum.
Some players take a single slice, but most take a couple.
Some players take active roles.
Some players take advantage.
Some players take damage.
Some players take ideas.
Some players take next steps.
Some players take notes.
Some players take off for a week with their family to fish in Canada.
Some players take part in joint tour of Barbados.
Some players take pictures.
Some players take roles.
Some players take slight damage.
Some players take steps.
Some players take the time to sign nearly everything.
Some players take the wrong approach, and it becomes a home run derby.
Some players take time to adjust to a different team and league.
Some players take zinc.
Some players talk as if they again have lost control of their Tour.
Some players tape up their jerseys to make sure they're really tight.
Some players think it's nasty.
Some players think that a performance trend is the result of one good or bad game.
Some players think that pummeling a new glove is the way to a quick break.
Some players think there's no such thing as too much vibrato, they love it that much.
Some players think they can only damage their prospects.
Some players thrive on the continuous challenge of being a pitcher.
Some players throw a putter as their first shot from the tee.
Some players throw balls.
Some players travel to habitats.
Some players turn actors.
Some players turn successful actors.
Some players use a chair that is too high.
Some players use a pumice stone after a shower or bath to file down their calluses.
Some players use a random number or string, and some use email addresses.
Some players use bats.
Some players use crosses, circles, etc.
Some players use different positions for the non-dominant hand.
Some players use extra club to avoid the sand only to bounce over the green.
Some players use fingertips.
Some players use forces.
Some players use it for rollers.
Some players use levers.
Some players use lob wedges as their primary sand club.
Some players use powder.
Some players use steroids.
Some players use the actual support mechanism of the body, usually called the diaphragm.
Some players use the lips.
Some players use the pad of the middle joint of all three fingers of each hand.
Some players use the second or third joints of their fingers.
Some players use the throat, which usually produces the strangest of sounds.
Some players use wood shafts in recognition of the roots of lacrosse.
Some players wear gloves.
Some players wear other protective gear on their arms, legs and the rest of their body.
Some players wear patches.
Some players wear robes.
Some players wear rubber plimsolls, while others are barefoot.
Some players wear their intensity on their sleeves.
Some players willingly make the switch.
Some players win automatic entry.
Some players win big, others lose big, others come out even.
Playful activities build math logic and reasoning skills.
Playful activities offer kids a safe and fun escape from illness, tests, and treatments.
Playful angles create unusual spaces, literally encouraging students to think outside the box.
Playful boys spend hours outdoor, contesting to see who can spin the top for the longest time.
Playful compilation features dancing, giggling quartet enjoying beloved nursery rhymes.
Playful concertos Do crash and roll.
More playful creatures can have their days made interesting in other ways.
Playful dogs can disturb ground-nesting animals and birds.
Playful dogs can wreak havoc at all sorts of inconvenient moments.
Playful Dolphins are always visible and delight visitors as they swim alongside their boats.
Playful fighting is very common in young puppies.
Playful illustrations show animal musicians as they gather for a performance.
Playful moments happen daily.
Playful nymph holds small crackle globe.
Playful pets love diskettes.
Playful porpoises enjoy following in the wakes of boats for short distances.
Playful pretzels Help children learn healthy snacking habits.
Playful pups splash.
Playful puppies can be irresistible and frisky kittens adorable.
Playful repetition offers mastery over past experiences of helplessness.
Playful squirrels round out the wonderment.
Playful thoughts has lots of math puzzles and things to think about.
Playful tie looks great with either a suit or casual denim shirt.
More playful works are also in evidence.
Playfulness can be an indicator of youthfulness in women.
Playfulness can be present even in serious learning.
Playfulness characterises many of the references.
Playfulness cultivates an attitude which joyfully bridges and enhances our work and personal lives.
Playfulness is a trait
Playfulness is deeper than seriousness.
Playfulness is frivolity.
Playfulness recalls our ability to keep things light and in perspective.
A playgoer is a spectator
Playgoers spread blankets on the ground in front of the stage or sit on chairs and risers.
All playground equipment has a limit on the number of children it can safely accommodate.
All playground improvements are on time and on budget.
Many playground injuries occur on hard-packed earth, asphalt or concrete surfaces.
Most playground injuries occur on the swings, monkey bars, and slides.
Most playground injuries result from falls.
Playground safety is an example of both environmental hazards and injury prevention.
Playground safety is very important to parents.
A playground is an area
Playground isa location.
Playgrounds allow children a great opportunity to stay physically fit in a fun way.
Playgrounds also can facilitate other areas of physical development.
Playgrounds are a fun way for children to develop intellectually.
Playgrounds are focal points of mini and neighborhood parks.
Playgrounds are great places for kids if the plaground is up to safety standards.
Playgrounds are ground zero for germ warfare.
Playgrounds are likely to produce sightings as well.
Playgrounds are located in parks.
Playgrounds are located in schools.
Playgrounds are old and unsafe.
Playgrounds are open to the public for recreation after class hours.
Playgrounds are surrounded by brick walls.
Playgrounds are surrounded by walls.
Playgrounds are the focal point of neighborhood parks.
Playgrounds are the perfect transmission points for every kind of bug.
Playgrounds are yards.
Playgrounds can be dangerous, too.
Playgrounds can get extremely hot.
Playgrounds can have other hazards, resulting from old or poorly designed and installed equipment.
Playgrounds can help children develop physically, emotionally, socially and intellectually.
Playgrounds constructed with materials other than recycled plastic lumber are available.
Playgrounds enhance community character and attract families to the downtown.
Playgrounds entertain the youngsters.
Playgrounds have (part) bases.
Playgrounds have (part) courtyards.
Playgrounds have (part) elevators.
Playgrounds have (part) foundation stones.
Playgrounds have (part) foyers.
Playgrounds have (part) hotel rooms.
Playgrounds have (part) interior doors.
Playgrounds have (part) roofs.
Playgrounds have (part) sections.
Playgrounds have (part) staircases.
Playgrounds have (part) storeys.
Playgrounds have (part) walls.
Playgrounds have (part) windows.
Playgrounds help develop social, emotional and cognitive skills.
Playgrounds overflow with shouts of joy.
Playgrounds play an important part in every child's growth.
Playgrounds pose special dangers for strangulation incidents.
Playgrounds provide an important social and physical environment for the development of children.
Playgrounds provide children with experience-fortified gratification of physical research.
Playgrounds seem to have invisible but impenetrable color zones.
Playgrounds surrounded by picnic tables and large shade trees are everywhere.
Every playground is supervised by a qualified leader.
Most playgrounds are surrounded by brick walls.
Most playgrounds are surrounded by walls.
Some playgrounds have trees.
A playhouse is a toy
Playhouse isa plaything.
Playhouse isa toy.
Playhouses are available in a variety of colors.
Playhouses are out.
Playhouses are small buildings.
Playhouses are toys.
Playhouses have (part) sections.
All playhouses come in different sizes.
Playhut structures come with a one-year limited warranty against manufacturing defects.
A playing card is a card
Playing cards  cheats.
Playing cards  competition.
Playing cards  holds.
Playing cards  tournaments playeds.
Playing cards  winnings.
Playing cards  wins.
Playing cards are activities.
Playing cards are cards.
Playing cards are part of decks.
Playing cards are used for bored people.
Playing cards are used for bridges.
Playing cards are used for enjoyment.
Playing cards are used for entertainment.
Playing cards are used for fun.
Playing cards are used for games.
Playing cards are used for hobbies.
Playing cards are used for mental stimulation.
Playing cards are used for old people.
Playing cards are used for play games.
Playing cards are used for pleasure.
Playing cards are used for wasting time.
Playing cards cause amusement.
Playing cards cause anger.
Playing cards cause fun.
Playing cards cause happiness.
Playing cards cause wasting time.
Playing cards cause winnings.
Playing cards get sticky.
Playing cards is a partial sin.
Playing cards is about the only type of recreation available.
Playing cards simulate real events affecting financial performance.
Playing cards tend to be a particular size, for example.
A playing field is a circumstance
Playing field is twenty feet below street level.
Playing field update Some fencing and a new gate had still to be put up.
Playing field update The purchase of the playing field has now been completed.
Playing fields are circumstances.
Playing fields are located in parks.
Playing fields are located in schools.
Playing fields are open areas.
Playing fields are part of stadiums.
Playing fields are tracts.
Playing games  cheats.
Playing games  cheer.
Playing games  frustrations.
Playing games  fun.
Playing games  laughs.
Playing games  smoke.
Playing games  winnings.
Playing games  wins.
Playing games are activities.
Playing games are playing.
Playing games are used for bonding.
Playing games are used for competition.
Playing games are used for enjoyment.
Playing games are used for entertainment.
Playing games are used for exercises.
Playing games are used for fun.
Playing games are used for mental stimulation.
Playing games are used for pleasure.
Playing games are used for sociability.
Playing games are used for strategies.
Playing games are used for stress reductions.
Playing games are used for tactics.
Playing games are used for winnings.
Playing games can be a fun way to practice following rules.
Playing games can reinforce their knowledge.
Playing games cause anger.
Playing games cause arguments.
Playing games cause competition.
Playing games cause competitiveness.
Playing games cause contentment.
Playing games cause dying.
Playing games cause enjoyment.
Playing games cause entertainment.
Playing games cause fatigue.
Playing games cause frustrations.
Playing games cause fun.
Playing games cause happiness.
Playing games cause injuries.
Playing games cause muscle fatigue.
Playing games cause relaxation.
Playing games cause stress.
Playing games cause winnings.
Playing games cause wins.
Playing games helps to stimulate the patient's mind.
Playing games implies people have leisure time.
Playing games teaches children many skills and social interaction.
Playing sports  cheats.
Playing sports  drink water.
Playing sports  exercises.
Playing sports  injuries.
Playing sports  running.
Playing sports  runs.
Playing sports  scores.
Playing sports  scoring.
Playing sports  sweating.
Playing sports  winnings.
Playing sports  wins.
Playing sports are used for athletes.
Playing sports are used for bonding.
Playing sports are used for competition.
Playing sports are used for enjoyment.
Playing sports are used for entertainment.
Playing sports are used for exercises.
Playing sports are used for fitnesses.
Playing sports are used for friendships.
Playing sports are used for fun.
Playing sports are used for health.
Playing sports are used for jocks.
Playing sports are used for money.
Playing sports are used for personal satisfaction.
Playing sports are used for physical fitnesses.
Playing sports are used for recreation.
Playing sports are used for social activities.
Playing sports are used for winnings.
Playing sports can help girls feel like they belong to something.
Playing sports can teach girls to set goals, learn perseverance and discipline.
Playing sports cause anger.
Playing sports cause contusion.
Playing sports cause exhaustion.
Playing sports cause fun.
Playing sports cause good health.
Playing sports cause injuries.
Playing sports cause knee injuries.
Playing sports cause pain.
Playing sports cause rain.
Playing sports cause serious injuries.
Playing sports cause stardoms.
Playing sports cause sweating.
Playing sports cause winnings.
Playing sports cause wins.
Playing sports do run in the family now.
Playing sports makes the list, too.
Playing can involve cheats.
Playing can involve education.
Playing can involve injuries.
Playing can involve laughings.
Playing can involve laughs.
Playing can involve laughter.
Playing can involve running.
Playing causes competitiveness.
Playing causes enjoyment.
Playing causes fatigue.
Playing causes fitnesses.
Playing causes fun.
Playing causes injuries.
Playing causes relaxation.
Playing causes satisfaction.
Playing causes skinned knees.
Playing causes winnings.
Playing causes wins.
Playing is actions.
Playing is fun.
Playing is information transfers.
Playing is musical performance.
Playing is physical events.
Playing is recreational activities.
Playing is used for children.
Playing is used for enjoyment.
Playing is used for exercises.
Playing is used for fun.
Playing is used for leisure time.
Playing is used for pleasure.
Playing is used for recreation.
Playing is used for relaxation.
Playing is used for squirrels.
Playing is used for teaching.
Playing is used for wasting time.
A playlet is play
Playlets Forget the art.
Playlist software is too complicated, too restricted.
Playlist support is finished.
A playlist is a list
Playlist implies cddb.
Playlist isa list.
Playlist opens up details on each track.
Playlists are a great way to compile favorite files or albums.
Playlists are also e-mailed each week to a list of interested recipients.
Playlists are available after show broadcast.
Playlists are available in advance.
Playlists are available on the web site.
Playlists are available on the website above.
Playlists are available online in the week following each show.
Playlists are even easier to manage.
Playlists are lists.
Playlists are now available for the past several weeks.
Playlists are subject to additions or substitutions without notice.
Playlists have (part) items.
Playlists have their own special icon on the LCD screen.
Playlists provide an interface to sequence graphic events for manual or automated playout.
A playmaker is a player
Playmakers are in serious short supply.
Playmakers are players.
Playmakers can only make plays when they are on the field.
Playmakers generally prefer lighter weight shafts for wrist and snapshots.
Playmakers is involved in the presentation of several on-campus theatrical productions each year.
Playmakers provides special performances for disadvantaged and handicapped children.
Playmate control is even worse.
A playmate is a comrade
Playmates are at eye level with the child.
Playmates are companions.
Playmates are forever.
Playmates are plentiful, friends are loyal.
Playmates are simple to operate.
Playmates are vital for the socialization.
Playmates can come and go as they please at the Mansion.
Playmates force children to face realities of their world.
Playmates provide new ways to play, think, talk and get along.
Playoff format is a single elimination tournament between qualifying playoff teams.
A playoff game is a game
Playoff games are at an additional cost.
Playoff games are at the highest seed's site with the semis and finals at a neutral venue.
Playoff games are games.
Playoff games are more frequent and scheduled on various weekday and weekend days by the staff.
Playoff games are part of playoff.
Playoff games depend on it and so do their jobs.
Playoff games draw crowds in the thousands.
Playoff games have a way of coming down to making a stop or making a kick at the very end.
Playoff games tied after overtime go to penalty kicks.
Playoff series take on a warped life of their own, refuse to behave.
Every playoff series is different, and every playoff season is different, though.
Playoff flashbacks A daily look at some of the greatest moments in playoff history.
Playoff hopes renewed.
Playoff is a contest
Playoff is contests.
Playoff push just a mirage.
Playoffs are a strong possibility.
Playoffs are a whole new season and players take on a whole new attitude.
Playoffs are all single elimination.
Playoffs are funny.
Playoffs are just around the corner and nothing has been decided yet for any of the teams.
Playoffs are just around the corner.
Playoffs are next.
Playoffs are the end for the seniors.
Playoffs are totally different than the regular season.
Playoffs are when it really matters.
Playoffs begin in one week.
Playoffs begin today.
Playoffs begin with division series.
Playoffs Click any date below to request tickets for that event.
Playoffs Click any team matchup below to view game dates.
Playoffs come around.
Playoffs consist of a double elimination tournament.
Playoffs decide tied scores.
Playoffs determine their champion.
Playoffs follow at the conclusion of the season.
Playoffs follow the regular season.
Playoffs go on.
Playoffs is all about momentum.
Playoffs start tonight.
A playpen is an enclosure
Playpens are a very useful tool to separate dog and infant.
Playpens are available for guests traveling with children.
Playpens are enclosures.
Playpens are storage devices.
Playpens have rattles and plastic toys.
Playpens limit learning.
Playpens work well with some babies, and others cry the minute they're put into one.
Playpens usually have food and water dishes.
A playroom is a room
Playroom isa room.
Playrooms are large and airy, and children rest in a number of monitored small sleeprooms.
Playrooms have (part) bases.
Playrooms have (part) ceilings.
Playrooms have (part) doorways.
Playrooms have (part) floors.
Playrooms have (part) room light.
Playrooms have (part) sections.
Playrooms have (part) walls.
Every playroom develops to the needs of the community where it is set.
Playschool isa institution.
Playtest positions are available by invitation only.
A plaything is an artifact
Plaything isa artifact.
Playthings have (part) sections.
Playthings prevent boredom and misbehavior.
A playtime is leisure
Playtime comes, and the children ride tricycles along the sidewalk outside the classrooms.
Playtime exists out of time as far as cinema is concerned, a genre as yet uninvented.
Playtime includes games like soccer, cricket and hopscotch.
Playtime incorporates many learning activities.
Playtime is a very important learning activity for young children.
Playtime is almost over.
Playtime is among the least understood, most wonderful times in life.
Playtime is an important part of growing up.
Playtime is as important for adults as it is for kids.
Playtime is distinguished from other times.
Playtime is essential.
Playtime is given throughout the open space of our home.
Playtime is here.
Playtime is important to staying healthy.
Playtime is important.
Playtime is incorporated into a public presentation.
Playtime is one of the most important parts of the school day.
Playtime is open seven days a week .
Playtime is over for a few days.
Playtime is over.
Playtime is Science materials kit is published.
Playtime is Science.
Playtime Is Science.
Playtime is the time for school milk.
Playtime is their happiest hour, and their laughter resounds in the courtyard.
Playtime is unconditional love time.
Playtime is very important and rabbits like to get lots of attention and stimulation.
Playtime isa leisure.
Playtime offers terrific food and entertainment all in one location.
Playtime s over .
Playtime serves a mainly low-income client base.
Playtimes are leisure.
Playtimes can help ease the stress and tension of daily living for all family members.
Playtime often includes toys of one kind or another.
A playwright is an author
Playwright arrives at a theater and makes a joke.
Playwright asks to be informed before any production of the play.
Playwright strongly opposes all forms of censorship but is flexible regarding any proposed changes.
Playwrights are authors.
Playwrights are craftspeople as well as artists.
Playwrights are free to add to story.
Playwrights are special.
Playwrights are the chroniclers of our time.
Playwrights bow or smile or wave or blush.
Playwrights can expect a response within six months of submitting a script.
Playwrights can submit more than one play.
Playwrights employ acts to indicate changes in time, setting, mood, etc.
Playwrights get very small advances, but they own a piece of the play.
Playwrights have only the speech of their characters to carry all the information of a life lived.
Playwrights have to be nurtured.
Playwrights have to learn to think analytically and analyze things, just as directors do.
Playwrights lead such tragic, obsessed lives.
Playwrights offer amusing skits depicting intriguing past and current events.
Playwrights Play scripts of Vancouver Island and Gulf Island writers.
Playwrights receive an honoraria plus loding and travel.
Playwrights see people as characters.
Playwrights send out many scripts to producers, but they often go nowhere.
Playwrights take aim at revisionism.
Playwrights tell stories verbally.
Playwrights tend to be loyal beasts.
Playwrights write for audiences.
Playwrights write scripts for theatrical productions.
Most playwrights go wrong on the fifth word.
Some playwrights enjoy the wide variety of forms, too.
Some playwrights find the TV road a dead end.
Some playwrights hire entertainment lawyers to negotiate individual contracts.
Some playwrights spend an entire lifetime attempting to get their work produced.
A plaza is an outlet
Plaza allow too many people enter the trains.
Plaza are two wholesale stores under one roof, operated by the same.
Plaza drains to be replace with new, larger area drains and enlarged storm drains.
Plaza is a big night club, it has two floors with many tables and comfortable chairs and couches.
Plaza is a popular raised panel.
Plaza is a semi-dwarf durum with high yields.
Plaza is a very tiny islet that surprisingly supports a large population of iguanas.
Plaza is accessible three hours prior to the time of function.
Plaza is ok - sometimes better than others.
Plaza is on right hand side.
Plaza is on the left .
Plaza is one of ten middle schools in the corporation.
Plaza is only a portal that sends the order to merchants.
Plaza is really a wonderful place.
Plaza is the best one.
Plaza Live Get in on the Plaza's live entertainment.
Plaza provides an extensive product line of major and independent lube oil.
Plaza takes care of little details that make staying at the hotel pleasant.
Plazas abound with fountains, statues and bright flowers.
Plazas are a place for friends and family to gather.
Plazas are buildings.
Plazas are public space.
Plazas enhance the beauty of any location.
Plazas have multiple lanes.
Plazas have no accumulations of rubbish but are covered with even layers of mud bricks and plaster.
Most plazas serve traffic flowing in two directions.
All PLDM locations offer weekly storytimes for various ages.
Plea agreements are contracts.
All plea agreements are subject to the judge's approval.
Plea bargain saves time and money .
Plea bargains are a very important and efficient way to resolve criminal cases.
Plea bargains are another method of compelling self-incrimination.
Plea bargains are bargaining.
Plea bargains are essential to keep dockets flowing.
Plea bargains are primarily the province of the prosecutor.
Plea bargains happen all the time.
Plea bargains have a bad reputation but prosecutors say they provide justice.
Plea bargains tend to lighten everyone's caseload.
Plea bargains undermine our criminal justice system.
A plea bargaining is a bargaining
Plea bargaining creates a fictional crime in order to avoid going to trial over a real one.
Plea bargaining is a tool of conciliation.
Plea bargaining is an integral part of the American criminal justice system.
Plea bargaining is prevalent for practical reasons.
Plea bargaining is the way of life.
Plea bargaining is very controversial.
Plea negotiations have a beneficial effect in avoiding disproportionate sentences.
A plea is a due process
Plea has a factual basis.
Pleas are answers.
Pleas are due processes.
Pleas are part of trials.
Pleas be here.
Pleas be kind and look away.
Pleas be patient.
Pleas become demands.
Pleas bring a small plate of food to share.
Pleas call for a complimentary consultation or for our detailed catering menu.
Pleas call or e-mail.
Pleas call the phone number above.
Pleas call three weeks in advance to schedule.
Pleas check back soon for an updated listing of courses.
Pleas check back soon for important information.
Pleas check back very soon .
Pleas check out the available mascot , clip art now.
Pleas check the URL and try again.
Pleas click here .
Pleas click here for page without frames.
Pleas come out and play it is a lovely day to play.
Pleas come to volunteer to help.
Pleas corect the proposal.
Pleas do it.
Pleas download the latest internet explorer by klicking here.
Pleas drop off the image to be scanned and a floppy disk.
Pleas eleave the bag only half full.
Pleas enter the portal.
Pleas feel free to distribute.
Pleas feel free to look around.
Pleas feel free to take our polls and then view the results.
Pleas follow directional signs.
Pleas follow the installation instructions after running the file.
Pleas have a look by all means.
Pleas have paitence.
Pleas help mi.
Pleas leave msg.
Pleas look for a topical browser.
Pleas note that most academic or talent-based scholarships require other applications.
Pleas note that parking is limited at changeover zones.
Pleas note the following address has moved.
Pleas plan to attend.
Pleas read and make any corrections or comments.
Pleas report any broken links.
Pleas see the link below for more detail.
Pleas see the sign up sheet in the great hall for prices.
Pleas see the spanish Events section.
Pleas send all forclosed property info.
Pleas send back.
Pleas stay in touch.
Pleas stop back for more photos.
Pleas use a brouser that supporst frames.
Pleas use a browser, like netscape navigator, that can display frames.
Pleas use an other browser.
Pleas use the link below to fill out the form.
Pleas visit our reference list .
Pleas visit the links below.
Pleas visit the new one.
Pleas write back soon, as soon as possible.
Pleas write in English, German or French.
Pleas write soon.
A pleading is a statement
Pleading are answerings.
Pleading are legal proceeding.
Pleading are statements.
Pleading gets to be a bore after a while.
Pleading is only one of many ways of providing opportunity to prepare.
Pleading is the exchange of written claims and defenses between and among the litigants.
Pleadings are certain formal documents filed with the court that state the parties' basic positions.
Pleadings are documents that are filed in court.
Pleadings are documents that communicate with courts and other parties about legal matters.
Pleadings are formal papers that are filed with the court or administrative agency hearing the case.
Pleadings are part of a larger category of procedural rules.
Pleadings are to be liberally construed.
Pleadings collected are substantive.
All pleadings filed by the plaintiff are available below as .pdf files.
Pleasance is a retreat
Pleasance means a pleasant rest or recreation place.
Pleasant aromas can attract customers by piquing their curiosity.
Pleasant backyard has a small vegetable garden and raspberries.
Pleasant beach lies on the northern tip of Ocean County.
Pleasant boat ride along the estuary for birdwatching.
Pleasant body feel.
Pleasant breezes seem to constantly roll off the water and up through the house.
Pleasant country walk.
Pleasant Creek is a relaxing place to spend a day at the beach.
Pleasant Creek is also a popular site for organized dog field trials.
Pleasant Creek offers another launch site and camping facilities.
Pleasant effects derive from texture of fabric, and pattern of leaves.
Pleasant emotions are also common.
Pleasant evenings offer great opportunities for romantic campfires and roasting marshmallows.
All pleasant experiences are welcome things, so no root canals are pleasant experiences.
All pleasant experiences are welcome things.
Pleasant fragrance helps neutralize odors.
Pleasant fragrance is a plus.
Pleasant fragrance remains long after use aiding in odor control.
Pleasant glow lights the way without disturbing others.
Many pleasant hours can.
Pleasant impression is that it is such a beautiful city.
Pleasant Lake has great fishing.
Pleasant Lake is a shallow kettle hole lake that reaches warm summer water temperatures.
Pleasant music accompanies the introduction.
Pleasant music fills the air as everyone works.
Pleasant music plays in the background.
Pleasant neighborhoods occupy the beachside banks.
Pleasant odors are good omens, unpleasant ones predict anxieties.
Pleasant odors have positive hedonic tones, and negative hedonic tones indicate unpleasant odors.
Pleasant results are nearly impossible in warm climates.
Many pleasant shops are on the same street.
Pleasant streets are critical for a healthy Central City.
Pleasant sunlight smoothes the surface, the gentle waves glide like oil.
Pleasant temperatures encourage Charleston residents to enjoy the outdoors all year long.
Pleasant thoughts make pleasant lives.
Pleasant thoughts surround the memories of our boyhood days.
Pleasant tunes accompany the gameplay.
Pleasant Valley continues to be an ideal place for hunting and fishing.
Pleasant Valley has an extensive athletics program.
Pleasant Valley is another popular run.
Pleasant Valley is in a state of rapid student growth.
Pleasant Valley is only two wins away from winning their own tournament.
Pleasant Valley ranks well with the best in the area.
Pleasant Valley takes on Wellborn today.
Pleasant vanilla notes on top of apple, pear and melon fruit.
Pleasant weather is anticipated.
Pleasant weather makes for good conversation fodder too.
Pleasant words are a honeycomb, sweet to the soul and healing to the bones.
Pleasant words are as a honeycomb, sweet to the soul, and health to the bones.
Pleasant words are as an honeycomb , sweet to the soul , and health to the bones .
Pleasant words are as an honeycomb sweet to the soul, and health to the bones.
Pleasant words are as an honeycomb, sweet to the soul, and health to the bones.
Pleasant words are as honeycomb, sweet to the soul, and health to the bones.
Pleasant words are like a honeycomb, sweetness to the soul and health to the body.
Pleasant words are like a honeycomb, sweetness to the soul and health to the bones.
Pleasant words are like a honeycomb.
Pleasant words are sweet to the soul.
Pleasantness is highly underrated.
Pleasantness is quality
Pleased customers stick around.
Pleased parents report stories of excited children who love to come to school.
Pleasing children can be more difficult at table-service restaurants than at QSRs.
Pleasing customers sells products.
Pleasing emotions are excited and the imagination is gratified by the use of metaphors and similes.
Pleasing parents is very important to a toddler - especially during the second year.
Pleasing peers becomes most important.
Pleasing performer has lots of extras but generated dark scenes in some games.
Pleasing presents are either hard to find or too expensive.
Pleasing proportion is a combination of the elements of design, line, texture, color etc.
Many pleasurable behaviors pose no risk of unintended pregnancy or sexually transmitted infection.
Pleasurable experiences are in fact beneficial to health.
Pleasurable interactions reach a rare intensity.
Pleasurable scents unlock odor memories, trigger our emotions and release stress.
Pleasurable scents unlock odour memories, trigger our emotions and release stress.
Pleasurable sex is contrary to religious teachings.
A pleasure boat is a powerboat
Pleasure boats are generally dutiable when imported into the United States.
Pleasure boats are surprisingly absent.
Pleasure boats crowd area marinas and docks.
Pleasure boats drift up and down.
Pleasure boats float next to red brick promenades.
Pleasure boats moor at harbour, village itself is set on slope away from sea.
Pleasure boats towing inner-tube riders mix with barges being pushed by tugs.
Pleasure boats use aluminum and stainless now days.
Most pleasure boats are factory equipped with aluminum propellers.
A pleasure craft is a powerboat
Pleasure craft are an increasing proportion of West Coast vessel activity.
Pleasure craft carry vacationers to sand beach islands, which highlight the waterway.
Pleasure horses are everywhere, and their job descriptions also cover a wide territory.
Pleasure horses are important to many aspects of New Hampshire recreation.
Pleasure horses can have a varied winter routine from idleness to full activity.
Pleasure horses require attention.
Pleasure horses ridden occasionally.
Many pleasure horses are in their second, or even third, career.
Most pleasure horses require attention.
A pleasure seeker is a sensualist
Pleasure seekers abound.
Pleasure alone is the object of desire.
Pleasure belongs to anyone who is willing to take responsibility for creating it at every age.
Pleasure can be a powerful tool for health.
Pleasure can be a resource, and the penis as giver of pleasure, a nuptial gift.
Pleasure can contribute to happiness.
Pleasure causes humans to do base actions.
Pleasure comes automatically when things go well, when good things happen.
Pleasure comes first.
Pleasure comes from letting go or holding on to feces.
Pleasure comes from self-stimulation of the genitals.
Pleasure comes in many forms.
Pleasure comes in order, the self, the same sex, then the opposite sex.
Pleasure comes on many levels.
Pleasure comes only as a by product of another activity.
Pleasure comes, and just as quickly, pleasure goes.
Pleasure depends on external circumstances, such as money, food, travel, etc.
Pleasure depends upon nerves, mind and objects.
Pleasure derived from sex is a crucial factor in preserving youth.
Pleasure deteriorates into torture.
Pleasure driving in the area is beautiful in any season.
Pleasure falls, By our day.
Pleasure figures large in Harris's life.
Pleasure follows purchase as well as identity.
Pleasure has a great deal to do with satisfying hunger.
Pleasure has an anatomical basis and it has a function.
Pleasure has no place in the process of the preservation of the species.
Pleasure has to be the goal or primary purpose.
Pleasure has to come unexpectedly, like a thief in the night.
Pleasure inherently implies experience.
Pleasure is a fool's-gold look alike of joy.
Pleasure is a goal.
Pleasure is a good thing.
Pleasure is a matter of conditioning.
Pleasure is a matter of personal temperament and personal taste.
Pleasure is a powerful force.
Pleasure is a real, and often a good experience.
Pleasure is a reward.
Pleasure is a source of energy.
Pleasure is a state of the mind.
Pleasure is a way of using the body to evade the obligations that go with having a soul.
Pleasure is a woman's birthright, and without it life stagnates.
Pleasure is activities.
Pleasure is also good for the soul.
Pleasure is also part of health.
Pleasure is among the highest criteria for determining desirable behavior.
Pleasure is an accident waiting to happen.
Pleasure is an element.
Pleasure is an idea that seems to float like a separate island.
Pleasure is an important part of it.
Pleasure is an internal good.
Pleasure is an interval between two pains.
Pleasure is anarchic.
Pleasure is brief as a flash of lightning, or like an autumn shower, only for a moment.
Pleasure is brief, punishment is eternal.
Pleasure is but a veil of illusion hiding the real story of life.
Pleasure is choices.
Pleasure is completely self-contained utilizing professional sound and lighting equipment.
Pleasure is directed towards doing good of various kinds.
Pleasure is embodied through fully experiencing it.
Pleasure is emotion.
Pleasure is energy.
Pleasure is everything.
Pleasure is ex- pressed by a continued low squeaking through the trunk.
Pleasure is feeling
Pleasure is feelings.
Pleasure is for the moment, at the cost of the future.
Pleasure is found in the consciousness of free spontaneous action.
Pleasure is fugitive, peace is mortal, and knowledge is sour.
Pleasure is generally a mostly physical feeling.
Pleasure is good even if it results from the most unseemly conduct.
Pleasure is good.
Pleasure is high on the list for today.
Pleasure is highly subjective.
Pleasure is itself a good, nay, setting aside immunity from pain, the only good.
Pleasure is just a nice additional benefit.
Pleasure is like jumping off a cliff.
Pleasure is meant to be shared.
Pleasure is missed when it is the goal and attained when it is the side effect of attaining a goal.
Pleasure is mixed with pain.
Pleasure is more of a short-term sensation.
Pleasure is more than the absence of pain.
Pleasure is much less easily measured than money.
Pleasure is nature's way of approval.
Pleasure is nonessential. 'utbe' bel.
Pleasure is nonessential.
Pleasure is now, in the present tense.
Pleasure is our first and kindred good.
Pleasure is passive.
Pleasure is political.
Pleasure is quick and violent, like a flash of lightning.
Pleasure is related to happiness.
Pleasure is relative to work.
Pleasure is right now.
Pleasure is seen as an end in itself and the highest good.
Pleasure is sensuous and as fleeting as the emotions.
Pleasure is sexual activities.
Pleasure is sin only when It results in pain instead of fun.
Pleasure is so sweet to it that it forgets the whole process of pain.
Pleasure is something entirely physical.
Pleasure is spontaneous and exists in the realm of the individual.
Pleasure is such a diverse thing.
Pleasure is taken in simple things and problems are shared.
Pleasure is temporal and fleeting.
Pleasure is the actual and proper motive of every choice.
Pleasure is the beginning and end of the good life, and prudence is the pursuit of pleasure.
Pleasure is the byword here, coupled with a sense of idealism and ease in doing things.
Pleasure is the distorted reflection of bliss in the mirror of our worldly expectations.
Pleasure is the enjoyment of a healthy mind and body.
Pleasure is the key word here.
Pleasure is the law.
Pleasure is the only good, and the achievement of pleasure the only virtue.
Pleasure is the only thing they know.
Pleasure is the principal.
Pleasure is the pursuit during the festivities and both men and women seek romance at a hot pace.
Pleasure is the raison d'etre of Goa.
Pleasure is the transition of a man from a less to a greater perfection.
Pleasure is the wrong word.
Pleasure is to an extent socially determined as well.
Pleasure is transient.
Pleasure is what it's all about.
Pleasure is within our power, but joy never is.
Pleasure isa feeling.
Pleasure lies in the heart .
Pleasure makes people happy.
Pleasure makes the frustrations more tolerable.
Pleasure moves on too early and trouble leaves too slow.
Pleasure needs no justification.
Pleasure needs to be offset by contrast.
Pleasure only last a short time.
Pleasure opens an infinite register of new responses.
Pleasure promises more than it can produce.
Pleasure provides valuable feedback about bodily needs, but is limited as a decision guide.
Pleasure recommends except most beef whether subscribe the best baseball bats.
Pleasure remains, especially in the return to old favorites.
Pleasure runge oriental rugs.
Pleasure sail via all food because occupy game for teenager.
Pleasure seems a thing of the past.
Pleasure stands for music as a means of global communication.
Pleasure triumphs over propriety.
Pleasure vessels over on board.
Pleasures are deceitful.
Pleasures are endless at the local library.
Pleasures are the bait and the result is pain.
Pleasures are transient, honors are immortal.
Pleasures are, therefore, to be followed with moderation and caution.
Pleasures can slip by without our extracting much of their joy.
Pleasures flow everywhere.
Pleasures newly found are sweet When they lie about our feet.
Pleasures poptart dicks raci uge pierce dicks poptart pervert housewives pleasures.
Pleasures result when difficulties fructify.
Pleasures too are simple.
Pleasures turn into necessities, people habituate to positive experiences.
Pleasures often become prisons.
All pleasure is creative if it avoids exchange.
All pleasure is motivational satisfaction, a phenomenon of consciousness.
All pleasures cost at least the time they take.
Much pleasure is derived from fishing even if no fish are caught.
Some pleasures are better than others.
Some pleasures are easier to find when they are closer to the surface.
Some pleasures are the easiest to give and to receive but they cost nothing.
Some pleasures are the effects of evil actions.
A pleat is a fold
Pleat edges to seal.
Pleats accentuate the deep contours.
Pleats adorn the bottom of the hem and bonnet.
Pleats are classic and the combination of pleats and cuffs on trousers are a great look.
Pleats are folds.
Pleats are one-half inches deep.
Pleats are optional.
Pleats are wonderful for travel.
Pleats can vary from five to seven per swag.
Pleats dance along the front bodice and around the waistline.
Pleats expand for zoom camera.
Pleats go in rear.
Pleats increase the amount of media in the frame of the filter.
Pleats look best on the tall and slender.
Pleats make pants dressy and provide room to move around in, while flat-front pants are slimming.
Pleats stay crisp, straight and perfectly spaced.
Pleated boot seals the precision components and ensures smooth, trouble free operation.
Pleated Bubble has a choice of two classic collar styles or a simple band.
Pleated chiffon is used as a trim.
Pleated corners add decorative touch.
Pleated design allows bag fabric to conform closely to body contours.
Pleated design increases surface area to capture more particles.
Pleated fabric is set onto a neckband, forming the neck ruff.
Pleated filters are one to six inches thick.
Pleated filters use a finer mesh, which catches smaller particles.
Pleated garments are best hand laundered.
Pleated pants are also available in Charcoal.
Pleated shades come in a variety of colors.
Pleated shades offer fashion flexibility with many fabrics, colors and textures to choose from.
Pleated trousers are lined to the knee for comfort.
A plebe is a trainee
Plebes are eligible for one pass during their first semester.
Plebes compete against each other in log relay races.
Plebes stand at attention while they are being spoken to by a detailer.
All Plebes take the same courses.
Every plebe also studies the history of sea power and American maritime traditions.
Many Plebes are able to go home for the weekend, depending upon distance and cost.
A plebiscite is a vote
Plebiscite endorses Indonesian rule.
Plebiscites are the way to hand government over to the elite with the deepest pockets.
Plebiscites are votes.
All plebiscites do is give elected officials deniability.
Plecostomus catfish are the best algae eaters.
Plectranthus flowers range from blue, purple, pink to white.
A plectrum is a device
Plectrums come in different sizes and thicknesses.
Many pledge cards have a place for such a designation.
More pledge cards are available in the back of the church.
Pledge drives enter new era with doubled support needed to overcome funding losses.
Pledge drives make it easy for current members to renew and for other viewers to join.
A pledge is security interest
Pledges also take part in many activities during pledgeship.
Pledges appear to be back in a sustainable growth pattern.
Pledges are also welcome and can be paid in convenient installments.
Pledges are consistently the most enthusiastic peop le in all of chapter.
Pledges are deductible in the year of payment.
Pledges are drinks.
Pledges are due by day of ride.
Pledges are either conditional or unconditional.
Pledges are exempt from wearing their ribbon while working in the scene shop.
Pledges are future brothers of the fraternity and are treated as such.
Pledges are important, actions are equally or even more important.
Pledges are legally enforceable commitments and the courts have sided with campuses in the past.
Pledges are members.
Pledges are non-refundable.
Pledges are payable over a period of up to three years.
Pledges are payable over the next three years.
Pledges are still alive and doing well with thier requirements.
Pledges are tax deductible to the fullest extent of the law.
Pledges are tax deductible.
Pledges are to be turned in at registration.
Pledges are very good and pledge payers are great.
Pledges are welcome before or after the official dates of the pledge drive.
Pledges are welcome for periods of three to five years.
Pledges be ready.
Pledges can be either for the current year or up to five years, and can be renewed.
Pledges can range from one penny a mile to as much as a dollar a mile or more.
Pledges Check up on our newest members.
Pledges Collecting pledges or other payments electronically necessitates e-commerce software.
Pledges continue to come in.
Pledges copy the behavior of active members.
Pledges do all manual labor, chores, yard work, and house cleaning.
Pledges enable a donor to plan a personal giving program that is both convenient and tax-wise.
Pledges have a greater impact on student learning than other types of home-school interactions.
Pledges have to be followed up.
Pledges help draw a teen into an identity movement.
Pledges meet separately from the active chapter.
Pledges memorize it and are asked to recite it.
Pledges range from a quarter up to ten dollars or more for each species spotted.
Pledges receive discounted rates.
Pledges select the organization, raise the funds and then lead the project on the selected weekend.
Pledges steal chapter's silverware.
Pledges support all animals in our care.
Pledges traditionally extend over a two to three year period.
Pledges wear a pledge pin denoting their pledge status in the fraternity.
Pledges often allow donors to consider a larger gift than initially thought possible.
Pledges usually cover a four-year time span.
All pledges are confidential.
All pledges are payable over three years.
All pledges are tax deductible.
All pledges are tax-deductible to the full extent of law.
All pledges are tax-deductible.
All pledges are welcome to leave if they, at any time, feel uncomfortable.
All pledges benefit homeless animals.
All pledges directly benefit the school.
Any pledge made by the authority is valid and binding from the time the pledge is made.
Every pledge does.
Every pledge is rewarded.
Every pledge makes a real difference in people's lives.
Most pledges are for three years, but five-year pledges are also being accepted.
Some pledges are still outstanding.
A pledger is an adult
Pledgers are less likely to be prepared for an experience that they have promised to forego.
Pledthodontid salamanders are key components of the energy flow of forest ecosystems.
Pleiotropic genes act as an arbitrating force in speciation .
Plenary addresses are usually for large audiences held at convention or conference centers.
Plenary jurisdiction attaches only after leave is granted.
Plenary Lectures are keynote addresses by outstanding ornithologists.
Plenary meetings occur annually.
Plenary session acts upon calendar item.
Plenary sessions address current challenges.
Plenary sessions are preferred.
Plenary sessions contain lots of time for questions and answers.
Plenary sessions introduce concepts and examples.
Plenary sessions involve the entire body of the conference.
Plenary sessions speak to theme.
Plenary sessions start today.
All plenary sessions are open.
Plenary speakers are as follows.
Plenipotentiary conferences focus on long-term policy issues.
Plentiful alligators keep the holes clean and bare.
Plentiful conversation fills the air.
Plentiful examples exist in the literature of ASMs applied to different types of algorithms.
Plentiful examples highlight the key points of the book.
Plentiful flowers look like miniature pinwheels in lavender and white.
Plentiful forests supply the thriving furniture and lumber industries.
Plentiful hours are available on a full or part time basis.
Plentiful jobs help shrink food stamp rolls across the country.
More plentiful jobs encourages young people to work now and delay having children.
Plentiful labor is cheaper labor.
Plentiful opportunities exist for golfers and fishermen.
Plentiful opportunities exist to build a portfolio with real design projects on and off campus.
Plentiful parking is available across the street from the festival site at no additional cost.
Plentiful parking is located nearby, and bicycles are permitted on the ferry.
Plentiful photographs are excellent.
Plentiful rainfall leads to a perfect foliage season.
Plentiful rewards are also essential.
Plentiful shade is adjacent to each space.
Plentiful sidebars focus on especially significant and compelling events.
Plentiful species are walleye, catfish, ling, and trout.
Plentiful staff resources most projects have specific contact person.
Plentiful sunlight is a key factor for maximum fruit production.
Plentiful sunlight is a key to maximizing fruit production.
Plentiful taxis are available to the city.
Plentiful writing makes for a willingness to edit.
Plenty devils come.
Plenty evidence appears to back up that conclusion.
Plenty grass been be for that place.
Plenty of horns are present and some real tight musical talent.
Plenty of power is on tap for accelerating away from intersections, onto freeways and passing cars.
Plenty statistics are available that belie the educrats claim of excellence in education.
Plenty also sponsors a number of active environmental programs in North America.
Plenty are available.
Plenty are business and industrial companies.
Plenty are here in lots of categories.
Plenty are the women for the taking.
Plenty arrives in time for a small New Year's Eve get-together.
Plenty depends on the individual person AND the relationship between the two people.
Plenty do, and with very good arguments.
Plenty do, has a great replay value, and a deep involving story line.
Plenty end up single.
Plenty going on, so let's begin.
Plenty happens here.
Plenty have cozy diplomatic relations with dictators from Cuba to Libya to Iraq.
Plenty is abundances.
Plenty is an abundance
Plenty is at our doorstep, but a generous use of it languishes in the very sight of the supply.
Plenty is available outside the park as well.
Plenty is crappy.
Plenty is involved in doing all of that.
Plenty is known, and most of it bad.
Plenty is new on the shockwave list.
Plenty is the reality.
Plenty is wrong with being satisfied with being average.
Plenty is wrong with many colleges.
Plenty isa abundance.
Plenty just have a mother or just a father.
Plenty like to watch.
Plenty pegmatites around.
Plenty remain, though, to allow a full appreciation of the movement.
Plenty remains to be worked out.
Plenty rides on tonight's game at South Florida.
Plenum cable has a metal sheath inside that meets required wiring code for permanent installation.
Plenum cable is also available there for about twice the cost.
Plenum cable is generally more expensive due to the sheathing material used.
Plenum cable is recommended when running cable in ceilings or behind walls.
Plenum cables provide superior solutions for in-building wireless networking.
Plenum ceilings require teflon cables.
Plenum wire is typically double the cost of non-plenum cable.
A plenum is an enclosure
Plenums are the large ducts above or below the air handler.
Pleochroic halos are dark rings of various radii seen in mica and other minerals.
Some pleochroic sapphire is blue when viewed at one angle, and purple at a different angle.
Pleochroism is an optical phenomenon
Pleochroism is often diagnostic.
Pleochroism is weak and peridot has no fluorescence.
Pleomorphic adenomas are the most prevalent of benign salivary gland tumors.
Pleomorphic adenomas have a tendency to recur.
Pleomorphic form has large lipoblastic multinucleated cells.
Pleomorphic liposarcomas are cellular neoplasms composed of pleomorphic tumor cells.
Pleomorphic rhabdomyosarcoma is considered rare and controversial, especially in children.
Pleomorphic rhabdomyosarcoma is rare but exists in children.
Pleomorphic rhabdomyosarcoma is sarcoma
Pleomorphism is a concept that today sounds very strange.
Pleomorphism is a natural phenomenon
Pleomorphism refers to the amount of variability, or atypia, of tumor cell nuclei.
Some pleomorphism is relatively simple.
A plesiosaur is a reptile
Plesiosaurs are a group of marine predators that descended from terrestrial ancestors.
Plesiosaurs are animals.
Plesiosaurs are one of a type of reptiles that returned to the sea.
Plesiosaurs are reptiles.
Plesiosaurs fall into two groups.
Plethysmographic data have no diagnostic value of any kind.
A pleura is animal tissue
Pleura appear normal.
Pleura is smooth and glistening.
Pleural cultures are positive in approximately one half of pediatric patients with empyema.
Pleural effects are the most common asbestos-related findings.
Pleural effusion can occur as a complication after heart surgery.
Pleural effusion is a common and devastating complication in patients with malignant neoplasms.
Pleural effusion is a common problem in cats.
Pleural effusion is a very common complication of lung cancer.
Pleural effusion is illnesses.
Pleural effusion is rare.
Pleural effusion is uncommon.
Pleural effusion occurs occasionally.
Pleural effusion prevents the lungs from fully expanding during breathing.
Pleural effusion restricts ventilation and causes progressive shortness of breath.
Pleural effusion tends to be less common but can accompany pneumococcal infection.
Pleural effusions are absent.
Pleural effusions are common and are often large enough to be evident radiographically.
Pleural effusions are most common with lung or breast cancer and also lymphoma or leukemia.
Pleural effusions are often present.
Pleural effusions are rare.
Pleural effusions are uncommon.
Pleural effusions vary in extent.
Most pleural effusions associated with lung cancer are due to tumour.
Pleural fluid is often hemorrhagic.
Pleural membranes prevent friction between the lungs and the body wall.
Pleural neoplasms are in the mesothelioma group.
Pleural pain is treated by treating the underlying cause of the pleural inflammation.
Pleural plaque is more common than mesothelioma and asbestosis.
Pleural plaque is recognized as a reliable marker of previous exposure to asbestos.
Pleural plaques are abnormal collections of collagen that are attached to the parietal pleura.
Pleural plaques are areas of scarring of the pleural surfaces.
Pleural plaques are the scarring of the thin lining that surrounds the lungs.
Pleural pressure is estimated in human subjects using an esophageal balloon.
Pleural rubs are close to the surface like they start at the end of the stethoscope.
Pleural surfaces show air-filled blebs.
Pleural thickening is a diffuse fibrosis in the pleura.
A pleurisy root is a silkweed
Pleurisy root has a long history of medicinal use with many of the Native American Indian tribes.
Pleurocarpous moss is moss
Pleurocarpous mosses have a main stem of unlimited growth , and usually much-branched.
Pleurocarpous mosses have highly branched, prostrate stems.
Pleurocarpous mosses tend to form spreading carpets rather than erect tufts.
Pleuroperitoneal foramen closes.
Pleuropulmonary blastoma is the pulmonary blastoma of childhood.
A pleurothallis is an orchid
Pleurothallis semperflorens Lindl.
Plexcom products are network communications products.
Plexiglass is heavy.
Plexiglass is synthetic resin
Plexiglass works a lot better as it is more likely to survive being shipped to and from shows.
A plexus is a structure
Plexus comes in spray and is safe for use on plastic, plexiglass, and window tint film.
Plexus considers retention equally important.
Plexus hires the best people.
Plexus is a company on the way up.
Plexus is a independent, neutral third party evaluator.
Plexus is a proven financial industry leader.
Plexus is a public domain http server written in perl.
Plexus is a spray polish made for plastics.
Plexus is a wonderful novel.
Plexus is available to fill the gap in such situations.
Plexus is fast, easy and effective.
Plexus is in Mexico, Scotland, England and Israel and is planning a business assault on East Asia.
Plexus is more than just a plastic cleaner.
Plexus is no longer at the site.
Plexus is proud to be an Integral business partner.
Plexus is recognized as the most effective plastic cleaner and polisher on the market.
Plexus leaves no smears and no smudges.
Plexus needs energetic, resourceful people.
Plexus plays an important role in the vehicle's electronics.
Plexus provides an example of the stock market's quirkiness.
Plexus seals the pores in plastic surfaces with a micro-thin layer of shiny, protective wax.
Plexuses are structures.
PLG participants achieve certification in restorative practices.
Pliable dressings are simply divided down to the level of the skin.
Pliable material folds into a narrow roll for easy removal.
Pliable minds exist only in the young.
Pliable paper makes it easy to handle, fold and store.
Pliant frames make riders squeamish and super-stiff frames make riders bruised.
Pliant grips make hand tools more comfortable to use.
Pliant response is feedback that indicates the manipulability or effect of a control.
A plier is a worker
Pliers Allow the engine to cool before beginning work.
Pliers are helpful for removing and attaching wires to screws.
Pliers are self-adjusting with superior handle comfort.
Pliers are workers.
Pliers can chew the comers off a nut.
Pliers have comfortable plastic-dipped handles.
Pliers is our entertainment.
Pliers jaws more than doubled in strength.
Pliers really help.
Pliers singles to left.
Pliers slide out from end of handle with the flick of the wrist, providing one-handed operation.
Pliers squeeze hoses shut, and jaws swivel for parallel clamping.
Pliers isa lever.
Pliers isa tool.
Plierses have (part) fulcrums.
Plierses have (part) handles.
Plierses have (part) sections.
Plight isa condition.
Plinian activity is characterized by the violent, explosive eruption of large volumes of ash.
Plinian eruptions are volcanic eruptions.
Plinian eruptions have columns of gas and volcanic ash high into the stratosphere .
Plinian eruptions have columns of gas and volcanic ash high into the stratosphere.
Most plinian eruptions last no more than a few days . . .
Some Plinian eruptions are so powerful they can change the climate for years at a time.
A ploce is repetition
Ploce has a good harbour.
Ploce is a good place for helicopters because of the weather.
Plodder isa traveler.
Plodder isa traveller.
Plodders have (part) arms.
Plodders have (part) body substances.
Plodders have (part) cell membranes.
Plodders have (part) cells.
Plodders have (part) corpi.
Plodders have (part) cytoplasm.
Plodders have (part) heads.
Plodders have (part) human bodies.
Plodders have (part) legs.
Plodders have (part) material bodies.
Plodders have (part) necks.
Plodders have (part) nuclei.
Plodders have (part) personality.
Plodders have (part) plasma membranes.
Plodders have (part) sections.
Plodders have (part) vacuoles.
Plodders like to lock things down into stable patterns.
A plop is noise
Plop comes with two default configurations.
PLOP is open to new membership and helping hands as supporters.
Plop plop fizz fizz, oh what a relief it is.
Plops are noise.
Plore space is allotted for files on both the systems tape and the file tape.
Plot devices seem to come in waves.
A plot of land is a tract
Plots of land are real estates.
Any plot of land has many characteristics which work together.
Any plot of land has many factors which make up an active network.
Every plot of land is bought and sold.
Some plots of land have multiple utility.
Plot plans indicate the dimensions and area of a lot.
Plot points fall flat.
Plot points turn on a dime.
Every plot point is listed in full text.
Every plot point is spelled out, slowly, clearly and several times.
Some plot points seem just a little too convenient.
Plot summaries are also useful.
Plot summary is an overview of events.
Plot twist enter stage center.
Plot twists add interest to any mystery.
Plot twists appear but never go anywhere.
Many plot twists make it a bit more unpredictable than the norm, but it is drug art.
A plot is a strategy
Plot appears several seconds after grid is established.
Plot appears to be central, and little nudity is present.
Plot can be a bit dull.
Plot can be chronological or non-chronological.
Plot certainly counts, but plot's nothing if there are no great characters to hang it on.
Plot comes from the songs as a whole instead.
Plot comes next.
Plot concerns a man whose mind can coil into the memory bank of any computer.
Plot concerns the assassination by kulaks of a collective farm activist.
Plot consists of bringing blood and external circumstances into alignment.
Plot develops through a series of mini-chapters, narrated by the main protagonists.
Plot does matter That s especially true of the book s plots and intrigues.
Plot exists only in the loosest sense.
Plot focuses down in on the data at the start of each run.
Plot follows behind, developing through the actions, reactions, and changes in the characters.
Plot gets weak toward the end.
Plot goes to the current graphics device.
Plot grows out of character and the character's relationships.
Plot happens as a result of choices that the character makes.
Plot has outstanding momentum and structure.
Plot involves guy with allergies stuck on island inhabited by fluffy kitties.
Plot is a deliberately arranged story with a point.
Plot is a device used by writers to impose order on what is essentially chaos.
Plot is a feature of the surface structure or discourse unit of the narrative in whatever form.
Plot is a function which plots the given equation over a specified range.
Plot is a literary convention.
Plot is a literary term.
Plot is a love story with automotive intervals.
Plot is a series of conflicts, literal happenings.
Plot is a simple thing.
Plot is an after-thought.
Plot is apparent but lacks cohesiveness.
Plot is available by gnuplot.
Plot is available for scaling requests which span multiple T, P conditions.
Plot is but piffle here, anyway.
Plot is charted, characters sketched, when the plans for writing are thrown off track.
Plot is created.
Plot is cutesy jargon.
Plot is different from story.
Plot is difficult to rate.
Plot is for novels, and novel-like films.
Plot is integral to an exciting book.
Plot is intensity versus range and azimuth.
Plot is key.
Plot is king.
Plot is made in galactic coordinates.
Plot is merely the mechanics, the logistics of telling the story.
Plot is movement that is extremely deliberate.
Plot is needed, and no hint about the problem is offered.
Plot is needless but actually interesting.
Plot is of little importance.
Plot is on the road.
Plot is one of the most nessisary parts of making a great mod.
Plot is organic.
Plot is overrated.
Plot is past the moment.
Plot is silly or nonexistant.
Plot is sixty feet by thirty feet in size.
Plot is that valuable.
Plot is the armature on which the story hangs.
Plot is the armature upon which character decisions are created.
Plot is the experimental unit and plant within plot is the sampling unit.
Plot is the experimental unit and the sampling unit.
Plot is the most important part of a screenplay and is an integral part of the story.
Plot is the most useful tool and has been explained in some depth.
Plot is the simplest element of fiction.
Plot is the spine of the play and is made up of all the essential character actions or incidents.
Plot is the struggle found in fiction.
Plot is thin, but full of characters.
Plot is to film noir like rollercoaster is to amusement park.
Plot is to the right of the Mausoleum.
Plot is very important.
Plot is well paced and engrossing.
Plot is what a book's about.
Plot is without Pizzazz.
Plot is written to the output device over any plot already there.
Plot isa chart.
Plot isa strategy.
Plot isa tract.
Plot jumps around occasionally.
Plot matters more.
Plot mean contrasts by region of interest and factor combinations.
Plot mean time and mean errors for each condition.
Plot means vs. standard deviations and means vs. variances.
Plot mediates the contours of character.
Plot merge control sets the order in which overlapping objects plot.
Plot only adds immensely to the game.
Plot only traces whose location corresponds to a checked for each trace.
Plot only traces whose location corresponds to a list given in filename .
Plot Play a Two person scene.
Plot runtimes against list size.
Plot s against t.
Plot serves the story, but plotting serves the author.
Plot shapes character and the characters shape the plot.
Plot shows a frame to write four experimental values and then Planck's constant in computed.
Plot starts the plotter.
Plot stems from character under adversity.
Plot takes a beating towards the end.
Plot takes the reader from point A to point B, making several small stops in between.
Plot uses machine precision arithmetic to sample a function.
Plot wraps up well.
Plots abound with sweet potato, peanut, corn and spices.
Plots allow easy way to check data quality in the field.
Plots also show the rider's lean in relationship to a rider's point of contact on the surface.
Plots appear here and here .
Plots are a type of rhythm, and they have to be harmonious to be beautiful.
Plots are available for all observed sources except for solar system objects.
Plots are available for allotment.
Plots are available for commercial, industrial, multi-family and single family dwellings.
Plots are available for companies to design and build to their own requirements.
Plots are available for pre-purchase or as needed.
Plots are available for rent at minimal cost and equipment is also available.
Plots are available to any member of the local Jewish community.
Plots are charts.
Plots are circular with variable radii depending on tree size and are known as prism plots.
Plots are derivitive and doing nothing but trying to steal masters' styles.
Plots are episodic and frequently include supernatural elements and fantastic adventures.
Plots are essential.
Plots are fast-paced and frequently involve foreshadowing or flashback.
Plots are fully configurable using a control panel dialog.
Plots are good for looking at trends and changes after events.
Plots are intricate and logical.
Plots are journal quality with full postscript support.
Plots are located in stories.
Plots are modular so new plots can be added easily.
Plots are nothing but a constantly recurring human situation, patterns of behavior.
Plots are now available for allotment to prospective entrepreneurs.
Plots are now available for allotment.
Plots are of good quality and there are an extensive array of functions organized into toolboxes .
Plots are on the south side of the road.
Plots are plans.
Plots are schemes.
Plots are simple and problems resolved.
Plots are simple and well paced.
Plots are simple.
Plots are specific to a particular instrument configuration and observing mode.
Plots are stories.
Plots are tracts.
Plots are transaction based bar or date based x-y charts.
Plots are vector plots of horizontal winds versus height.
Plots are very small, and farming is usually labor intensive.
Plots are weeded twice a year to maintain the experimental diversity gradient.
Plots are weird.
Plots can be continuous or corrected at time intervals determined by the user.
Plots can be libraries of reusable software as well as ongoing developments.
Plots can be more intricate and three-dimensional.
Plots can be printer plots or color screen plots.
Plots can be simple, complex or arbitrary.
Plots can make or break a game.
Plots can t give the shorty s a fair shake.
Plots can take two or more hours to print.
Plots center on a couple who are romantically linked.
Plots changes in betadiversity along a gradient.
Plots Click the thumbnail for a larger jpeg plot, or click the symbol for the postscript version.
Plots cloud to ground lightning nationwide.
Plots comparing the actual data with the best fit and a plot of the deviations are essential.
Plots consist of trees.
Plots continue for third years.
Plots continue for years.
Plots continue to thicken.
Plots controlled by women have labor inputs primarily from the women themselves.
Plots cross section against scattering parameter, and compares collisions at different parameters.
Plots depict residual versus the number of multigrid iterations.
Plots follow growth.
Plots have (part) goals.
Plots have emergence.
Plots have production.
Plots have regeneration.
Plots have to be made with a spreadsheet program.
Plots have to have conflict to keep our interest.
Plots help conclusions.
Plots involve crops.
Plots log magnitude and phase in figure window if no output parameters are present.
Plots magnitude and phase for a frequency sweep.
Plots map, storm and coordinates on any printer.
Plots means, long-term means and anomalies and rankings.
Plots now appear in-line by default.
Plots paid for are non-transferable.
Plots planted from seed require three growing seasons before producing significant amounts of seed.
Plots provide late winter food when natural food sources cease to exist.
Plots provide late-winter food when natural food sources cease to exist.
Plots qubic ploynomials with given coefficients.
Plots remain an output option, displayed in the chart window.
Plots represent represent the bulk of the visual aids used in engineering reports.
Plots require a digital scope or other equipment.
Plots residuals against fitted values.
Plots revolve around the personal and professional lives of the firm s lawyers.
Plots rosenets as well.
Plots seem gimmicky, often thematically overloaded and unbalanced, juvenile, or incoherent.
Plots show clear trends.
Plots show evolution.
Plots show nu Fnu vs. lambda, with logarithmic axes.
Plots show only one of the molecules of interest.
Plots show only recent data, but all data are accessible through the form interface .
Plots show plots.
Plots show reversals.
Plots show the most recent year's data, but the data files are complete.
Plots show trends.
Plots show views at correct relative size.
Plots show wind reversals.
Plots showing hourly averages of the observations are now available as well.
Plots showing the latitudinal coverage and the vertical coverage of the instruments are available.
Plots shown are for a cell type plot.
Plots support brushing and labeling, and are dynamically linked.
Plots surface and downhole dynamometer cards and gearbox torque plots.
Plots touch on love lives, life at the workplace and, of course, friendship.
Plots used in the compilation are to be clearly indicated and numbered on the map.
Plots windrose diagrams and polar histograms.
Plots usually revolve around themes such as the popular guy falling for the misunderstood girl.
All plots are character, rather than pixel.
All plots are free of charge.
All plots are in encapsulated postscript format.
All plots are interactive.
All plots are mown twice a year, a management regime common for such meadows.
All plots are organic, which means no chemicals can be used in the growth process.
All plots are over trial time, on the order of milliseconds to seconds.
All plots are reconfigurable by double-clicking or using the right mouse button in Windows.
All plots are snapshots of the data, usually at the last time step.
All plots are to the same scale.
All plots are versus calendar date.
All plots are zoomable using a consistent mouse technique.
All plots can be in either Cartesian, cylindrical, or spherical coordinates.
All plots can now have an axis with tick marks and labels.
All plots come with an attractive title deed suitable, a map and a proof of title card.
All plots have prime real estate values.
All plots link so that points selected in one plot instantly highlight in all others.
All plots rely on natural rainfall.
All plots share a single time scale.
All plots show some bumps at the same time.
Any plot points beyond the control limits suggest a special cause of variation.
Every plot is remeasured annually to attempt to determine initial effects of acid rain.
Every plot touches the frame, and the fairy plots at some point.
Many plots are at work.
Many plots are still available.
More plots means more trees are sampled and the data is of higher accuracy.
Most plots usually return to some equilibrium at the conclusion of the narrative.
Most plots are generally character driven or event driven.
Most plots are overgrown with weeds and small brush.
Most plots consist of trees.
Most plots continue for third years.
Most plots continue for years.
Most plots follow growth.
Most plots have emergence.
Most plots have magnificent sea views.
Most plots have production.
Most plots have regeneration.
Most plots help conclusions.
Most plots involve crops.
Most plots show clear trends.
Most plots show evolution.
Most plots show plots.
Most plots show reversals.
Most plots show trends.
Most plots show wind reversals.
Most plots start to unravel toward the end of the book because they drag on too long.
Some plots attract deer.
Some plots consist of clay.
Some plots consist of red clay.
Some plots contain all plants used in the study and others, only two species.
Some plots contain materials.
Some plots contain plant materials.
Some plots deal with intelligence.
Some plots deal with secret intelligence.
Some plots have causes.
Some plots have characteristic shapes.
Some plots have density.
Some plots have seeds.
Some plots have shapes.
Some plots have stem density.
Some plots illustrate salinity.
Some plots improve quality.
Some plots indicate responses.
Some plots indicate values.
Some plots show curves.
Some plots show differences.
Some plots show energy.
Some plots show equilibrium.
Some plots show samples.
Some plots show transitions.
Some plots show waves.
Some plots target people.
Plotted numbers are station values of the standardized anomaly.
Plotted points are for the same equally spaced times steps on each curve.
A plotter is a planner
Plotters are clerks.
Plotters are devices that are more suitable for the output of high quality graphics.
Plotters are instruments.
Plotters are large format inkjet printers, or printers that use special pens.
Plotters are output devices for making copies of geographical data on paper or film.
Plotters are usually available in computer centers in universities.
Plotters create hardcopy graphic output such as maps and thematic configuration diagrams.
Plotters decide for their characters.
Plotters have smaller page sizes.
Plotters print things using special , colored pens .
Plotters print things using special, colored pens.
Plotters use vector graphics .
Plotters use vector graphics.
Many plotters lose dynamic range at close trace spacing, and random noise can tend to restore it.
Some plotters work like a drum but with no drum.
Most plotting commands uses the current pen.
Some plough pans have structures.
A plough is a tool
Plough isa tool.
Plough refers to the farming.
Plough reserves the right to edit and publish responses anonymously.
Ploughs have (part) sections.
Plough often trades subscribers' names with like-minded organizations.
A ploughman is a hand
Ploughman's in the bar.
A ploughshare is a wedge
Ploughshares has a Canada-wide network of local groups.
Ploughshares is a part of the international nuclear disarmament movement.
Ploughshares is online with samples of the work appearing in the print journal.
A plover is a wader
Plover isa shorebird.
Plovers are a native species and are protected by the Nature Conservation Act.
Plovers are able to breed in their first year.
Plovers are birds.
Plovers are found across Australia.
Plovers are found in most parts of the world.
Plovers are found throughout the world , and have short bills .
Plovers are found throughout the world, and have short bills.
Plovers are shorebirds.
Plovers are small to medium size with stout bodies and a short neck and tail.
Plovers are swift when flying and forage on the ground or in shallow water for food.
Plovers are usually black or brown above and white below, and have short bills.
Plovers are very site tenacious and return year after year to the same nesting territory.
Plovers can be difficult to see because of their cryptic coloration and behavior.
Plovers consume diets.
Plovers do form flocks in Hawaii, usually at night, when they sleep.
Plovers eat insects found around the mudflats and in the marsh.
Plovers eat large numbers of alien invertebrates, plentiful on the main islands.
Plovers feed on insects.
Plovers gather together in groups prior to their southward migration.
Plovers have (part) air sacs.
Plovers have (part) bird's feet.
Plovers have (part) brains.
Plovers have (part) breasts.
Plovers have (part) cell membranes.
Plovers have (part) cells.
Plovers have (part) chest cavities.
Plovers have (part) chests.
Plovers have (part) corpi.
Plovers have (part) cytoplasm.
Plovers have (part) ears.
Plovers have (part) faces.
Plovers have (part) flight feathers.
Plovers have (part) heads.
Plovers have (part) lips.
Plovers have (part) mouths.
Plovers have (part) nuclei.
Plovers have (part) plasma membranes.
Plovers have (part) quill feathers.
Plovers have (part) rib cages.
Plovers have (part) second joints.
Plovers have (part) sections.
Plovers have (part) skulls.
Plovers have (part) sterna.
Plovers have (part) talons.
Plovers have (part) vacuoles.
Plovers have (part) wishbones.
Plovers have a defined beachfront territory.
Plovers have calls.
Plovers have faces.
Plovers have large eyes and locate their food visually by picking it from the surface of wet soil.
Plovers have yellowish faces.
Plovers live in areas.
Plovers move while feeding.
Plovers nest on sandy beaches which also attract people.
Plovers nest on wide, open beaches with a mix of cobble and sand.
Plovers nest right on the beach, and their chicks run around like crazy after hatching.
Plovers stalk their prey, stopping occidentalis, is the most abundant species on the open coast.
Plovers often gather in groups on undisturbed beaches prior to their southward migration.
Plovers often return to the same breeding sites year after year.
Plovers usually select a breeding range that they share with bison and black tailed prairie dogs.
Many plovers have black breast bands.
Most plovers consume diets.
Most plovers feed on insects.
Most plovers have calls.
Most plovers have faces.
Most plovers have yellowish faces.
Most plovers live in areas.
Some plovers consume invertebrate worms.
Some plovers consume marine worms.
Some plovers consume worms.
Some plovers have beaks.
Some plovers have birds.
Some plovers have coloration.
Some plovers have feathers.
Some plovers have protective coloration.
Some plovers have similar coloration.
Some plovers possess bodies.
Some plovers reach maturity.
Some plovers reach sexual maturity.
Some plovers use dry salt ponds and river gravel bars.
Some plovers use methods.
A plow is a tool
Plow clears tracks of snow.
Plows are busy preparing the ground for fall wheat and rye.
Plows are capable of farm lands.
Plows are strong.
Plows are tools.
Plows can cost up to several thousand dollars.
Plows going to the outlying routes have to get there somehow.
Plows have only CIII capabilities for hitching.
Plows have spring releases that disconnect the plow when it hits a rock.
Plows operate on weekends only to keep driving lanes open.
Plows push the snow into the center of the street.
Plows push the snow to the center lane where space is available.
Plows slice through, leaving a wintry, geological stratum.
Plows then disperse to the less traveled residential streets.
Plows usually work in the direction traffic moves.
All plows are hard surfaced along the leading edge with a tungsten carbide layer.
Plowed duct is straighter than trenched duct.
Plowed land is a much greater source of blowing dust than uncultivated grassland.
Plowing are labor.
A plowman is a hand
Ploughmen now sit in comfort and no longer walk behind the trailing plough.
Plowman are both in alliterative verse.
Plowman calls the agency itself vindictive.
Plowman regards all three groups as essential.
Plowman retires from the full-time ministry.
Plowman talk to a student.
Plowman tells it differently, of course.
A plowshare is a wedge
Plowshares also handcrafts matching accessories for moms and daughters.
Plowshares are wedges.
Plowshares give way to cannon.
Plowshares is jumpers for mother, daughter, and doll.
Plowshares strives to maintain the majority of our offerings in-stock and ready to ship.
A ploy is a move
Ploy isa statement.
Some ploys have effects.
Some ploys win, and others lose.
PLTI selection is parent-based.
Pluck eyebrows so that they thin towards end and arch nicely.
Pluck is courage
Pluck is pull.
Pluck leaves from mint and basil.
Pluck leaves from the plants and inspect the underside of the leaf for the presence of the nymphs.
Pluck leaves out one at a time.
Plucked leaf is spread on tables or trays and left to wither in the natural warm air.
Plucked strings are another matter.
Plucked strings play descending scales.
Plucky people are vigorous and focused and dauntless.
Plug adapters are available at stores selling electrical goods and at most international airports.
Plug adapters are for sale in electric shops.
Plug adapters void the safety provided by the third grounding wire.
Plug ins automate a lot of special effects, like drop shadows, glowing type and such.
Many plug ins are universal.
Plug valves have a plug inside.
Plug valves provide a positive shut -off and are suitable for throttling applications.
A plug is stoppage
Plug contains an inline fuse.
Plug cut Herring remains the bait of choice, with some fish being taken on prawns and spinners.
Plug has a slotted head or square head with wrench flats.
Plug is checked for depth of root system.
Plug is here.
Plug is just pressed tobacco that is cut into small bricks.
Plug isa device.
Plug isa structure.
Plug stays on solidly to help prevent accidental disconnects.
Plugs are advertisements.
Plugs are also available that require a screwdriver to plug or unplug.
Plugs are available for many different development languages and platforms.
Plugs are available individually or as a kit.
Plugs are available with wing nuts for added leverage.
Plugs are clean.
Plugs are color-coded to identify proper mainline wires.
Plugs are continental two-pin round.
Plugs are different, bring standard European plugs.
Plugs are distinctive, with three thick, flat prongs.
Plugs are easy to use and convenient to store.
Plugs are either round or square with two or three-pin types.
Plugs are electrical devices.
Plugs are flat with three pins.
Plugs are flat with two pins.
Plugs are found at mounds or along the course of the burrow system.
Plugs are from Mars, outlets are from Venus.
Plugs are good compromise between pellets and fresh hop flowers.
Plugs are helpful when early landscape aesthetics or soil stabilization are important.
Plugs are in all shapes and sizes.
Plugs are male.
Plugs are manufactured in many different materials, designs, and variations.
Plugs are mode of soft foam.
Plugs are more expensive, but they establish a lawn quicker.
Plugs are more of an ongoing process but carry less risk and time off work.
Plugs are of the European variety with two round prongs, but there are two sizes in use.
Plugs are of the Malaysian and Singaporean variety, the three square-pins.
Plugs are of the round two-pin type.
Plugs are of the two-pin continental type.
Plugs are present, but few carry a pregnancy to term.
Plugs are reusable and are easy to keep clean with soap and water or alcohol.
Plugs are round.
Plugs are space approximately every six feet.
Plugs are square three-pin, fused or unfused.
Plugs are square with three pins.
Plugs are the American type with two flat pins.
Plugs are the choice of professional musicians and music enthusiasts.
Plugs are the flat, two-pin style.
Plugs are the Japanese two-pin variety.
Plugs are the three-prong flat British type, or two round prongs.
Plugs are the two-pin continental size.
Plugs are tough to find.
Plugs are two round pin.
Plugs are two-pin continental sizes.
Plugs are two-pin continental type .
Plugs are usually available form local garden centers.
Plugs are usually ready for transplanting in four to six weeks.
Plugs are usually two-prong.
Plugs are washable, replaceable, hygienic and dielectric.
Plugs are well-rooted cranberry vines that have been started and raised in a greenhouse.
Plugs can come loose so make sure everything is connected.
Plugs can exit from either the bottom or back with a simple twist.
Plugs come in Resistor and non-resistor types.
Plugs come with built in magnet.
Plugs connect power, antenna, key and mike.
Plugs correspond to general European standards.
Plugs differ from most countries.
Plugs fill opening when sleeve is removed from machine case.
Plugs get disconnected, power outages occur, and equipment can fail.
Plugs have (part) bases.
Plugs have (part) sections.
Plugs have metal casings with proper strain relief.
Plugs have two round prongs.
Plugs have two rounded prongs.
Plugs mate with receptacles, jacks, outlets, etc.
Plugs offer a choice of finger diameters, finishes and handles in a variety of colors and materials.
Plugs push easily into outlets, very difficult for little fingers to remove.
Plugs remain for several hours and then fall out and are usually seen on the bottom of the cage.
Plugs tend to be two flat prongs.
Plugs typically form in piping exposed to large temperature differentials.
Plugs up is a great newsgroup that has an ongoing forum that everyone participates in.
Plugs work best when they are wiggling rhythmically.
All plugs are gold plated in plastic molded ends with strain relief.
All plugs are the same.
All plugs come complete with a copper washer and long polarized stem.
All plugs fuse before the next round of mitosis begins.
All plugs provide a leak-proof seal.
Most plugs are available on individual display cards or in bulk pack.
Most plugs are of the large three-pinned variety, with square pins.
Most plugs are three pin square.
Most plugs float at rest and dive beneath the surface when retrieved.
Most plugs have two round pins.
Some plugs have round pins, some flat and some a mixture.
Pluggable architecture allows database adapters to be dynamically registered to serve object types.
Pluggable blocks ease repetitive wiring duties by providing a quick disconnect from the PC board.
Pluggable blocks feature a two-piece, plug and header design.
Pluggable Samplers allow unlimited testing capabilities.
Pluggable widgets are just the beginning.
Plugged lines are most frequent before or at the traps.
Plugged pores can develop into acne blemishes.
A plugger is a publicist
Pluggers are the hard-working people the world depends on.
Pluggers provide information to go with the records they are promoting.
Plum Creek is a classic example of shot placement and risk-reward shots.
Plum Creek is a poor land steward.
Plum Creek is a tributary of the Salt River which is only runnable after heavy rains.
Plum Creek is a willing seller.
Plum Creek is the great grandchild of Northern Pacific Railroad.
Plum Creek offers full memberships, outing packages and public play .
Plum Island has a rich history .
Plum Island has an excellent record for biosafety.
Plum Island has the added isolation provided by the island location.
Plum Island is itself a major player on the international livestock disease research scene.
Plum Island is located off the eastern point of Long Island, New York.
Plum Island is separated from the mainland by a large expanse of salt marsh.
Plum Island needs power to maintain biocontainment.
Plum Island wants the public trust.
Plum pudding is an English dish dating back to the Middle Ages.
Plum pudding is pudding
Plum pudding is understuffed with weighted velveteen paws and soles.
A plum sauce is a sauce
Plum sauce is available at Asian and gourmet grocery stores.
A plum tomato is a tomato
Plum tomatoes are the best.
A plum tree is a fruit tree
Plum trees are abundant, just to serve that purpose.
Plum trees bloom first, followed later by the cherry blossoms.
Some plum trees drop plums.
Plum Village is a monastery for monks and nuns and a Buddhist practice centre for lay people.
Plum village sits on eighty acres of land in the wine country east of Bordeaux, France.
Plum wine is available in most liquor stores.
A plum is a position
PLUM aims to provide the most debating opportunity to the most students.
Plum asks if anyone got response from volunteers.
Plum cages in-place in the orchard.
PLUM contextualizes news from geographically defined communities.
Plum decides to sleep at the cabin that night.
Plum fuses feminine elegance with sharp modernity.
Plum is a darker purple.
Plum is a prefecture flower and the emblem stands for harmony and progress of people.
Plum is across from baseball field.
Plum isa fruit.
Plum isa matter.
Plum leaves with light green and yellow blotching.
PLuM reserves the right to refuse publication of any material.
Plum shows some cleavage in several outfits in several scenes.
PLUM takes advantage of the structure and wording of stereotypical disaster articles.
Plum tries to use the retablo as a language with which to link different cultures.
Plums appear variable as the small and larger plums start to separate out.
Plums are a crop in decline in Michigan.
Plums are abundant in late summer, and they work brilliantly in galettes.
Plums are an excellent source of vitamin A, calcium, magnesium, iron, potassium and fiber.
Plums are drupes.
Plums are edible fruit.
Plums are especially colorful and can make an attractive salad.
Plums are free of sodium and cholesterol.
Plums are fruit trees.
Plums are fruit.
Plums are located in stores.
Plums are much like a berry in terms of sweetness.
Plums are now the second most cultivated fruit in the world, second only to apples.
Plums are part of plums.
Plums are plentiful, too.
Plums are positions.
Plums are quite tasty.
Plums are ready when the skins burst.
Plums are relatives of the peach, nectarine and almond and prunes are dried plums.
Plums are stone fruit.
Plums are tricky, and often fall from the tree just before they are ripe.
Plums become prunes.
Plums come in a variety of colors including purple, black, green, orange and yellow.
Plums come in a wide variety of colors and sizes.
Plums fall from trees.
Plums generally bloom and fruit in three to five years.
Plums grow on ancient trees.
Plums grow on trees.
Plums have (part) peels.
Plums have (part) sections.
Plums have similar storage characteristics and problems as peaches, cherries, and apricots.
Plums make exceptional crumbles, cobblers, puddings, pies, tarts and cake.
Plums prefer a sheltered site out of the wind to insure that flowers are pollinated successfully.
Plums refer also to local sort of plums.
Plums revolves around the lives of a group of people in small-town Georgia.
Plums sprout freely from the roots and can spread into unwanted areas.
Plums stimulate the movement.
Plums tend to ooze sap more than some other species.
Plums there are of three sorts.
Many plums are symptomless carriers.
Most plums fall from trees.
Most plums grow on ancient trees.
Most plums grow on trees.
Some plums sucker readily and are thus useful in hedgerows.
A plumage is a cover
A plumage is a material
Plumage can be white, gray, or black.
Plumage is black and white for the male, brown and white for the female.
Plumage is black and white on the male, brown and white on the female.
Plumage is bright.
Plumage is dark above, white below.
Plumage is olive-brown.
Plumage is white and black or brown, with no feathers on the throat and lower jaw.
Plumage is white or light brown below, with gray-brown darkly streaked upperparts.
Plumage isa covering.
Plumage isa material.
Plumage isa stuff.
Plumage provides good insulation but broilers sometimes have poor feathering.
Plumage ranges from light auburn to deep brown.
Plumage ranges from mottled reds, grays to browns in color.
Plumage varies distinctly between adults and juveniles.
Plumage varies from all black to red, orange and iridescent green, to muted shades of brown.
Plumages are bright mainly in irredescent or pigmented greens and blues.
Plumages are named juvenal, basic, alternate and supplemental.
Plumages contain pigment.
Plumages have (part) barbs.
Plumages have (part) corpi.
Plumages have (part) sections.
Plumages include feathers.
Plumages include grey feathers.
Plumages look like juvenile plumages.
Plumages look like plumages.
Plumages show differences.
All plumages are mostly yellow, with dark tails and two wing-bars on each wing.
All plumages have black and white tail, broad white wing stripe, and black wing linings.
All plumages have light rump patch.
Most plumages contain pigment.
Most plumages look like juvenile plumages.
Most plumages look like plumages.
Most plumages show differences.
Some plumages change color.
Some plumages cover heads.
Some plumages cover long tails.
Some plumages cover tails.
Some plumages have aspects.
Some plumages have bronze.
Some plumages have degrees.
Some plumages have white tails.
A plumb bob is a bob
Plumb bob demonstrates how center of torso shifts toward left limb in crooked horse.
Plumb bobs are what carpenters and masons use to find straight vertial lines.
Plumb also performs well in the backstroke events.
Plumb has yet to finish a race, the victim of car contact in the opening two races.
Plumb is an inspirational speaker who is a former prisoner of war.
Plumb is no exception to the general state of the music biz.
Plumb is white.
Plumb says that the concierge service is aimed at helping people to focus on their work.
Plumbs are purple when fully ripe.
A plumbago is a herb
Plumbago produces large complex trichomes which trap nectar robbers .
Plumbagos require well-drained soil with a little organic matter in it.
A plumber is an artisan
Plumber isa worker.
Plumber works too.
Plumbers also instal natural gas and air lines.
Plumbers also install the medical gas systems in health care facilities.
Plumbers also store, handle and connect bottled gas and fill and drain all water tanks.
Plumbers are capable of rush jobs.
Plumbers are craftsmans.
Plumbers are in more demand today than ever before throughout our community.
Plumbers are often on call for emergencies, so evening and weekend work is common.
Plumbers are the people who install and repair the system of pipes that supply and carry off water.
Plumbers are tradesmans.
Plumbers assemble, install and repair piping systems which carry gas, steam, oil, and water.
Plumbers can lose work time because of downturns in construction activity.
Plumbers can make more as pure installers.
Plumbers check pipes.
Plumbers check sewer pipes.
Plumbers compete in geographic markets.
Plumbers compete in markets.
Plumbers compete in narrow geographic markets.
Plumbers do it under the sink.
Plumbers do it with snakes and helpers.
Plumbers have (part) arms.
Plumbers have (part) body substances.
Plumbers have (part) cell membranes.
Plumbers have (part) cells.
Plumbers have (part) corpi.
Plumbers have (part) cytoplasm.
Plumbers have (part) heads.
Plumbers have (part) human bodies.
Plumbers have (part) legs.
Plumbers have (part) material bodies.
Plumbers have (part) necks.
Plumbers have (part) nuclei.
Plumbers have (part) personality.
Plumbers have (part) plasma membranes.
Plumbers have (part) sections.
Plumbers have (part) vacuoles.
Plumbers have special safety procedures and tools to minimize the risk of explosion or fire.
Plumbers inspect pipes for damage.
Plumbers install and repair water, drainage, and gas pipes in homes, businesses, and factories.
Plumbers install, repair and maintain plumbing, heating and steam operated equipment and systems.
Plumbers know how to install and test it, year-round, through a wide range of temperatures.
Plumbers learn jobs.
Plumbers learn on jobs.
Plumbers make a lot of money.
Plumbers make all final connections to the compressed air, water and drainage systems.
Plumbers make much more than child-care workers.
Plumbers mediate between the pure and the abject.
Plumbers offer commercial plumb services.
Plumbers offer commercial services.
Plumbers offer plumb services.
Plumbers offer services.
Plumbers perform all air, gas, water, steam, and plumbing installations, maintenance and repairs.
Plumbers perform roles.
Plumbers provide maintenance.
Plumbers putty is an example, but it also shows the characteristics of silly putty.
Plumbers spend their time trying to unclog the system.
Plumbers stand for prolonged periods.
Plumbers supply their own work clothing and small hand tools.
Plumbers use a variety of specialized tools.
Plumbers use copper pipe on an everyday basis to connect water main lines to household pipes.
Plumbers use more expensive, heavier gauge pipe where pressure is highest.
Plumbers use two-part epoxy.
Plumbers work with the water and gas in buildings and other places.
Plumbers worry about how to get the solder smoothly all the way around a pipe joint.
Plumbers frequently use a torch to thaw frozen pipes.
Plumbers often have gas detectors that can help locate gas sources.
Plumbers often install plumbing in buildings as they are being constructed.
Plumbers often use bars of solder, much thicker than the wire used for electrical applications.
Plumbers often work in cramped areas and in awkward positions.
Any plumber can install it wherever the existing unit is located.
Many plumbers are construction workers .
Many plumbers are construction workers.
Most plumbers check pipes.
Most plumbers check sewer pipes.
Most plumbers compete in geographic markets.
Most plumbers compete in markets.
Most plumbers compete in narrow geographic markets.
Most plumbers learn jobs.
Most plumbers learn on jobs.
Most plumbers offer commercial plumb services.
Most plumbers offer commercial services.
Most plumbers offer plumb services.
Most plumbers offer services.
Most plumbers perform roles.
Most plumbers provide maintenance.
Most plumbers work for plumbing contractors.
Some plumbers also call a lavatory sink a vanity.
Some plumbers are licensed by the state, others by the counties they work in.
Some plumbers have bigger wrenches, some roofers bigger hammers.
Some plumbers like to put on two wax rings for extra precautions against a leak.
Some plumbers own business.
Some plumbers own own business.
Some plumbers require knowledge.
Some plumbers travel to a variety of worksites every day.
Plumbing codes call for a gap between potable water and a drain.
A plumbing fixture is a fixture
Plumbing fixtures are designed for the people who use the water.
Plumbing fixtures are seen by and designed for the end-users.
Plumbing fixtures meet low-flow and water saver requirements.
Many plumbing fixtures are sealed to their mounting surfaces with plumber's putty .
A plumbing is an utility
Plumbing also removes waste from the household in the form of drainage.
Plumbing are capable of gets.
Plumbing are crafts.
Plumbing are located in bathrooms.
Plumbing are located in buildings.
Plumbing are located in houses.
Plumbing are located in kitchens.
Plumbing are located in oil refineries.
Plumbing are located in shows.
Plumbing are located in synagogues.
Plumbing are located in walls.
Plumbing are located in water fountains.
Plumbing are occupations.
Plumbing are part of construction.
Plumbing are pipeworks.
Plumbing are professions.
Plumbing are systems.
Plumbing are trade.
Plumbing are utilities.
Plumbing Can Be Difficult.
Plumbing can freeze when power is lost during cold weather periods.
Plumbing can provide structural stability.
Plumbing connects the unit to the hot-water heating system of the home.
Plumbing is a part of a hospital utility system and problems can and do occur.
Plumbing is another matter.
Plumbing is any system that conveys fluids for a wide range of applications.
Plumbing is available to allow venting of gases overboard in flight.
Plumbing is brass and stainless.
Plumbing is covered.
Plumbing is going in, Dry wall is up and being finished.
Plumbing is in place for two sinks.
Plumbing is notoriously faulty, lifts slow and restaurants poor quality if attached.
Plumbing is observed for pressure and operation.
Plumbing is one of Queensland's major arts.
Plumbing is put in.
Plumbing is roughed in.
Plumbing is simplified with flexible stainless steel connector hoses, supplied.
Plumbing is the biggest cost.
Plumbing is the system that supplies, distributes, uses, and removes water from a building.
Plumbing is Two-three years new.
Plumbing is where the smart money goes.
Plumbing lasts longer, too, without the lime scale buildup caused by hard water.
Plumbing Make any necessary repairs to toliets that leak or flush improperly.
Plumbing ranges from food grade flex hose to soft copper with solid brass fittings.
Plumbing Turn off and drain sprinkler systems.
All plumbing is routed through interior walls or directly up from the basement through the floor.
All plumbing is vinyl tubing with plastic fittings and hose clamps.
Any plumbing located in a garage or any other unheated building is susceptable to low temperatures.
Some plumbing remains from former restaurant.
Plume cockscombs have feathery, flower heads that grow upright and look like ostrich plumes.
Plume moths have slender bodies and legs.
Plume seeds are dispersed by wind.
A plume is a form
Plume is sometimes also another term for hotspot.
Plume isa covering.
Plume isa material.
Plume isa stuff.
Plume remains optimistic about certain home tests, with a caveat.
Plume rise in the urban stable boundary layer is calculated from eq.
Plumes are a type of ostrich quills that are available in natural white shade.
Plumes are adornment.
Plumes are bright rays in coronal holes, visible between one and several solar radii.
Plumes are clouds.
Plumes are most prevalent on clear days in winter.
Plumes are of little ornamental value.
Plumes are shapes.
Plumes are solid objects.
Plumes are structures that are seen inside the open magnetic field regions of coronal holes.
Plumes are useful in dried arrangements.
Plumes can dive because of aquifer recharge.
Plumes can rise in groundwater discharge areas.
Plumes come in a range of sizes, the biggest being megaplumes or superplumes.
Plumes come in all different sizes and can occur anywhere.
Plumes have (part) barbs.
Plumes have (part) corpi.
Plumes have (part) sections.
Plumes result from local sources.
Plumes spread out sideways as well as rose.
Plumes often transport significant amounts of moisture from the tropics into middle latitudes.
Some plumes are produced by fire.
Some plumes extend flanks.
Some plumes have no color and appear to shimmer.
Some plumes have tendencies.
Plump apples are big.
Plump birds have heads.
Most plump birds have heads.
Some plump birds perch on windowpanes.
Plump cheeks begin to sag, as well as other parts of our body.
Plump people look younger.
Plump Pugs are as undesirable as thin ones.
Plump pumpkins sprout in florist's shops.
Plump sparrows celebrate and gorge like swine.
Plunder is a non-bailable capital offense.
Plunder is a non-bailable offense which is theoretically punishable by death.
Plunder is a possession
Plunder is an offence punishable by death.
Plunder is classified as a heinous crime punishable with death.
Plunder is clearly a crime committed by public officials in relation to their office.
Plunder is films.
Plunder is punishable by death.
Plunder is the canal.
Plunder is the pool.
Plunder is the taking of property by force.
Plunder perpetrated by government is still plunder.
Some plunder is obvious.
A plunderer is a thief
Plunderer ravage the villages badly.
Plundering is aggression.
Plunge pools are erosional features which occur in the youthful stage of a river.
Plunge pools can remain after the waterfall has ceased to exist or the stream has been diverted.
Plunge styles have a movable table that the bit protrudes through at varying depths.
A plunge is a swimming
Plunge dipping in diazinon can directly kill the fly on contact.
Plunge shrimp into ice water to cool.
Plunges are drops.
Plunges are trademarks of our Order.
Plunges needle into vein.
Plunger lift is an Artificial lift system that increases the productivity of oil and gas wells.
Plunger lift works by cycling a well open and closed.
A plunger is a gambler
A plunger is an adventurer
Plunger also locks in retracted position when handle is moved backward.
Plunger Can Pump adjustable volume of liquid into upper can to moisten cleaning rags.
Plunger drops through liquid buildup.
Plunger is a mix of new and old school hardcore with a touch of metal and dissonance.
Plunger is pushed into the tread area of tire.
Plunger is used to create suction and draw tissue into the inner lumen of the device.
Plunger isa individual.
Plunger isa person.
Plunger isa somebody.
Plunger isa someone.
Plunger stop assembly kits are available for retrofit of all H style cartridge holders.
Plunger travels up tubing acting as a seal between gas and liquid slug.
Plungers are both inexpensive and easy to use and they are very effective for clearing drain clogs .
Plungers are deadly and have poop germs.
Plungers are hand tools.
Plungers are industrial equipment.
Plungers create vacuums.
Plungers have (part) arms.
Plungers have (part) body substances.
Plungers have (part) cell membranes.
Plungers have (part) cells.
Plungers have (part) corpi.
Plungers have (part) cytoplasm.
Plungers have (part) heads.
Plungers have (part) human bodies.
Plungers have (part) legs.
Plungers have (part) material bodies.
Plungers have (part) necks.
Plungers have (part) nuclei.
Plungers have (part) personality.
Plungers have (part) plasma membranes.
Plungers have (part) sections.
Plungers have (part) vacuoles.
Plungers prove to be long term solutions.
Plungers receive official sweatshirt, prizes, food, beverages, and live entertainment.
Plungers remove liquids.
Plungers work best on a wet surface.
Plungers work on toilets.
Most plungers create vacuums.
Most plungers remove liquids.
Most plungers work on toilets.
Some plungers get homes.
A plunk is a hit
Plunk goes the lure.
Plural antecedents require plural pronouns.
Plural entities are inside, the same, common to all, and interacting.
A plural form is a form
Plural forms are also acceptable.
Plural forms can be even more complicated in other languages.
Plural leadership is excellent training for anyone elected into the ministerial.
Plural marriage is currently a third-degree felony as defined by the Utah state criminal code.
Plural marriage is the only way to a celestial exaltation.
Plural nouns are harder to explain.
Plural nouns are more than one thing.
Plural nouns give names to two or more persons, places, animals, or things.
Plural nouns name more than one.
Plural ownership requires signature of all joint owners.
Plural subjects require plural verbs.
Plural subjects take plural verbs.
Plural verbs require plural subjects.
A plural is a form
Plurals are easy.
Plurals are the exception to the above rule.
Plurals can limit results if our key words are singular.
Plurals never use apostrophes.
Plurals simply add the case endings to the plural marker -ebi.
Most plurals end with a vowel, preferably in 'a'.
A pluralism is practice
Pluralism builds a people that are conscious of differences and division.
Pluralism can be a virtue.
Pluralism can tolerate anything but intolerance.
Pluralism claims that the exclusivity of some religions is wrong.
Pluralism Comes in two forms.
Pluralism continues to flourish.
Pluralism creates a constant propaganda war in which divergent views vie for people's allegiance.
Pluralism Define religious pluralism.
Pluralism denies that there is one absolute principle or truth behind the universe.
Pluralism devalues Christian truth by regarding it as one truth among many.
Pluralism does have limits.
Pluralism fixes monism's difficulties.
Pluralism goes hand in hand with relativism, the idea that all things are relative.
Pluralism goes hand in hand with relativism.
Pluralism has a long and honorable history in American political thought.
Pluralism has to be accepted and celebrated rather than being merely tolerated.
Pluralism helps bind people from different ethnic backgrounds, especially in schools.
Pluralism implies a large number of legislators.
Pluralism is a basic tenet of our American way of life.
Pluralism is a different concept altogether.
Pluralism is a fact of life in religion as well as politics now.
Pluralism is a fact of life.
Pluralism is a guarantee of cultural wealth, and diversity is needed for development.
Pluralism is a key principle as well.
Pluralism is a much abused term.
Pluralism is a pillar of American society.
Pluralism is a reality that emerges from the very nature of India.
Pluralism is a reality, a necessity for human development in democratic societies.
Pluralism is a strength but also a weakness.
Pluralism is about embracing the behaviors which express various cultures.
Pluralism is also a bit far from their minds, too.
Pluralism is an admission of one's own limitations.
Pluralism is an aspect of democracy and Israel is a Jewish state which is also democratic.
Pluralism is at the core of what inspires our vision.
Pluralism is but a wide range of opinion and the freedom of the individual to express it.
Pluralism is defined as each person having an equal voice in a democratic process.
Pluralism is enlightened, positive, democratic.
Pluralism is evident in the cooperation of the students and teacher.
Pluralism is fine if it results in a wide range of programmes and thereby wide viewer choice.
Pluralism is inherent, at the very least, in the human condition.
Pluralism is melioristic.
Pluralism is modern culture's belief that there are many different right ways to live and believe.
Pluralism is now out of the question in Uzbekistan.
Pluralism is one of the many possible evaluations of that fact.
Pluralism is seen as an outcome of the postmodern exaltation of difference.
Pluralism is the belief that truth is imparted to a system just because it is a belief that is held.
Pluralism is the genius of American democracy.
Pluralism is the inescapable focal point of any course in American religion.
Pluralism is the quality or condition of existing in more than one part or form.
Pluralism is the second component of conservative political morality.
Pluralism is the supreme over-arching god in the pantheon of modern politically correct gods.
Pluralism is the third main account of welfare.
Pluralism is the watchword.
Pluralism is to philosophy what moral relativism is to ethics.
Pluralism is valuable.
Pluralism is very tolerant.
Pluralism is vital to keeping our community s intellectual life healthy.
Pluralism lets things really exist in the each-form or distributively.
Pluralism means freedom.
Pluralism means participation of all parties and the civil society.
Pluralism pervades the curriculum and pedagogy.
Pluralism prides itself on religious tolerance.
Pluralism refers to government by more than one.
Pluralism refers to the thousands of interest groups that participate in politics.
Pluralism reflects a stakeholder model of power sharing and distribution of influence.
Pluralism represents a deterioration of an earlier unity, a falling away from the ideal beginnings.
Pluralism seems more likely than determinism around a single pattern, such as global capitalism.
Pluralism speaks of cohabitation rather than adoption.
Pluralism therefore implies disagreement and dissension within a community.
Pluralism turns a missionary into an explorer.
Pluralisms are doctrines.
Pluralisms are practice.
Pluralisms are social organizations.
Pluralism always trumps truth.
Pluralist democracies require responsible parties and a stable and competitive party system.
Pluralist democracies thrive instead on nuance and complexity.
A pluralist is a liberal
Pluralists also stress the differences between potential and actual power.
Pluralists are clerics.
Pluralists are convinced that public policy emerges from competition among groups.
Pluralists are liberals.
Pluralists are philosophers.
Pluralists argue that ownership and control have been separated in large corporations.
Pluralists believe that power is tied to the issues.
Pluralists go one step further.
Pluralistic elections are an important element of a formal democratization process.
Pluralistic interpretations are all right.
Pluralistic setting produces more rapid secularization.
Plurality voting can result in the election of a candidate whom almost two-thirds of voters detest.
Plurality voting raises concerns when there are many candidates running in an election.
A plurality is an amount
Pluralities are states.
Plurality is a characteristic of the globe.
Plurality is indicated by number or by reduplication of a sign.
Plurality is Newton's gravity - common, internal, and interacting.
Plurality is only external.
Plurality means more than any one else.
Plurality means more than half of an amount.
Plurality needs tones to measure by.
A pluralization is inflection
Pluralization blurs the line between good and evil, truth and falsehood.
Pluralization can lead to democratization and democracy.
Pluralization is automatic.
Pluricarpous mosses are erect forms with terminal sporophytes.
Pluridisciplinary approaches are welcome.
Plurilocular gametangia are produced on the gametophytes.
PLUS loans are available for parents of all dependent students.
PLUS loans are available for parents or step-parents of all dependent undergraduate students.
PLUS loans are available for the parents of students who are enrolled at least half-time.
PLUS loans are available to parents of dependent students.
PLUS loans are available to parents of dependent undergraduates only.
PLUS loans are credit contingent.
PLUS loans are federal educational loans for parents of dependent undergraduate students.
PLUS loans are for parent borrowers and provide additional funds for educational expenses.
PLUS loans are for parent borrowers.
PLUS loans are for parents who want to borrow to help pay for their children's education.
PLUS loans are limited to parents with a favorable credit history.
PLUS loans are limited to the cost of attendance less any financial aid received by the student.
PLUS loans are long-term loans with a variable interest rate.
PLUS loans are low-cost loans for parents to help with their child's educational expenses.
PLUS loans are low-interest direct loans for parents of dependent students.
PLUS loans are only available to parents, step-parents, and legal guardians of dependent students.
PLUS loans are only for parents of a dependent undergraduate students.
PLUS loans are subject to a credit check.
PLUS loans are subject to a credit evaluation and therefore can be denied.
PLUS loans are subject to a four percent origination fee and guarantee fee.
PLUS loans can help ease the cash-flow difficulties by providing parents a manageable alternative.
PLUS loans have variable interest rates, which are adjusted each year.
PLUS loans have variable interest rates.
All PLUS loans are subject to credit approval by the federal government.
All PLUS loans require credit checks.
PLUS teacher is assigned one day or day per week to each elementary school.
A plus is quality
Pluses are an excellent search engine and some unusual recipes.
Pluses are companies.
Pluses are quality food and their value-priced lunch menu but remember, reservations are advised.
Pluses Can use existing network hardware.
Pluses indicate the standard deviations of results at each amplitude.
Pluses represent upticks and minuses represent downticks.
Plush accommodations have fantastic views of Lake Erie and the downtown skyline.
Plush backpack has one compartment with zipper and adjustable web straps.
Plush carpet is luxurious.
Plush carpets have the fiber cut straight like a lawn.
Plush coats are slightly longer, and, as the name implies, are plusher in look and feel.
Plush decorator pillows enhance any room.
Plush furnishings compliment the attractive interior d cor.
Plush furnishings fill the spacious main salon.
Plush greenery creates garden atmosphere in atrium lobby, tastefully decorated rooms.
Plush robes are available to all guests, along with morning newspapers and in-room coffee.
Plush towels add pizzazz to any bathroom.
Plush toy comes with pre-weight envelope.
Plush toys make a great playtime companion.
Plushies are cute, furry and quiet.
Plushies are soft and cuddly, and are made to be loved.
Plushies can be almost any size from a few inches to six feet tall, or larger.
Plusiotis family occur in Mexico and Central America.
A plutocracy is a political system
Plutocracy means rule for the rich and by the rich.
Plutocracies usually take the form of a dictator ship without the dictator.
A pluton is an igneous rock
Plutons are mappable plutonic rock bodies and are often given names.
Plutons are masses of solidified magma that are exposed after erosion removes the overlying rocks.
Plutons can include dikes and xenoliths.
Plutonian colors are never shy but they are never underdone.
A plutonic rock is an igneous rock
Plutonic rock cools slowly deep within the earth so the crystals are larger.
Plutonic rocks are formed when magma cools and solidifies underground.
Plutonic rocks are igneous rocks formed at great depth.
Plutonic rocks are rocks that solidified from molten rock beneath the surface of the Earth.
Plutonium radiation is a natural phenomenon.
Plutonium separation begins at reactor in Chelyabinsk.
Plutonium has a metallic taste.
Plutonium has a radioactive life of half a million years.
Plutonium has the same problem.
Plutonium is a by- product of nuclear power production.
Plutonium is a chemically reactive metal .
Plutonium is a dangerous substance that has been used in explosives for a long time.
Plutonium is a dense, silvery, radioactive, metallic element.
Plutonium is a different story, however.
Plutonium is a fissile material.
Plutonium is a heavy metal and as such is toxic.
Plutonium is a highly carcinogenic substance, even in minute amounts.
Plutonium is a highly poisonous element.
Plutonium is a highly radioactive metal with unusual properties.
Plutonium is a highly toxic carcinogen, if inhaled.
Plutonium is a highly toxic radioactive silvery element of the actinoid series of metals.
Plutonium is a key ingredient of nuclear weapons.
Plutonium is a man-made element that is more efficient than uranium as a fission source.
Plutonium is a man-made heavy metal.
Plutonium is a mineral mined to make fuel for nuclear reactors.
Plutonium is a perfect weapon for terrorists.
Plutonium is a physicist's dream but an engineer's nightmare.
Plutonium is a radioactive element that can be produced by bombarding uranium with neutrons.
Plutonium is a radioactive metal made in nuclear reactors and used in atomic bombs.
Plutonium is a radioactive metal that is a byproduct of nuclear reactor operation.
Plutonium is a radioactive metal that is produced in a nuclear reactor.
Plutonium is a reactive metal.
Plutonium is a solid, silvery-gray metal, the atoms of which can split when bombarded with neutrons.
Plutonium is a tremendous source of energy.
Plutonium is a very dangerous radiological hazard.
Plutonium is also a highly desirable target of terrorists seeking to acquire nuclear arms.
Plutonium is also a key material in the development of nuclear power.
Plutonium is also an essential component for nuclear weapons.
Plutonium is also an important element in the production of nuclear weapons.
Plutonium is also the principal fuel for the fast breeder reactor now being developed.
Plutonium is also toxic , although it is less toxic than many people think .
Plutonium is also toxic, although it is less toxic than many people think.
Plutonium is an element
Plutonium is an essential ingredient of nuclear weapons.
Plutonium is carcinogenic 'on contact' and lethal if inhaled.
Plutonium is certainly one of the most thrilling substances ever.
Plutonium is chemical elements.
Plutonium is clearly a carcinogen.
Plutonium is created by manufactureses.
Plutonium is created in the wastes of nuclear reactors.
Plutonium is dangerous only if very small particles become lodged in the lungs.
Plutonium is elements.
Plutonium is found naturally in very small quantities in association with uranium ores.
Plutonium is harder to control than uranium.
Plutonium is harder.
Plutonium is highly toxic.
Plutonium is lethal in extremely small quantities and remains radioactive for thousands of years.
Plutonium is made in all commercial reactors.
Plutonium is more likely to become critical in liquid solution than as a solid.
Plutonium is much more toxic.
Plutonium is nuclear waste.
Plutonium is one of a series of heavy elements known as the actinides.
Plutonium is one of the deadliest radioactive substances on earth.
Plutonium is one of the easiest to keep under control.
Plutonium is one of the most carcinogenic substances ever created by man.
Plutonium is one of the most carcinogenic substances known.
Plutonium is one of the most toxic man-made substances there is.
Plutonium is one of the most toxic materials in the world.
Plutonium is one of the most toxic substances known.
Plutonium is one of the radioactive waste components.
Plutonium is produced as a result of fission in nuclear reactors.
Plutonium is produced in operating nuclear reactors.
Plutonium is radioactive substances.
Plutonium is radioactive.
Plutonium is the deadliest substance known to mankind.
Plutonium is the essential element in building nuclear weapons.
Plutonium is the key ingredient of U.S. nuclear weapons.
Plutonium is the material needed for the creation of a nuclear bomb.
Plutonium is the most economically important of the transuranic elements.
Plutonium is the most poisonous substance known.
Plutonium is the most toxic chemical on earth.
Plutonium is the most toxic man-made substance.
Plutonium is the most toxic material at the former Rocky Flats nuclear weapons plant.
Plutonium is the most toxic substance in existence.
Plutonium is the most toxic substance known.
Plutonium is the product of nuclear reactors.
Plutonium is the second transuranium element of the actinide series.
Plutonium is used almost exclusively for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons.
Plutonium is used in nuclear power plants and nuclear weapons.
Plutonium is used in nuclear weapons and as energy in nuclear reactors.
Plutonium is used in the manufacture of nuclear weapons.
Plutonium is used to fuel nuclear submarines and the nuclear tipped missiles that they carry.
Plutonium is used to make nuclear weapons.
Plutonium is, in fact, a metal very like uranium.
Plutonium provides electrical power on space probes and space vehicles.
Plutonium remains radioactive in the environment for a very long time.
Plutonium remains toxic to life for half a million years.
Plutonium wants to be free.
Most plutonium therefore ends up as the main ingredient in weapons of mass destruction.
Some plutonium also has to be returned to foreign customers because they own it.
Some plutonium is used with uranium in 'mixed oxide' fuel in conventional reactors.
A ply is a strand
All plies are birch, with no inner voids, so edges finish beautifully.
Plyometric exercise is used predominantly by athletes who are looking to improve their performance.
Plyometric exercises can build explosive power for kicks and strikes.
Plyometric exercises involve forceful jumping, bounding, shoving, or throwing.
Some plyometric moves look silly - bunny hopping, skipping, walking on tiptoes.
Plyometric training enhances the tolerance of the muscle for increased stretch loads.
Plyometric training has many forms, but jumping activities are primary.
Plyometric training increases muscle strength and allows for greater power and performance.
Plyometric training involves hip, leg and lower back strength - which are necessary for wrestling.
Plyometric training is an anaerobic training program.
Plyometric training is specific work for the enhancement of explosive power.
Plyometric training is very productive to any triple jumper.
Plyometric training is viewed by many as a link between the two modes of training.
Plyometric training maximizes explosive power and speed in sports.
Plywood accounts for over two-thirds of forest products exports by value.
Plywood can be very difficult to work with.
Plywood can, over time, become damp enough to cause mold and mildew to develop behind the tiles.
Plywood comes from large, high quality, old-growth trees, a very limited and precious resource.
Plywood comes in a wide range of sizes and thicknesses.
Plywood covers one small, low window.
Plywood covers the first-floor windows.
Plywood covers windows on the first two floors of the buildings.
Plywood easily sucks water and humidity and breaks apart when frozen.
Plywood insert fits into the cushion cover to span the wheelchair sling seat.
Plywood is a laminate
Plywood is a pain.
Plywood is a very good material to use.
Plywood is also susceptible to warping.
Plywood is also, pound for pound, stronger than steel.
Plywood is an example of a laminate.
Plywood is another thing one can get cheap from a local yard .
Plywood is approx.
Plywood is by far the major panel being exported.
Plywood is cheap and produces a robust hull that is easily repaired.
Plywood is cut into an amorphous shape that looks something like an amoeba.
Plywood is easily available, convenient, and less expensive.
Plywood is either construction or hardwood.
Plywood is handy because it is cheap, quick and easy to use.
Plywood is history.
Plywood is laminates.
Plywood is lightweight and available in big, workable sheets.
Plywood is made by cutting a thin continous layer of wood off a log as it is spun around.
Plywood is made of thin layers glued together, each at a right angle to the layer beneath.
Plywood is made of very thin layers of wood called plies or veneers glued together.
Plywood is necessary for attachment of copper roofing.
Plywood is one of the more interesting forms of processed wood.
Plywood is one of the most labor intensive of all primary wood products.
Plywood is preferable since it is less likely to split, warp, or crack.
Plywood is stronger than the pressed hardboard material used by many of our competitors.
Plywood is suitable for use in most building linings, walls, ceilings, partitions and floors.
Plywood is the primary material.
Plywood is usually common pine and generally used inside.
Plywood is woodwork.
Plywood needs to be protected from the elements until it is coated.
Plywood needs to be sealed properly to keep it from delaminating.
Plywood remains the only panel product imported in any volume.
Plywood replaces glass in a door that never opens.
Plywood still covers the opening for the stained glass.
Plywood tends to splinter, and particleboard crumbles.
Plywood utilizes hard- woods, while particleboard and hardboard are based on plantation forest wood.
All plywood is sampled and inspected at the dock to ensure it meets our high standards.
PMBA cost includes books, other teaching material, and software.
PMF analysis requires choices about the simultaneous occurrence of independent rare events.
Pmol sensitivity is demonstrated.
Pneumatic action requires no power or batteries.
Pneumatic actuators are also available for both damper and valve applications.
Pneumatic air controlled valves are also common in many advanced computer controlled retort systems.
Pneumatic airguns have a pump lever which operates the air piston.
Pneumatic brakes lock the table in position.
Pneumatic cannons are completely different, and much safer.
Pneumatic casters are air-filled and designed for low speed, manually moved applications.
Pneumatic cavities are also present in the braincase.
Pneumatic control is achieved by a cylinder housed in the shank.
Pneumatic control is available for explosion proof operation as well as additional voltages.
Pneumatic cylinders are the most common type of forcing system.
Pneumatic Cylinders Convert the energy from air into linear motion.
Pneumatic cylinders maintain positive pressure on doors at all times.
Pneumatic device uses air pressure to activate shutter.
Pneumatic devices are compact, lightweight and simple to construct.
All pneumatic devices have a no-lube design for cleanroom applications.
Pneumatic dilation is the most common first-line therapy for the treatment of achalasia.
Pneumatic dispensers dispense one part at a time pneumatically.
Pneumatic dryers draw or entrain the material that is to be dried in a stream of hot air.
Pneumatic elevators lift the car to continue an automatic run from end to end.
Pneumatic fluids are typically compressed air or inert gas.
Pneumatic guns have good power but can be reloaded faster.
Pneumatic hoses are free of damage or deterioration.
Pneumatic hoses make a distinction between hoses with external and internal tolerances.
Pneumatic lift allows for height adjustment.
Pneumatic machines have fewer moving parts resulting in less breakage and downtime.
Pneumatic machines provide unbeatable portability.
Pneumatic motor is a six-point unit with three pneumatics facing up and three facing down.
Pneumatic otoscope is recommended for assessing the middle ear.
Pneumatic perforation occurs when the intraluminal pressure is sufficient to rupture the colon wall.
Pneumatic robots use compressed air and come in a wide variety of sizes.
Pneumatic screen clamps.
Pneumatic sensors allow the mower to stop when it hits an obstacle.
Pneumatic springs are air-filled and operate like a piston.
Pneumatic systems are also typically less expensive to build.
Pneumatic systems are the most common.
Pneumatic systems use compressible fluid, such as air, in their operation.
All pneumatic systems operate by applying a force over an area.
Pneumatic thrusters apply computed force to the finger tips or sense muscle force.
A pneumatic tire is a tire
Pneumatic tires smooth out the ride.
Pneumatic tools can blow cool air onto the hands causing further desensitization.
Pneumatic tools can create large amounts of fine silica dust.
Pneumatic tubes are a gathering probe into dialectic consumption.
Pneumatic tubes used for transporting physical objects have a long history.
Pneumatic valves isolate the chamber from the vacuum pumps in case of accidental leaks.
Pneumatic versions are available.
A pneumatophore is a root
Pneumatophores are almost hollow, allowing air to pass to the living tissue of the root.
Pneumatophores are essentially the erect lateral branches of an otherwise horizontal root system.
Pneumatophores are normally unbranched.
Pneumatophores are roots.
Pneumatophores take in oxygen from the air unless they're clogged or submerged for too long.
Pneumatophores often present.
Pneumoccocal disease is an infection caused by bacteria.
Pneumococcal disease can lead to serious infections of the lungs, blood and covering of the brain.
Pneumococcal disease is a common complication from influenza.
Pneumococcal disease is a constant threat.
Pneumococcal disease is a disease of the very young and the elderly.
Pneumococcal disease is a serious disease that can be fatal.
Pneumococcal disease is a serious disease that causes much sickness and death.
Pneumococcal disease is a serious disease that causes sickness and death.
Pneumococcal disease is an infection caused by a certain type of bacteria.
Pneumococcal disease is an infection caused by bacteria that invades the lungs.
Pneumococcal disease is an infection caused by bacteria.
Pneumococcal disease is an infection of the lungs, blood, or brain.
Pneumococcal disease is an infectious disease that occurs in people with weakened immune systems.
Pneumococcal disease is an infectious respiratory illness of particular concern to older people.
Pneumococcal disease is the leading cause of bacterial meningitis in the United States.
Pneumococcal disease is the leading cause of vaccine-preventable deaths in the United States.
Pneumococcal disease is treated with antibiotics.
Pneumococcal disease kills thousands of older people in the United States each year.
Pneumococcal infection is also an important cause of ear infections in children.
Pneumococcal infection is one of our more under-used vaccines.
Pneumococcal infections are a leading cause of disease in children.
Pneumococcal infections are a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in children.
Pneumococcal infections are a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in the United States.
Pneumococcal infections are a leading cause of otitis media, pneumonia and meningitis in children.
Pneumococcal meningitis can also result from an ear infection or head injury.
Pneumococcal meningitis is an extremely serious infection, affecting the lining of the brain.
Pneumococcal meningitis is associated with a high incidence of morbidity and mortality.
Pneumococcal meningitis is associated with high morbidity and mortality.
Pneumococcal pneumonia begins with high fever, cough, and stabbing chest pains.
Pneumococcal pneumonia is a bacterial infection of the lungs.
Pneumococcal pneumonia is a bacterial pneumonia that can be fatal in young children and the elderly.
Pneumococcal pneumonia is a common complication of influenza.
Pneumococcal pneumonia is a serious and relatively common cause of hospital admissions.
Pneumococcal pneumonia is an important complication.
Pneumococcal pneumonia is characterized by a fever, chills, cough, and pleuritic pain.
Pneumococcal pneumonia is one of the most common types of pneumonia.
Pneumococcal pneumonia is pneumonia
Pneumococcal pneumonia is pneumonia.
Pneumococcal pneumonia is something of a paradox.
Pneumococcal pneumonia is suspected.
Pneumococcal pneumonia is the most common type of bacterial pneumonia acquired in the community.
Pneumococcal pneumonia occurs throughout the world.
Pneumococcal vaccination is also important and can be obtained during any part of the year.
Pneumococcal vaccination is effective in preventing invasion of pneumococcal infections.
A pneumococcal vaccine is a vaccine
Pneumococcal vaccine can also cause mild redness or pain where the shot is given.
Pneumococcal vaccine helps to protect someone from strains of bacterial pneumonia.
Pneumococcal vaccine is advised for many of the same people as influenza vaccine.
Pneumococcal vaccine is an example of primary prevention as is education to minimize falls.
Pneumococcal vaccine is available at physicians' offices and county health departments.
Pneumococcal vaccine is recommended for all immunol.
Pneumococcal vaccine is safe, efficacious and cost-effective.
Pneumococcal vaccines are also available.
Pneumoconiosis comprises two disease processes.
Pneumoconiosis is a disease
Pneumoconiosis is a fibrotic lung disease caused by the inhalation of dusts.
Pneumoconiosis is a general term for disease of the lungs caused by dusts.
Pneumoconiosis is detected by chest X-rays and by testing the function of the lungs.
Pneumoconiosis is diseases.
Pneumoconiosis is lung diseases.
Pneumoconiosis is respiratory diseases.
Pneumoconiosis occurs when lung tissue reacts to the accumulation of dust in the lungs.
A pneumonectomy is ablation
Pneumonectomies are ablation.
Pneumonectomy is the removal of an entire lung.
Pneumonectomy removes the entire lung.
Pneumonia vaccines are very safe.
Some pneumonia vaccines are administered to adults.
Pneumonia accounts for most of the deaths among people who had the flu.
Pneumonia affects lungs.
Pneumonia also causes coughing in dogs, amongst other symptoms.
Pneumonia also kills several elderly people who contract the condition.
Pneumonia also presents challenges for family physicians.
Pneumonia becomes an increasing possibility with immobility.
Pneumonia can also occur as a result of the flu.
Pneumonia can be a complication also.
Pneumonia can be a life threatening situation.
Pneumonia can be a result of an infection, or secondary to other conditions.
Pneumonia can be a serious health problem.
Pneumonia can be a very serious and sometimes life-threatening condition.
Pneumonia can be an early sign of infection.
Pneumonia can be serious for a three-year old.
Pneumonia can be tricky.
Pneumonia can be very costly in terms of medication, labor and death losses.
Pneumonia can be viral or bacterial in nature and can also result from yeast or fungus infections.
Pneumonia can be viral or bacterial.
Pneumonia can develop.
Pneumonia can present as acute mental status change, or a fall.
Pneumonia can range from a mild illness to a life-threatening condition.
Pneumonia can range in seriousness from mild to life threatening.
Pneumonia can sometimes develop in patients who are lying in bed right after surgery.
Pneumonia causes breathe difficulty.
Pneumonia causes coughs.
Pneumonia causes difficulty.
Pneumonia causes fever, difficulty breathing, cough, and chest pain.
Pneumonia causes illnesses.
Pneumonia causes serious illnesses.
Pneumonia continues to improve.
Pneumonia has (part) coughs.
Pneumonia has a broad range of etiologies.
Pneumonia has an associated risk of death when untreated.
Pneumonia has symptoms including coughing with a lot of sputum, fever, chills, and chest pain.
Pneumonia is a challenging infection for patients.
Pneumonia is a common cause of death.
Pneumonia is a common complication when fluid buildup has occurred.
Pneumonia is a common complication.
Pneumonia is a common illness that affects people in all age groups.
Pneumonia is a common secondary infection in an asper bird.
Pneumonia is a common secondary problem, given that the goat is down and therefore inactive.
Pneumonia is a complication that can follow bronchitis.
Pneumonia is a disease that causes the alveoli to fill up with fluid.
Pneumonia is a disease
Pneumonia is a fairly common infection that affects people of all ages.
Pneumonia is a frequent complication and respositioning is critical in aiding in prevention.
Pneumonia is a frequent complication of the disease and a cause of pertussis-related deaths.
Pneumonia is a known cause of abdominal pain.
Pneumonia is a later complication in the injured lung.
Pneumonia is a leading cause of death among senior citizens.
Pneumonia is a lung infection usually caused by viruses and bacteria.
Pneumonia is a lung infection, and septic arthritis attacks joints.
Pneumonia is a major cause of disease and death in foals.
Pneumonia is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in burn victims.
Pneumonia is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in older people.
Pneumonia is a major killer of young kids.
Pneumonia is a more potentially serious, and somewhat common complication.
Pneumonia is a rare and serious complication from chickenpox.
Pneumonia is a rare complication.
Pneumonia is a really bad illness that both humans and dogs can get.
Pneumonia is a respiratory complex with no single agent being solely responsible for the disease.
Pneumonia is a risk.
Pneumonia is a serious illness.
Pneumonia is a serious infection and inflammation of the lungs.
Pneumonia is a serious infection or inflammation of the lungs.
Pneumonia is almost invariably present, most frequently interstitial.
Pneumonia is also a threat if the chlamydia spreads into the infant's lungs.
Pneumonia is among the leading causes of death from all hospital-acquired infections.
Pneumonia is an acute infection of the lungs caused by bacteria or virus.
Pneumonia is an extremely deadly disease and is responsible for a large number of infantile deaths.
Pneumonia is an important cause of death in the elderly.
Pneumonia is an important cause of mortality in intensive care units.
Pneumonia is an infection and inflammation of the lungs.
Pneumonia is an infection in the lung tissue.
Pneumonia is an infection in the lungs.
Pneumonia is an infection of the air passages in the lungs.
Pneumonia is an infection of the lung, which can be caused by a virus, bacteria, or a chemical.
Pneumonia is an infection of the lung.
Pneumonia is an infection of the lungs caused by either bacteria or viruses.
Pneumonia is an infection of the lungs that can be caused by bacteria, viruses, or fungi.
Pneumonia is an infection of the lungs that can be caused by many different microorganisms.
Pneumonia is an infection of the lungs where the air sacs become congested.
Pneumonia is an infection of the tissues of the lung.
Pneumonia is an infection or inflammation of the lung.
Pneumonia is an infection or inflammation of the lungs.
Pneumonia is an infection that can be caused by bacteria or by a virus.
Pneumonia is an infection that inflames the calf's lungs.
Pneumonia is an inflammation of the lung, usually caused by infection.
Pneumonia is an inflammation of the lungs caused by bacteria, viruses or chemical irritants.
Pneumonia is an inflammation of the lungs caused by bacteria, viruses, or chemical irritants.
Pneumonia is an inflammation or infection of the lungs.
Pneumonia is an inflammatory process of infectious origin affecting the pulmonary parenchyma.
Pneumonia is another great example.
Pneumonia is another possible cause.
Pneumonia is caused by a variety of agents such as bacteria, viruses, and mycoplasmas, among others.
Pneumonia is caused by microscopic and submicroscopic organisms that infect the lung tissue.
Pneumonia is caused by pathogen.
Pneumonia is common in rats, rabbits and guinea pigs.
Pneumonia is common in tularemia.
Pneumonia is common in young, small ruminants.
Pneumonia is diseases.
Pneumonia is highly contagious and can kill dozens of pigs quickly.
Pneumonia is infection of the lungs.
Pneumonia is inflammation of the lungs.
Pneumonia is inflammation.
Pneumonia is just a symptom.
Pneumonia is lung inflammation.
Pneumonia is most likely to occur in the winter months.
Pneumonia is nothing to fuck around with.
Pneumonia is nothing to play around with.
Pneumonia is now widespread in Palestine.
Pneumonia is often evident on chest x-ray.
Pneumonia is on the rise.
Pneumonia is one of the complications of the flu.
Pneumonia is one of the complications which appears after an influenza outbreak.
Pneumonia is one of the most common complications of acute spinal cord injury.
Pneumonia is our number one nemesis.
Pneumonia is possible because fluid in the lungs provides an ideal growth medium for bacteria.
Pneumonia is rare and most affected rats have upper respiratory tract disease only.
Pneumonia is respiratory diseases.
Pneumonia is second in importance to diseases of the digestive tract.
Pneumonia is still a common disease.
Pneumonia is the cause of most pertussis-related deaths.
Pneumonia is the commonest presentation of melioidosis.
Pneumonia is the fifth leading cause of death, especially in the very young and the elderly.
Pneumonia is the leading cause of child death in India.
Pneumonia is the leading cause of hospitalizations in Oklahoma.
Pneumonia is the leading cause of mortality and morbidity in bohol for several years now.
Pneumonia is the most common cause of death.
Pneumonia is the most common complication, followed by renal failure.
Pneumonia is the most common infectious disease of the lung leading to death.
Pneumonia is the most common serious complication from the flu.
Pneumonia is the most serious complication.
Pneumonia is the next but far less cause of death.
Pneumonia is the sixth leading cause of death in Nebraska.
Pneumonia is transmitted in the air by coughing, sneezing or talking.
Pneumonia is treated with antibiotics.
Pneumonia is usually a complication of a cold.
Pneumonia is usually the most common problem.
Pneumonia is very common, associated with cold air exposure, and treated with cupping in the home.
Pneumonia is when the infection gets into the lungs.
Pneumonia isa disease.
Pneumonia requires antibiotic therapy.
Pneumonia requires therapy.
Pneumonia tends to come after normal respiratory infections.
Pneumonia tends to infect old and weak people especially during cold weather.
Pneumonia tends to occur in older adults.
Pneumonia treated with antibiotics often goes away and causes no long-term effects.
Most pneumonia affects lungs.
Most pneumonia causes breathe difficulty.
Most pneumonia causes coughs.
Most pneumonia causes difficulty.
Most pneumonia causes illnesses.
Most pneumonia causes serious illnesses.
Most pneumonia is caused by pathogen.
Most pneumonia requires antibiotic therapy.
Most pneumonia requires therapy.
Some pneumonia affects children.
Some pneumonia affects lambs.
Some pneumonia is caused by viruses.
Some pneumonia occurs in kittens.
Some pneumonia occurs in young kittens.
Pneumonic plague affects victim's lungs, with lungs filling up with frothy blood.
Pneumonic plague can also be primary or secondary.
Pneumonic plague can spread from person to person independently of animal reservoirs or vectors.
Pneumonic plague can spread from person to person.
Pneumonic plague develops when the bacteria reaches the lungs.
Pneumonic plague is a more virulent form.
Pneumonic plague is airborne.
Pneumonic plague is an epidemic disease
Pneumonic plague is an infection of the lungs with the plague bacillus.
Pneumonic plague is bacterial infection.
Pneumonic plague is highly transmissible person-toperson.
Pneumonic plague is inhaled from infected cats.
Pneumonic plague is nearly always fatal.
Pneumonic plague is plague.
Pneumonic plague is rapidly fatal due to hemorrhagic necrosis of the lung and resulting cyanosis.
Pneumonic plague is systemic plague with lung involvement.
Pneumonic plague is the least common, but most dangerous, form of plague.
Pneumonic plague occurs when the infection enters the lungs, causing the victim to vomit blood.
Pneumonic tularemia is an illness characterized primarily by pneumonia.
A pneumothorax is an abnormality
Pneumothorax also can occur when the lung or chest wall is damaged during a medical procedure.
Pneumothorax is a collapsed lung.
Pneumothorax is a condition where air or gas is trapped in the fluid membrane surrounding the lungs.
Pneumothorax is a medical emergency.
Pneumothorax is a serious condition that can be caused by any number of factors.
Pneumothorax is an infrequent complication.
Pneumothorax is one of the most common major complications of the technique.
Pneumothorax is rare but can happen with deep placement of the needle and in unskilled hands.
Pneumothorax is relatively rare.
Pneumothorax is the cause of the patient's presenting clinical manifestations.
Pneumothorax is the most common complication that can occur during the surgery.
Pneumothorax is uniformly present and requires a chest tube for a short time after the procedure.
Pneumothorax produces sharp chest pains and severe shortness of breath.
Pneumothorax refers to air accumulation in the chest cavity.
Pneumothoraxs are abnormalities.
Pneumothoraxs are collapsed lungs.
Pneumothoraxs are diseases.
Pneumothoraxs are illnesses.
PNM employees go into the classroom to promote, by example, the importance of a good education.
PNNL researchers specialize in assessing ecosystem health.
PNTC meetings are fairly unusual for tool collector meetings.
A poached egg is a dish
Poached eggs are just eggs cooked in water or stock.
Poached fish falls apart easily, so handle it carefully after cooking.
Poached fish is a simple and delicious dish that can be prepared quickly and easily.
Poached fruit is the way to go.
Poached pears accompany the meat.
A poacher is a cooking utensil
A poacher is a vessel
Poacher isa individual.
Poacher isa person.
Poacher isa somebody.
Poacher isa someone.
Poachers also come into the area, sometimes on horseback, to shoot for meat.
Poachers also ideal for steaming clams or other hardshell fish.
Poachers also search out the cats for their pelts and bones.
Poachers alter mammal abundance, seed dispersal and seed predation in a Neotropical forest.
Poachers appear with rifles, chainsaws.
Poachers are also a big problem .
Poachers are appropriators.
Poachers are bolder.
Poachers are cooking utensils.
Poachers are criminals.
Poachers are dangerous.
Poachers are greatly responsible for the decreasing Rhino population.
Poachers are in too much of a rush to be thorough.
Poachers are out there in greater numbers now.
Poachers are still a serious problem due to the market value of many parts of a rhinoceros.
Poachers are very inhumane bloody no mercy animals killers.
Poachers are vessels.
Poachers are well aware of the hotline's reach.
Poachers are workers.
Poachers arm with rifles.
Poachers bring in cops.
Poachers can easily steal fish from unguarded holding facilities.
Poachers can impact mussles by violating harvest regulations set by conservation agencies.
Poachers can wipe out entire social groups of primates in a burst or two of automatic gunfire.
Poachers can wipe out entire social groups of primates in single burst of automatic gunfire.
Poachers capitalize on illegal captures of tropical birds and lizards.
Poachers capture and kill elephants for their ivory tusks.
Poachers capture it to supply zoos, collectors, and other bird breeders throughout the world.
Poachers catch Indian tigers with steel traps .
Poachers catch Indian tigers with steel traps.
Poachers come from all walks of life.
Poachers dig up the plants from parks and wildland areas.
Poachers face a beating if caught.
Poachers feast on Zimbabwe's land crisis For MORE NEWS, click here .
Poachers find the pack and capture any wolves that are young enough to fight.
Poachers flip the turtles over under the cover of darkness as they crawl onto the beach to nest.
Poachers get a high price for tiger skins and other body parts used in traditional medicine.
Poachers have (part) arms.
Poachers have (part) body substances.
Poachers have (part) cell membranes.
Poachers have (part) cells.
Poachers have (part) corpi.
Poachers have (part) cytoplasm.
Poachers have (part) heads.
Poachers have (part) human bodies.
Poachers have (part) legs.
Poachers have (part) material bodies.
Poachers have (part) necks.
Poachers have (part) nuclei.
Poachers have (part) personality.
Poachers have (part) plasma membranes.
Poachers have (part) sections.
Poachers have (part) vacuoles.
Poachers have no qualms about taking immature females.
Poachers have no regard for the wildlife they steal.
Poachers hunt black bears for parts that are sold to an underground Asian medicinal market.
Poachers kill a large number of adults for their value in foreign markets.
Poachers kill animals for vanity.
Poachers kill animals.
Poachers kill deer.
Poachers kill elephants.
Poachers kill elk.
Poachers kill for the thrill of killing, to lash out at wildlife laws, or for profit.
Poachers kill gorillas to sell as bushmeat or for tourist curios .
Poachers kill just for the thrill of killing and for profit.
Poachers kill leopards for their whiskers, which are used in some West African potions.
Poachers kill mothers for their children, and then leave the young chimps tied up to sell.
Poachers kill rhinoceroses and sell their horns and skin.
Poachers kill rhinos for their horns, which are used in traditional Chinese medicine.
Poachers kill rhinos.
Poachers kill second elephant in a week in India .
Poachers kill the birds for their bright blue-green plumes, which are used to make fans and jewelry.
Poachers kill wildlife anywhere, anytime, and they can, using the most unsporting methods.
Poachers live in cold water, on the bottom, and are found mainly in the northern Pacific.
Poachers mercilessly kill elephants so they can sell their ivory tusks.
Poachers prefer to seize the turtles as soon as they crawl out of the water.
Poachers regularly steal the young from nests and export birds for illegal sale.
Poachers remain the biggest threat to the black rhino.
Poachers run ATVs off the front of the boats, and away they go.
Poachers scour the regions few remaining forests to shoot, trap and poison the animals.
Poachers seek rhino horns for ornamental dagger handles and purported medicinal benefits.
Poachers sell rhino horns to use in folk medicine.
Poachers sell the bears as pets or for their parts.
Poachers set snares for antelope, which they try to catch for food.
Poachers shoot hundreds of tigers each year, burying the skins and taking the bones.
Poachers slaughter entire herds of elephants when they gather to drink at waterholes.
Poachers slaughter whole gorilla families just to steal one or two of their young.
Poachers slit open every paddlefish they catch.
Poachers steal animals.
Poachers still hunt giant pandas for their pelts, which they sell.
Poachers target the biggest elephants because their tusks are larger.
Poachers target U.S. mussels because of their value in the production of cultured pearls.
Poachers try to kill foxes.
Poachers use automatic weapons to kill hundreds of antelopes at a time.
Poachers use nets and poison that can contaminate whole rivers.
Poachers use rifles, land mines or poisoned water sources to get their game.
Poachers violate state harvest regulations in order to collect the larger, more profitable shells.
Poachers often kill the adult Monkeys so that they can get to the young ones.
Poachers usually kill jaguars for their skins to make coats.
Many poachers use traps to kill the rhinos.
Most poachers arm with rifles.
Most poachers kill animals.
Most poachers kill deer.
Most poachers kill elephants.
Most poachers kill elk.
Most poachers kill rhinos.
Most poachers know they are breaking the law, but for the others, ignorance is no excuse.
Most poachers operating in the region are non-indigents.
Most poachers steal animals.
Some poachers capture apes.
Some poachers catch fish.
Some poachers enter parks.
Some poachers get death.
Some poachers get feet.
Some poachers kill bison.
Some poachers kill gorillas.
Some poachers kill leopards.
Some poachers kill panthers.
Some poachers pass through areas.
Some poachers seek elephants.
Some poachers seek gorillas.
Some poachers sell teeth.
Some poachers sell tigers.
Some poachers sell tusks.
Some poachers shoot adults.
Some poachers shoot bison.
Some poachers shoot deer.
Some poachers shoot elk.
Some poachers shoot lions.
Some poachers steal bison.
Some poachers steal deer.
Some poachers steal elephants.
Some poachers steal elk.
Some poachers steal fish.
Some poachers steal gorillas.
Some poachers steal rhinos.
Some poachers steal turtles.
Some poachers threaten elephants.
Some poachers use arrows.
Some poachers use poison arrows.
A pochard is a duck
Pochards are ducks.
Pochards are uncommon breeding birds, largely restricted to east England and Scotland.
Pochards ride the calm waters of lagoons, estuaries and bays in large mixed groups.
All pochards have a black breast and gray back with a white underside.
Pocilloporidae corals are polytrophic.
Pock marks caused by bullets cover the walls.
A pock is pustule
Pock is unique.
Pocket beaches are common in New England and the Pacific Northwest.
Pocket beaches form in small bays surrounded by rocky cliffs or headlands.
Pocket beagles are small and can be easily injured.
A pocket book is a paperback
Pocket books clean and shined.
A pocket calculator is a calculating machine
Pocket calculators are faster and more accurate.
Pocket calculators are good examples.
Pocket calculators are optional.
Pocket calculators take no batteries anymore, they are all solar-powered.
Pocket cameras are okay, but no professional cameras.
Pocket computers come in three main flavours, each with advantages and disadvantages.
Pocket diaries containing a digest of significant legal information are also available.
Pocket doors are aluminum framed with smoked glass interior.
Pocket doors are excellent choices for people who use canes, walkers or wheelchairs.
Pocket doors are preferred providing latches and operators are useable.
Pocket doors can be an option.
Pocket doors can make it easier for people with wheelchairs or walkers to access a room or closet.
Pocket doors close off the main bedroom from a separate sitting room.
Pocket doors give privacy when wanted, closing off the spa and bathroom area.
Pocket doors separate the living area from the bedroom.
Pocket doors separate the PDR from the main dining area for privacy.
Pocket doors seperate the twin parlors where lavish social events took place years ago.
Pocket doors slide open to reveal a spacious design studio.
Pocket dosimeters look like pens, and are clipped onto a shirt pocket.
A pocket gopher is a rat
Pocket gopher burrows nearby.
Pocket gophers are a major herbivore in many habitats in North America.
Pocket gophers are active day and night all year round.
Pocket gophers are active throughout the year.
Pocket gophers are capable of swimming.
Pocket gophers are fossorial and prefer a soil conducive to digging.
Pocket gophers are found only in the Western Hemisphere.
Pocket gophers are generally valuable to human interests.
Pocket gophers are greyish-brown in color with short legs and stout bodies.
Pocket gophers are interesting animals.
Pocket gophers are named for their external fur-lined pouches that are used to carry food.
Pocket gophers are rodents and have different feeding habits than moles.
Pocket gophers are solitary, except during the breeding season.
Pocket gophers are the most highly fossorial rodents found in North America.
Pocket gophers are typically territorial and solitary.
Pocket gophers are very aggressive and they often have scars from fighting with other gophers.
Pocket gophers are very fond of carob roots, and rabbits and deer graze on the young trees.
Pocket gophers attain the highest densities on light-textured soils with good herbage production.
Pocket gophers can cause costly damage to native range, pasture and hay fields.
Pocket gophers can run backward in their burrows almost as fast as they can run forward.
Pocket gophers dig through the ash and kick original soil to the surface.
Pocket gophers eat a variety of plants including broad-leafed weeds, crop plants, and grasses.
Pocket gophers eat forbs, grasses, shrubs, and even small trees.
Pocket gophers eat forbs, grasses, shrubs, and trees.
Pocket gophers eat forbs, grasses, shrubs, even small trees.
Pocket gophers eat vegetation.
Pocket gophers enter the tunnels and eat the toxic bait.
Pocket gophers feed largely on roots, tubers, and some surface vegetation.
Pocket gophers feed on crops.
Pocket gophers feed on plants.
Pocket gophers feed primarily on the taproot and often kill plants.
Pocket gophers find their food by sense of smell.
Pocket gophers graze the roots of seedlings and young trees.
Pocket gophers have necks.
Pocket gophers have short necks.
Pocket gophers have small eyes set far apart and their ears are almost absent.
Pocket gophers have stomachs.
Pocket gophers invade yards.
Pocket gophers kill plants by eating roots.
Pocket gophers leave soil mounds on the surface of the ground.
Pocket gophers live one to two years and the majority of the population consists of young adults.
Pocket gophers mix and aerate soils and provide habitat and food for other animals.
Pocket gophers occupy habitats.
Pocket gophers occupy rocky habitats.
Pocket gophers prefer above ground portions of vegetation when it is green and succulent.
Pocket gophers prefer alfalfa.
Pocket gophers reach maturity.
Pocket gophers reach sexual maturity in the spring following their birth.
Pocket gophers reach sexual maturity.
Pocket gophers rely on extensive networks of tunnels under the snow.
Pocket gophers spend nearly their entire lives underground.
Pocket gophers survive in climates.
Pocket gophers use their claws and teeth while digging.
Pocket gophers use their short whiskers and tails to help navigate tunnels.
All pocket gophers are burrowers .
All pocket gophers are burrowers.
All pocket gophers use their claws and teeth while digging.
Most pocket gophers eat vegetation.
Most pocket gophers feed on crops.
Most pocket gophers feed on plants.
Most pocket gophers have necks.
Most pocket gophers have short necks.
Most pocket gophers invade yards.
Most pocket gophers occupy habitats.
Most pocket gophers occupy rocky habitats.
Most pocket gophers reach maturity.
Most pocket gophers reach sexual maturity.
Most pocket gophers survive in climates.
Some pocket gophers consume taproots.
Some pocket gophers dig tunnels.
Some pocket gophers have cats.
Some pocket gophers have different feed habits.
Some pocket gophers have habits.
Some pocket gophers occupy hemispheres.
Some pocket gophers occupy western hemispheres.
Some pocket gophers occur in areas.
Some pocket gophers vary in length.
A pocket knife is a knife
Pocket knife includes file, tweezers, bottle-cap opener.
Pocket lint is lint in the bottom of pockets .
Pocket lint is lint in the bottom of pockets.
Pocket mask is probable the best choice here.
Some pocket masks have oxygen inlets.
Pocket money can teach children an innate sense of responsibility.
Pocket money flows from the same source.
Pocket money is cash
Pocket money is cash.
Pocket money is films.
Pocket money tends to be spent foolishly.
A pocket mouse is a rat
Pocket mice are aggressively solitary.
Pocket mice have many natural enemies but in captivity have lived as long as five years.
Pockets of resistance can vary greatly even within a relatively small area.
Pockets of resistance exist, especially among medical practitioners.
Pockets of resistance remain at the mid-manager level.
Pockets of resistance remain to the progress of women.
Pocket part updates.
Pocket parts update the set.
Pocket protectors are definitely optional equipment.
Pocket protectors are definitely out.
Pocket rockets represent performance for the everyman.
Pocket screws are quick but have limited strength.
Pocket universes are fantasy-island type solar systems carved out of space by imaginative designers.
A pocket is a pouch
Pocket chart activity- Identify and correctly use regular plurals.
Pocket cheat till most basket for serve norte dame apparel.
Pocket continues underneath the width of bag for maximun shoe storage space.
Pocket depend before none law nor force single teen chat rooms.
Pocket depend before none law nor force working teenager.
Pocket examine Adventure under sugar into little sports therefore dream along the eye.
Pocket folders to be manufactured or furnished that require custom printing.
Pocket guides Quick reference guides to tax and benefits.
Pocket holds jewel box for CD in use.
Pocket holds towel on back of chair.
Pocket imagine Restaurant between criminal on none packers poster hence drop against any shoppers.
Pocket isa pouch.
Pocket maintains across some mountain bicycle.
Pocket outside makes it easy to access around the office.
Pocket shows, all too painfully, how war alters reality and casually destroys lives.
Pocket slits on each side.
Pocket watches and wristwatches come in a wide variety of shapes, styles and materials.
Pocket watches with covers.
Pockets abound on front, back and sides - including a handy rule pocket.
Pockets add a great deal to the beauty of a table.
Pockets are a necessary luxury.
Pockets are also full of money for the bureaucratic bourgeoisie.
Pockets are always black.
Pockets are an essential part of the universe.
Pockets are an important feature of a lifejacket.
Pockets are an important feature of any life jacket.
Pockets are available in several attractive designs and colors.
Pockets are funds.
Pockets are hand-sewn onto jackets that are perfectly tailored inside to represent inner beauty.
Pockets are interchangeable.
Pockets are just around the corner.
Pockets are large enough for quart bottles.
Pockets are large enough to hold a rope halter and lead rope easily.
Pockets are located in clothing.
Pockets are located in pants.
Pockets are located in suitcases.
Pockets are nice, too.
Pockets are open on the sides to hold literature of any width.
Pockets are openings.
Pockets are part of garments.
Pockets are part of pool tables.
Pockets are people.
Pockets are period.
Pockets are permissible.
Pockets are pouchs.
Pockets are space.
Pockets are usually horizontal in stiff binders and vertical in flexible binders.
Pockets are very usable, easily opened and closed securely.
Pockets can be fair secondary locations.
Pockets can be on pants, shirts, skirts, or dresses.
Pockets come in very different styles, shapes, closed or unclosed with zippers or buttons.
Pockets containing diamond crystals are never the same either in size or in quality.
Pockets feature a flat cardboard interlocking lug at top.
Pockets feature full length zipper with storm flap.
Pockets fill with air.
Pockets fold back and forth, for double sided viewing, while exposing menu items under pocket.
Pockets have (part) pocket flaps.
Pockets have (part) sections.
Pockets have breathable and soft mesh backsides.
Pockets have capacity.
Pockets have flaps with buttons.
Pockets have plastic clasp closures.
Pockets have solid leather appointments, with handcrafted detail.
Pockets is a paint molly mule.
Pockets is a very well put together mule.
Pockets is very athletic and fast.
Pockets join in front skirt seam.
Pockets keep essentials handy.
Pockets made of mesh instead of solid fabric provide another source of ventilation.
Pockets make inserting prostheses easier.
Pockets move up on the coat throughout the period.
Pockets provide storage.
Pockets repeat the lapel angle.
Pockets then form at the back of the eye, which trap debris.
Pockets Watch the game on one of six huge-screen TVs or play a game of darts.
Pockets wear out rapidly.
Pockets work fine.
Pockets often develop between teeth and gums and can pack or trap food.
All pockets are below the cart straps.
All pockets are clear polymer making it easy to clean and quick recognition of medical supplies.
All pockets face forward making for an excellent cart bag as well.
All pockets have Velcro closures to ensure nothing falls out.
All pockets have zippers or Velcro closures.
Most pockets fill with air.
Most pockets have capacity.
Most pockets provide storage.
Some pockets are formed by fins.
Some pockets are formed by membranes.
Some pockets are more dense than others and therefore make better conductors.
Some pockets are part of capes.
Some pockets are part of cardigans.
Some pockets are part of diapers.
Some pockets are part of dominoes.
Some pockets are part of garments.
Some pockets are part of jerseys.
Some pockets are part of jumpers.
Some pockets are part of kilts.
Some pockets are part of laundries.
Some pockets are part of leggings.
Some pockets are part of nightdresses.
Some pockets are part of pullovers.
Some pockets are part of raglans.
Some pockets are part of robes.
Some pockets are part of scarves.
Some pockets are part of shawls.
Some pockets are part of shirts.
Some pockets are part of suits.
Some pockets are part of sweaters.
Some pockets are part of sweatshirts.
Some pockets are part of underwears.
Some pockets contain seeds.
Some pockets have a well-shaped structure with an affinity for only one side chain.
Some pockets have fabric.
Some pockets have soft fabric.
Some pockets help digestion.
Some pockets hold warmth.
Some pockets pierce veins.
Some pockets provide extra insulation.
Some pockets provide insulation.
A pocketbook is a container
Pocketbooks are available in leading bookstores nationwide.
Pocketbooks are means.
Pocketbooks are paperback books.
Pocketbooks compare favourably in price with in-house photocopied course notes.
Pocketbooks cost little more than photocopied course notes and they look more professional.
Pocketed ball remains pocketed.
All pocketed balls remain pocketed.
Any pocketed balls stay down.
Pocketed case organizes supplies.
A pocketknife is a knife
Pocketknife is at the top of the upper lapilli-bearing bed of the layer.
PocketPC devices can also be difficult to use.
PocketPC envy is a hard thing to get over.
PocketPC hardware is similar to previous WinCE units.
Poco archive is just over one megabyte.
Pod corn is more of an ornamental type.
Pod corns differ from the others in that each individual kernel Is enclosed in a glume or husk.
Pods of whales move south to feed in the surrounding nutrient rich waters.
A pod is a container
Pod ancemi st.
Pod are more sanctimonious than saintly.
POD can help the user by telephone.
POD comes in a great little package and sports an interface that makes using it interesting.
POD comes with CD-ROM to tweak it.
POD engages in faculty, administration, instructional, and organizational development activities.
Pod feeding by the beetles also becomes less critical once the pods themselves turn yellow.
Pod is everywhere.
POD is here to stay.
POD is just plain fun.
POD is point of departure.
POD is readable with the 'perldoc' utility.
Pod isa covering.
Pod lov fond t dne .
Pod means belly.
POD offers recording musicians a deep, inspirational sonic palette.
POD offers short-term support to agencies committed to strengthening their organization.
Pod produces first fanzine and stomps on first city.
POD produces materials as needed, when needed, in the specific quantities required.
PoD requires lower initial production investment and removes the risk of unsold returns.
POD runs at a smooth frame rate, and the different racetracks look good.
POD stands for plain old documentation and is a simple text-based format.
POD stands for post ovulation day.
POD touch up.
Pods appear in yellow, red, green and purple.
Pods are a litter problem.
Pods are about support.
Pods are an alternative so children can wear their very own underwear.
Pods are animal groups.
Pods are best when young and small.
Pods are bluish when young.
Pods are containers.
Pods are dark green with a red upper suture when immature and a straw colour when dry.
Pods are difficult to set.
Pods are distorted with spots turning dark brown.
Pods are dwarfed and distorted.
Pods are easily accessible.
Pods are erect, holding close to the stem.
Pods are flat or orbicular, with two or more seeds.
Pods are fruit.
Pods are husks.
Pods are ideal for education.
Pods are indehiscent.
Pods are like short-lived Tower drones.
Pods are long and covered in hair.
Pods are long, hot and flavorful.
Pods are long, slender and glabrous.
Pods are long, slender, spineless and formed very early.
Pods are mostly persistent on the tree through the winter.
Pods are nearly round.
Pods are oval tapering to a point with rows of little spikes, green turning orange as they mature.
Pods are oval, thick, fairly straight, meaty, tender, brittle, stringless when young.
Pods are overcrowded, with cells serving for six men at a time.
Pods are part of airplanes.
Pods are red when ripe.
Pods are round to round oval.
Pods are short and thick.
Pods are simple to use.
Pods are small and cylindrical.
Pods are small enough for all the members to sit in a room together and make a decision.
Pods are stiff and the seeds tend to be small.
Pods are straight with pointed ends and the surface is smooth and shiny.
Pods are stringless and brittle.
Pods are taken off the tree manually.
Pods are tender no matter how large.
Pods are tough and fibrous.
Pods are upgradeable through software downloads.
Pods consist of subpods that travel with one another.
Pods contain a pulp that is variously sweet and acid. commonly white but also red.
Pods contain a sweetish, gummy pulp.
Pods contain both valuable antiplatinum and energy orbs .
Pods contain less than ten animals, mainly females with calves and sexually immature males.
Pods contain less than ten individuals.
Pods contain numerous flat, tan seeds with dual hair wings.
PODs contain system-specific codes for access control, security and copy protection.
Pods containing immature seeds are the most desirable.
Pods containing large seeds stay on tree through winter.
Pods develop lesions similar to stems and are often associated with twisting and distortion.
Pods develop similar lesions to stems with twisting and distortion.
Pods dry beautifully and are often used in arrangements.
Pods elongate and swell.
Pods extend beyond the wings leading and trailing edges.
Pods extend beyond wings leading and trailing edges.
Pods extend well beyond the wings leading and trailing edges.
Pods freeze very well.
Pods freeze well for later use.
Pods hang down or thrust up and out from the stems, changing color as they mature.
Pods have (part) sections.
Pods have a fixed hierarchy, with the priority positions determined by biting, pushing or ramming.
Pods have small, water-soaked spots that enlarge to irregular blotches.
Pods have water-soaked lesion spots that enlarge into broad, irregular blotches.
Pods meet daily for thirty-five minutes.
Pods meet with a different pod each week.
Pods move one orthogonal space.
Pods never rotate.
Pods range in color from green to purple.
Pods range in size from a few dolphins to several thousand in offshore regions.
Pods reach superb sweetness only when completely filled.
Pods remain green on plants and pod fill of the upper most pods still continues.
Pods remain on the tree for some time after the seeds and leaves have fallen.
Pods remain tender.
Pods snap like a bean.
Pods stay tiny for a frustrating week or two, and then mature very quickly.
Pods take a little work.
Pods take twist drills held in place with set screws.
Pods often abort, or are underdeveloped.
Pods often have a speckled appearance when fully grown.
All pods have skylights and each cell has a narrow window.
Every pod has some unique sounds.
More pods contain more beans.
Most pods are ready for harvesting from four to six days after the bloom opens.
Most pods consists of twelve to sixteen students and one teacher.
Most pods have two to twenty-five whales, but the average size is about ten.
Some pods are double sized groups and are team taught by two adults.
Some pods become quite tame.
Some pods can collaborate with each other for successful hunting or social interactions.
Some pods have cells where inmates live two to a room.
Poddings are biological growth.
A podetium is an enation
Podetium passes through three growth stages.
Podiatric care can assure lifetime mobility.
Podiatric doctors treat patients who have a range of foot problems.
Podiatric physicians are an important component of the diabetic health care team.
Podiatric physicians are the major providers of foot care services.
Podiatric physicians have hospital priviledges throughout the country.
Podiatric physicians have incomes comparable to other general practice physicians.
Podiatric physicians recommend molded shoe rubber cleats rather than the screw-on variety.
Podiatric physicians warn repetitive overuse can cause inflammation of the growth plates.
Podiatric practice can include care for children, the elderly, athletes, and the general population.
Podiatric residents rotate through all divisions.
Podiatric services offer a range of benefits for a variety of community groups.
Podiatric specialists are often unavailable in less populated rural areas.
Podiatric students have to attend school for at least eight years.
Some podiatric surgeons complete surgical residencies of up to three years.
A podiatrist is a specialist
Podiatrist is the term used for chiropodists in other English speaking countries.
Podiatrists also contribute significantly to the areas of diabetic foot care and wound healing.
Podiatrists also study the way people walk, also called biomechanics.
Podiatrists also treat conditions like warts, arch disorders, flat feet, and athlete's foot.
Podiatrists are doctors trained in treating conditions of the foot.
Podiatrists are doctors who specialize in treating the foot and ankle.
Podiatrists are doctors.
Podiatrists are foot specialists.
Podiatrists are fully licensed physicians who can prescribe drugs and perform surgery.
Podiatrists are medical practitioners who diagnose and treat disorders of the human foot and leg.
Podiatrists are often successful in teating bone spurs on which M.C.s have stubbed their toes.
Podiatrists are primary contact practitioners.
Podiatrists are very active in the treatment and prevention of sports related problems.
Podiatrists can diagnose walking disorders and they easily outnumber spinal-injury specialists.
Podiatrists can treat most cases of leg discomfort.
Podiatrists complete four years of training at a college of podiatric medicine, and a residency.
Podiatrists consult with and refer patients to other health practitioners when necessary.
Podiatrists diagnose and treat diseases and injuries of the foot and lower leg.
Podiatrists diagnose and treat disorders, diseases, and injuries of the foot and lower leg.
Podiatrists diagnose, treat, and prevent diseases and conditions of the foot and lower leg.
Podiatrists do it with feet.
Podiatrists enjoy very high earnings.
Podiatrists generally are in private practice, which means that they run a small business.
Podiatrists play an important role when the feet are involved.
Podiatrists prescribe and construct foot orthotics.
Podiatrists provide the vast majority of foot health care services in the United States.
Podiatrists recommend the use of a pulse monitor for a cycling-based training regimen.
Podiatrists recommend wearing a shoe with a round toe box and lower heel.
Podiatrists regularly prescribe foot orthoses and exercises as well tend to wounds and ulcerations.
Podiatrists say complaints about heel pain are a significant part of their business.
Podiatrists specialize in foot and ankle problems.
Podiatrists specialize in problems of the human foot.
Podiatrists specialize in the treatment of foot and ankle disorders.
Podiatrists straighten club feet so children can walk.
Podiatrists treat health conditions of the foot.
Podiatrists treat patients with fractures, dislocations, pains and strains.
Podiatrists treat such common conditions as bunions, corns and calluses, and ingrown toenails.
Podiatrists use laboratory tests and x-ray images to diagnose diseases and deformities.
Podiatrists use laboratory tests and X-ray images to diagnose diseases and deformities.
Many podiatrists perform it in their offices.
Most podiatrists are in private practice.
Most podiatrists are self-employed as solo practitioners.
Most podiatrists are solo practitioners.
Most podiatrists count many athletes and dancers amongst their patients.
Most podiatrists have a general practice.
Most podiatrists rely heavily on anesthetics and analgesics to deal with pain.
Some podiatrists are qualified in sugery of the foot.
Some podiatrists go on to develop an interest in surgery and train as podiatric surgeons.
Some podiatrists say cut straight across and some say round the edges.
Podiatry school is four years in length, followed by a one to three year residency program.
A podiatry is medicine
Podiatries are medicine.
Podiatry can be a very rewarding career.
Podiatry is a growing field with many opportunities.
Podiatry is a registered and regulated health profession.
Podiatry is a surgical specialty and involves very little strictly medical practice.
Podiatry is offered on a fee per service basis with the charges on a sliding scale .
Podiatry is specialist health care concerned with the feet and lower limbs.
Podiatry is the care and treatment of the human foot in health and disease.
Podiatry is the diagnosis and treatment of disorders of the lower leg and foot.
Podiatry is the health care profession that assesses and treats foot ailments.
Podiatry is the profession that deals with conditions affecting the human foot.
A podium is a platform
Podium has a control center in the touch screen.
Podium is permanently affixws at the end of the inner row of seats.
Podium lends itself well to top-down hierarchical development.
Podium provide important training for the future.
Podiums are located in meetings.
A poem is literary work
Poem begins almost as it ends, but only at end is pen seen as weapon for digging.
Poem isa written language.
POEM isolates all database access from client browsers that require database services.
POEM sets a new standard for non-invasive blood pressure measurement.
Poems address the African-American experience.
Poems admit begin in the pull of the waves withdrawal, tide precedence.
Poems allow for individual expression of the elements or times of the year.
Poems also express a writer's ideas and observations.
Poems also inspire painting.
Poems appear by authors' permission and constitute copyrighted material.
Poems are a reflection on the author's mood, feelings and opinions.
Poems are a special use of language.
Poems are a way for people to express themselves.
Poems are acceptable if well chosen and well delivered. .
Poems are added continuously, so always come back.
Poems are also available on photo quality backgrounds suitable for framing.
Poems are also available on stock or custom photo backgrounds.
Poems are an outlet for that.
Poems are another language art activity that most students enjoy.
Poems are another popular vehicle for deaf culture.
Poems are art.
Poems are cultural artifacts, and only make full sense if studied in their social context.
Poems are currently available.
Poems are emotional opinion.
Poems are English translations.
Poems are in alphabetical order and also under the writer index or name.
Poems are in many cases meant to be read, to be heard, to be experienced.
Poems are in regular type.
Poems are in Spanish and English.
Poems are little machines for recreating energy.
Poems are located in book stores.
Poems are located in books.
Poems are located in bookshelfs.
Poems are many different shapes and sizes.
Poems are metaphysical in nature.
Poems are music and joy, convey the strenght of peace, give new strenght of life.
Poems are now another medium for communicating.
Poems are of a romantic nature, beauty and love of the heart, and erotica.
Poems are of a unique beatnik style from a most unconventional personality.
Poems are of three, five or seven-character lines.
Poems are often short with lots of white space on the page.
Poems are often very easy to remember.
Poems are only about happy, pretty things.
Poems are part of poetry.
Poems are portable during both creation and appreciation.
Poems are quieter and more fulfilling than rants.
Poems are searchable by words or phrases.
Poems are short and of varied rhyme and rhythm patterns.
Poems are shorthand for emotional truth.
Poems are the breath for growing.
Poems are the same.
Poems are things that warm the heart and kindel the soul.
Poems are to be original, unpublished and submitted by the author.
Poems are used for classes.
Poems are used for communicating.
Poems are used for enlightenment.
Poems are used for reading.
Poems are used for romance.
Poems are used for writing.
Poems are wonderful ways to get kids thinking, moving, giggling and jiggling.
Poems are written by famous poets.
Poems are written by greek poets.
Poems are written by poets.
Poems are, of course, natural learning opportunities for holidays and special events.
Poems belong neither to the author nor the critic.
Poems Below is the list of poems that have already been sent in.
Poems can add to any lesson at any point in the book.
Poems can be about any subject and use any form.
Poems can be about anything.
Poems can be any length and style.
Poems can be comical, serious, inspirational, light or insightful.
Poems can be in English or Portuguese.
Poems can be in the poet's native language.
Poems can be of any style or length.
Poems can be stories or something familiar.
Poems can mean different things to different people.
Poems can romance a woman with a taste in Love and Art.
Poems celebrate the relationship between sisters and brothers.
Poems celebrate werewolves, griffins, trolls, vampires, and, of course, gargoyles.
Poems come from incomplete knowledge.
Poems come from laziness.
Poems contain values and voice, time and place, past and present.
Poems create the miracle of connecting our inner lives.
Poems describe life in a Nigerian farming village.
Poems develop as their internal structure directs.
Poems do much more than that.
Poems do take a little practice and a lot of rewriting to get right.
Poems Enjoy a few minutes reading a poem.
Poems entice visitors down a short staircase.
Poems explore depression, joy, transference and dependency, the release of recovery.
Poems Find everything from epic poems to patriotic poems.
Poems flash on over drawings, paintings, animated clips and quick movies.
Poems focus on creatures such as dromedaries, grackles, owls, cats, and vultures.
Poems Get a little help from the past masters of romantic writing.
Poems give people inner insight into people's minds.
Poems go in waves and schools and fads.
Poems happen all the time.
Poems have (part) chapters.
Poems have (part) paragraphs.
Poems have (part) verse lines.
Poems have (part) word order.
Poems have adult content.
Poems have an organic unity, an autonomy that resolves contending aspects.
Poems have line numbers.
Poems have magic, especially when they come from the heart.
Poems have their own music.
Poems have to stand on their own.
Poems help the reader to see, hear, taste, smell, and touch the world created by the poet.
Poems hold the invisible.
Poems introduce the author's doll collection.
Poems lift off when they work and they work because they start on the ground, where things happen.
Poems Look no further.
Poems make it possible to focus on one thing.
Poems make pictures with words.
Poems make toward something . . .
Poems make very boring songs.
Poems offer that mystery.
Poems previously published in chap book form are acceptable.
Poems published in English as ghazals usually have only the first feature.
Poems range in their degree of difficulty.
Poems reach up like the edge of driftwood Along the beach, wanting and wanting.
Poems Read poetry dealing with a vareity of equality issues from a personal or social perspective.
Poems Read some of our many poems.
Poems reflect a fair amount of emotional input through use of meaning, sound, and rhythm.
Poems reflect a good amount of emotional input through use of meaning, sound, and rhythm.
Poems reflect ideas and landscape of New England.
Poems reflect little or no emotional input through use of meaning, sound, and rhythm.
Poems Reflect Sensuous Life.
Poems reflect some emotional input through use of meaning, sound, and rhythm.
Poems reflect the rural lifestyle of Red Bluff, California.
Poems relate love stories, epic tales from long ago, or discuss love of country.
Poems remain, ultimately, inadequate.
Poems respect our ability to interpret and translateimages and signs.
Poems reveal secrets when they are analyzed.
Poems share pages with visual art throughout the current issue.
Poems shift points of view.
Poems stand on their own.
Poems start from a phrase, an image, an idea, a rhythm insistent in the back of the brain.
Poems start in odd phrases, an image, a tune in the head, a deeply incoherent pain.
Poems tend to be British and American.
Poems try to do what songs do in their own way.
Poems use time They use time as music uses time, as part of the measure of the poem.
Poems often appear with paintings, and developments in each art influence the other.
Poems often come in pairs.
Poems often work well as writing prompts.
All poems are by the authors.
All poems are Copyrighted.
All poems are in English.
All poems are in gif format.
All poems are maps of interior journeys, and poets are cartographers of the soul.
All poems are the sole property of P.K.Zelly.
All poems can be send to a friend.
All poems carry the copyrights of their authors . . . . .
All poems have rhythm.
All poems remain the property of the artist.
All poems remain the property of the writer.
ANY poem CAN be a biographical poem.
Every poem follows a pattern and has a form.
Every poem has a pattern, and it is the line which determines the pattern.
Every poem has to have music.
Every poem is a discovery, for the poet who creates and for the reader who appreciates.
Every poem is a handmade work of art.
Every poem is a made object that is very inexpensive and there for the taking.
Every poem is a prayer against loneliness.
Every poem is a voyage of discovery.
Every poem is a werewolf.
Every poem is an island.
Every poem is just the right size and shape to catch a kid's fancy.
Every poem is offered as guidance towards each person's self-empowerment.
Every poem is written down there where the pencil makes love to the page.
Every poem posted on the web site is reviewed prior to posting.
Many poems also have a link that allow readers to participate in a discussion of the poem.
Many poems appear in multiple copies, several of the popular ones in as many as a dozen copies.
Many poems are available full-text.
Many poems are available in full-text.
Many poems are example of word play.
Many poems are lines of writing that rhyme.
Many poems are loose, however, and have been arranged alphabetically by title or first line.
Many poems do both.
Many poems have one or two-word line lengths to admit solemnity or drama.
Many poems signal to each other, as if trying to fix up a meeting.
Many poems suggest a deeper meaning.
Many poems wonderfully enact the tensions between objective time and space and subjective.
Most poems are bad.
Most poems are forthright in attitude.
Most poems are free verse, however there are also some more recognizable formats.
Most poems are written by famous poets.
Most poems are written by greek poets.
Most poems are written by poets.
Some poems are a journey of discovery and exploration for the writer as well as the reader.
Some poems are also available via an anthologies page.
Some poems are as simple as mud pies, others as abstract as a medieval scholastic.
Some poems are as simple as mud pies, others as abstract as medieval scholastics.
Some poems are easier on the ear than others.
Some poems are easier to follow as a listener than others.
Some poems are five minutes in the making, others five years.
Some poems are in Spanish.
Some poems are light as a feather.
Some poems are longer than a single page, and other pages contain more than one poem.
Some poems are lyrics for a piano composer condenced for the poem.
Some poems are online and others have been collected in books.
Some poems are playful, some sober.
Some poems are pretty cool.
Some poems are responses to the world as supplied by science.
Some poems are short meditations about life and death.
Some poems are still visible at the museum today.
Some poems are unabashedly sentimental while others are unabashedly silly.
Some poems are very short, but others are very long, several hundred lines in length.
Some poems are written by century monks.
Some poems are written by girls.
Some poems are written by monks.
Some poems arrive as dreams.
Some poems authored by prisoners follow.
Some poems come immediately.
Some poems contain a single, bursting image.
Some poems continue past the bottom of the screen.
Some poems describe the experiences of a shaman in trance.
Some poems even have links to discussions and interpretations.
Some poems explore minds.
Some poems have a webpage with visual and sound effects Just click on their link below.
Some poems have conventional structures.
Some poems have formal structures.
Some poems have kinds.
Some poems have structures.
Some poems have the freshness of folk tales, the magic of myth and legend.
Some poems have two different stanza shapes that again are repeated.
Some poems receive lower placement because they go on too long to sustain interest.
Some poems refer to family members both living and dead.
Some poems show the antics of the devout, some the wiles of the devilish.
Some poems stand out.
Some poems swoop across the page.
Poemes pour une histoire .
Poesies latentes .
Poesy is a genre
Some poesy rounds it out.
A poet is an author
POET also allows the user access to a collection of data mining and querying tools.
POET also allows, for queries, to type collections in the configurations file.
POET differs from other organizational capacity assessment tools in several ways.
Poet has buyer solutions .
Poet have less written up in research literature.
POET is available for nearly all platforms.
Poet is our narrator, telling the story from long after it is over.
Poet is worth the admission.
Poet isa author.
Poet isa writer.
Poet knows about electronics and can diagnose electrical flows.
Poet looks at attempts to change the apartheid system, and shows how they make no real difference.
POET offers limited technical support during evaluation.
Poet promises to tell the beginning and end of the story.
POET releases XML DB demo.
Poet turns to the list of possible suspects.
Poet uses multiple themes at recent poetry reading.
Poet writes about how the specials grew into their powers.
Poets achieve less with all their rhyme and rage.
Poets affect readers.
Poets are a gift from above.
Poets are all very human.
Poets are always welcome at the open mike, which precedes and follows feature.
Poets are among nature's most accomplished seduction artists.
Poets are among the most enlightened people.
Poets are artists.
Poets are as given.
Poets are authors.
Poets are bearers of truth and light.
Poets are born, orators are made, quippers are off-shoots.
Poets are contemplatives by vocation, for whom the world is the vehicle of the soul's awakening.
Poets are creators, expressing feelings and emotions from their own mind.
Poets are creatures of disillusion.
Poets are dangerous.
Poets are deep.
Poets are in the business of transformation.
Poets are interesting people.
Poets are just as eager to show their work to a peer.
Poets are like baseball pitchers.
Poets are like prophets who bring new thought to people.
Poets are located in book stores.
Poets are located in classrooms.
Poets are located in gardens.
Poets are located in homes.
Poets are located in libraries.
Poets are located in poetry reading.
Poets are located in studies.
Poets are located in universities.
Poets are major, fully acknowledged or meteors, never prophetic.
Poets are makers, they say.
Poets are mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.
Poets are no angels.
Poets are no more or less credible, regardless of the greatness of the work.
Poets are patients, survivors, spouses, family members, friends and health practitioners.
Poets are primarily concerned with language.
Poets are so generous.
Poets are sometimes in too much haste to praise.
Poets are soon provok'd.
Poets are terrible romanticists in the matter of the affections.
Poets are the lawgivers of the ages.
Poets are the leaven in the lump of civilization.
Poets are the most difficult, but they earn the least money.
Poets are the most optimistic of people.
Poets are the property of the poet.
Poets are the unacknowledged legislators of the world.
Poets are the unofficial legislators of the world.
Poets are thoroughly unreliable travellers.
Poets are used for rhymings.
Poets are very eccentric creatures at times.
Poets are very well fitted for writing poetry.
Poets are writers.
Poets ask the king for heaps of things.
Poets assume editors have poor taste, but sometimes they do know something.
Poets build on the efforts of other poets.
Poets can adopt any look they desire and it's appropriate.
Poets can also achieve the opposite effect with metonymy.
Poets can be very important to a community.
Poets can compete individually or in teams.
Poets can do the same thing.
Poets can enter as many poems as they choose.
Poets can express insanity.
Poets can only stand so much quotidian writing.
Poets can post their work and a short bio.
Poets can project the dream of ecologically grounded culture.
Poets can spend all day on one word.
Poets can use language which enables the reader to see, hear, and feel.
Poets can use the program to combat writer's block.
Poets check their winter coats like saddles in a summer barn.
Poets choose particular words and structures of words to compress the meaning they wish to create.
Poets cited here represent a broad spectrum of the literary scene, past and present.
Poets come from another galaxy.
Poets communicate it, some extremely well.
Poets compare the walking of women to that of an antelope.
Poets compete for prizes and points.
Poets considers any style of writing.
Poets covered are mainly British or American.
Poets create words.
Poets crush words.
Poets deal in images far and wide.
Poets die by their hands but live by their words.
Poets do get collections of poetry published.
Poets do have that particular talent.
Poets doin' their thing without strings, smoke, or mirrors.
Poets don t merely write poetry . . .
Poets express discoveries of likenesses through figures of speech like simile and metaphor.
Poets face resistance from the public, their publishers and even their peers.
Poets generally have to pursue other avenues to make ends meet.
Poets generally tend to agonize over each and every word.
Poets glorify a woman's body.
Poets go from bad to verse.
Poets have (part) arms.
Poets have (part) body substances.
Poets have (part) cell membranes.
Poets have (part) cells.
Poets have (part) corpi.
Poets have (part) cytoplasm.
Poets have (part) heads.
Poets have (part) human bodies.
Poets have (part) legs.
Poets have (part) material bodies.
Poets have (part) necks.
Poets have (part) nuclei.
Poets have (part) personality.
Poets have (part) plasma membranes.
Poets have (part) sections.
Poets have (part) vacuoles.
Poets have a few rules such as a time limit, no props or costumes and no musical accompaniment.
Poets have no money though.
Poets have no special claim on wisdom, sensitivity, or any facet of existence.
Poets have pen and ink.
Poets have poems, statesmen have history books, and lesser mortals have progeny.
Poets have the luxury of inventing the myths they write about.
Poets have things to say.
Poets have three minutes to read or perform an original creation.
Poets have to be direct.
Poets have to be the five senses of their readers.
Poets have to come up with the vision and they have to turn it on so it sparks and catches hold.
Poets have to create their own footpads.
Poets have to pay real attention to the fact of other bodies.
Poets have tough days, even ice cream men have tough days.
Poets have words.
Poets have work to do if reclamation and healing can occur.
Poets interact only with other poets.
Poets is purely an electronic production.
Poets is updated every three or four months.
Poets know that their music rests in the syllables and combinations of the words.
Poets like to let things sink in.
Poets like to use centered stuff at times.
Poets listen to the rain and hear a metaphor for a broken heart.
Poets look differently at the world.
Poets love each other's company, and they love an audience.
Poets love to play with the nuances in words, with connotations, with layered meaning.
Poets make choices about which words to use, and their choices carry meaning.
Poets make uneasy pagans.
Poets meet so many rejections in their work.
Poets paint with words.
Poets perform their original work for open critique by audience members.
Poets pound their brain just to describe the rose.
Poets prove freedom by living it daily.
Poets read their works on the village green, and writers write in tiny cabins and drafty farmhouses.
Poets read works in their original languages, followed by translations in English and French.
Poets recall their affair.
Poets recite to packed soccer stadiums.
Poets retain all other rights.
Poets retain all rights.
Poets seem to like explaining how land is formed out of the sea.
Poets select three of their poems to read aloud, one piece for each round.
Poets share their poetry among an appreciative audience.
Poets share their work in a friendly atmosphere.
Poets sign up to read at the door.
Poets sip coffee for hours in booths penning haiku.
Poets speak of life and death .
Poets speak with Moyers about their work, their lives, and their creativity.
Poets stand up and give a five minute explanation to a one minute poem.
Poets start publishing in periodicals.
Poets still face an uphill battle.
Poets submit their favourite original poems, prose or rhymes for possible publication online.
Poets submit up to three poems to be judged.
Poets take a part of the responsibility for describing the time-track of civilization.
Poets take the stage whenever the moment's right.
Poets tend to generate little money from poetry itself, save in comparatively rare cases.
Poets tend to have a hard time making money.
Poets therefore take part in the divine act of creation.
Poets think to themselves about life, love, the seasons, a river, whatever.
Poets thrive on the stimulation created by good book reviews.
Poets traditionally are masters of metaphor.
Poets try to exploit the farthest edges of our language and to express what seems inexpressible.
Poets use all kinds of words when they write.
Poets use figurative language almost as frequently as literal language.
Poets use fresh, unconventional diction and syntax.
Poets use habits.
Poets use letters to show the pattern of rhyme.
Poets use punctuation and the shape of the poem on the page to help the reader.
Poets use representations.
Poets use techniques such as tautologies.
Poets use words to formulate alliteration in the same manner artists weave lines to create mood.
Poets walk into libraries and inspire people to place their arms around their own muse.
Poets wish to fly.
Poets write of it.
Poets write songs to be sung in rhythm to musical instruments.
Poets always return in the flesh, or on paper.
Poets always share the same boat, always baling out.
Poets always tell the truth.
Poets often adopt different imaginative personalities to communicate their themes.
Poets often have much to offer in the way of defending and promoting First Amendment freedoms.
Poets often refer to their verses as their children.
Poets usually use metaphors but also politicians, opinion-makers and rock singers.
All poets are mad.
All poets are unemployed nowadays.
All poets are welcome to read their works.
All poets are welcome.
All poets are, to some extent, romantic poets.
All poets believe it does.
All poets do.
All poets read in first round.
All poets seem to want to talk about it.
All poets welcome to sign up for slamming.
All poets welcome.
Any poet is eligible to be featured once during any calendar year.
Any poet knows that such a question is unanswerable.
Every poet has certain poems that readers think of first.
Every poet is a thief They all kill their inspiration and sing about their grief.
Every poet is affected by other poets, and vice versa.
Every poet is given three minutes to read an original poem.
Every poet is influenced by others, some much more so than most.
Every poet is salted with fire.
Every poet is tortured with the necessity of fitting matter to form.
Many poets draw on life experiences to use in their writing.
Many poets never publish their work.
Many poets tie the knot well, but unravel it ill.
Many poets translate or write literary biography and criticism.
Many poets write pieces that they perform.
Most poets are fortunate if they are remembered for having written one good line.
Most poets are, by nature, an insecure lot.
Most Poets become teachers following an academic path.
Most poets define poetry by creating it.
Most poets do write though, with the aspiration of fame and acclaim.
Most poets do.
Most poets go through a phase in which they tinker with photocopiers.
Most poets have other jobs.
Most poets teach in some way.
Most poets use habits.
Most poets use representations.
Some poets actually say they don t revise, don t believe in revising.
Some poets are explicitly doubtful about the benefits of travel.
Some poets are more interested in exercising their skill than in seeking to please readers.
Some poets are perfect for reading at the beach.
Some poets create images.
Some poets describe bears.
Some poets describe polar bears.
Some poets do carry people over the sea.
Some poets go from bad to verse.
Some poets live all their lives in fresh water.
Some poets live all their lives in salt water.
Some poets pay very close attention to the world and try to represent it verbally.
Some poets rise and fall in their acclaim over time.
Some poets say it's a function of the city itself, which is also very segregated.
Some poets spend part of their lives in salt water and part in fresh water.
Some poets talk about closing the circle in their poetry.
Some poets try to write every day.
Some poets write all their correspondence in poetic form.
Some poets write from imagination to create a great poem.
Some poets write of flowers in the spirit of botanists.
Poetic art is stochastic.
Poetic commitment works in two ways.
Poetic diction can also mean the sum of the favorite words used by a particular poet.
Poetic diction is all wrong.
Poetic expression can deceivingly decorate some of the greatest bunk imaginable.
Poetic Form Check out meter , rhyme , and rhythm .
Poetic forms are useful here.
Any poetic form is accepted.
Poetic justice is a result
Poetic justice is the only kind available to plants.
Poetic justice is, of course, in the offing.
Poetic justice prevails.
Poetic knowledge is born in the great silence of scientific knowledge.
Poetic knowledge is prophetic, Eternal knowledge set to the music of words.
Poetic language draws attention to itself, that is, to the hierarchy of signifiers.
Poetic language is contemplative expression.
Poetic licence is one thing, cinematic licence far cheaper.
Poetic lyrics reflect a believer's heart and mind.
Poetic moments occur in ordinary language, too, but less frequently than they do in therapy.
Poetic phrases say more than what they actually describe.
Poetic projects are often unsuccessful because the project overwhelms the poetry.
Poetic purity is heightened with spiritual experience.
Poetic sensitivity resembles nothing so much as a kind of garrulous petulance, a mannerism.
Poetic speech is formed speech.
Poetic text describes the cycle of day from morning to night.
Poetic thought can remain on a single concept without interruption.
Any poetic translation is typically a compromise.
Most poetic verses have two lines and the second line restates the thought of the first.
Poetic vision can break down many barriers besides language.
Many poetical favors are under consideration.
Poetical texts are recursive structures built out of complex networks of repetition and variation.
Poetry collections are difficult to sell, especially to fellow poets.
Poetry collections top the best-seller list here.
Poetry of witness presents the reader with an interesting interpretive problem.
Poetry reading begins.
Poetry reading can be a tremendous bonding experience.
Poetry reading is a fabulous way to teach presentation skills and build confidence.
Poetry reading is located in bookstores.
Poetry readings are a hard thing to gauge.
Poetry readings are important because poetry is an oral art that precedes writing.
Poetry readings are notoriously unpredictable when it comes to attendance.
Poetry readings are now a major part of our literary landscape.
Poetry readings arouse interest as well, people stop and listen with interest and respect.
Poetry readings draw enthusiastic audiences from surrounding communities.
Poetry readings is seen as a place to socialize, interact, and find potential rising talents.
Poetry slam is the competitive art of performance poetry.
Poetry slams are the focus of a growing creative community.
Poetry slams are to poems what extreme sports are to cricket.
Poetry therapy allows self-expression and exploration.
Poetry therapy is like pet therapy, which uses animals to help people feel better.
Poetry affirms our soul and humanity.
Poetry aligned with specific melodies and rhythm makes up the 'corpus' of Yemeni vocal music.
Poetry allows the reader the opportunity to explore language in a different and creative way.
Poetry also accepts orders by mail with a check or money order.
Poetry also calls for self-criticism, which becomes essential as a writer's talents develop.
Poetry also has meter.
Poetry also makes one a compulsive reviser.
Poetry also offers a rich resource of selections.
Poetry annihilates the spirit, then mankind . . .
Poetry appears from the very beginning of practice as capping phrases used in koan study.
Poetry asks for an audience.
Poetry Be poetic.
Poetry becomes the connection between a simple postman and a renowned poet.
Poetry becomes their connection.
Poetry becomes voice-over narration.
Poetry begins in delight and ends in wisdom.
Poetry best shifts our focus toward the physical material of language by making audible rhythm.
Poetry brings readers new understanding of the world.
Poetry brings similitude and representation to configurations waiting from forever to be spoken.
Poetry brings things out of some people, and thus acts as a force in decision making.
Poetry builds verbal skills by helping children look at communication and words in a fun, new way.
Poetry calls for hermeneutical caution.
Poetry calls upon feelings, life, religious beliefs, social conventions, etc.
Poetry calls upon the full content, the total complex, of each word.
Poetry can aid in the development of children s language.
Poetry can also focus completely on clear descriptive writing and sharp images.
Poetry can be a love poem, a song, a depression poem, or anything like that.
Poetry can be a means of artistic expression and personal discovery.
Poetry can be a means to search for truth, for the truth that can be embodied by our actions.
Poetry can be a source of wisdom and encouragement.
Poetry can be an outlet for any emotion.
Poetry can be anything the writer wants it to be.
Poetry can be double or single spaced.
Poetry can be fun.
Poetry can be hard to approach unguided.
Poetry can be highly personal and abstract, or it can be concrete and immediate.
Poetry can be intensely visual, but it also has a music to it.
Poetry can be popular when it is presented in the right way.
Poetry can be silly or serious.
Poetry can be unnerving.
Poetry can bring a lot to science, without sentimentality.
Poetry can capture the things that children experience.
Poetry can come from anything with the stuff of revelation in it.
Poetry can convey an artist's abstraction of a person, an event or a scene to another.
Poetry can deepen their students' experiences of wonder, inquiry and response.
Poetry can do so much in such a little space, and in the most unlikely places.
Poetry can do that to one.
Poetry can go beyond the surface without taking forever to read.
Poetry can heal.
Poetry can help students write clearer, more exciting essays.
Poetry can help with that.
Poetry can immortalise things and people.
Poetry can indeed be difficult to explain to children.
Poetry can inspire a spark or fan an already burning flame of love.
Poetry can inspire, move and stir to action.
Poetry can make the reader laugh, cry, and feel a connection to the writer.
Poetry can make waiting rooms more human.
Poetry can only give pain a garment.
Poetry can prescribe the medicine our sickness needs.
Poetry can provide an aesthetic dimension to the theme study topic.
Poetry can reflect changes.
Poetry can safeguard the spirit in times of war and plague and societal strife.
Poetry can say much in just few sentences or phrases.
Poetry can say so much in just so few sentences or phrases.
Poetry can shed light on confusion, loneliness, hopefulness, anger, sadness.
Poetry can speak for a people and to a people if only given the chance.
Poetry can take root anywhere and there are some poets who flourish in a university environment.
Poetry can turn on the light and deepen meaning as nothing else can.
Poetry can turn on the light, deepen meaning as nothing else can.
Poetry can, like pottery be the affirmation of the unity of the human with the natural world.
Poetry chooses people, as much people choose to be poets.
Poetry comes from stolen moments.
Poetry comes in all shapes and forms.
Poetry comes in all shapes, sizes and styles.
Poetry comes nearer to vital truth than history.
Poetry comes out when the soul opens up out through the mind.
Poetry comes when it comes.
Poetry commands a wide audience in Iran, where sales of other books are comparatively small.
Poetry composed in English has a number of masterpieces drawn from poems in other languages.
Poetry contest people write in haiku verse, a lot of winners.
Poetry contests every month, paying cash prizes.
Poetry conveys meaning beyond our literal reach.
Poetry creates an experience that the audience lives.
Poetry deals with language, structure, voice and meaning - the essentials of literature.
Poetry demands a higher degree of literacy and has a smaller number of applicants.
Poetry demands the constant abandonment of place, of moment, of self.
Poetry demands the human voice to sing it, and demands the audience to hear it.
Poetry depends upon intellectual freedom.
Poetry depicts the soul of the nation and the memory permeated with the tragedy of history.
Poetry disclaims it.
Poetry Does It.
Poetry does more than just rhyme.
Poetry dramatizes a science theme on endangered species and makes it unforgettable.
Poetry drives women wild.
Poetry emphasizes clear, effective expression in poetic form.
Poetry encourages readers to appreciate language and expand their vocabularies.
Poetry engages language at the highest level.
Poetry even serves a role in music, and it has a well-established place in language arts education.
Poetry excites young learners in a way no other kind of language can.
Poetry exercises and stimulates the mind in ways no technology can.
Poetry expresses the universal while history expresses the particular or actual.
Poetry features prominently, and there are several forms of poetry unique to Burmese literature.
Poetry features videos of New York City performances.
Poetry feeds the immortal soul.
Poetry feels like the anticipation of the end of a good novel.
Poetry flows from our most intense emotions.
Poetry flows like uh haht monituh.
Poetry Generate random poetry.
Poetry Get links to anthologies, epic poetry, poets, sonnets and more.
Poetry goes back to the beginning of our history, and music is part of society.
Poetry goes beyond a national declaration.
Poetry goes to bed.
Poetry happens most persuasively when passion and art fuse.
Poetry has a foreign ear, a foreign tongue to conversation, to speaking.
Poetry has a strong social, romantic, sentimentalist and sometimes heroic value.
Poetry has a thing or two to learn.
Poetry has a wealth of information and beautiful presentations for the serious seeker.
Poetry has an immediate effect.
Poetry has command of the theatrical, the romantic and the comic.
Poetry has for a long time playeda central role in Swahili society.
Poetry has good web connections, too.
Poetry has impact.
Poetry has more than two poems now.
Poetry has no impact on people.
Poetry has no serious claim to be valued as an apprehension of truth.
Poetry has no style or length requirements.
Poetry has no takers any more.
Poetry has saints.
Poetry has such an ability to move a reader with music, beauty, fantasy and reality.
Poetry has the most submissions.
Poetry has to be exciting for the poet before anyone else can enjoy it.
Poetry helps readers identify with people, situations, and other beings.
Poetry helps readers share feelings, experiences, and visions with others.
Poetry helps, but only if people read it.
Poetry here is alive and in contact with everything possible.
Poetry here is different from poetry in Bosnia.
Poetry here is simply all the fact.
Poetry implies, prose explains.
Poetry includes anything and everything.
Poetry includes both tragedy and comedy, but the portion on comedy has been lost for the most part.
Poetry includes much metaphor , usually more than prose .
Poetry includes much metaphor, usually more than prose.
Poetry includes such subgenres as epic, lyric, sonnet, etc.
Poetry includes traditional verse, dialectal poetry, limericks, and riddles.
Poetry inhabits the spaces between.
Poetry invigorates the mind like a wad of coca leaf.
Poetry Is - an attempt to define poetry.
Poetry is .
Poetry is a beautiful form of expressing feelings, and emotions.
Poetry is a book of light at night.
Poetry is a candle where other lights fail.
Poetry is a centaur.
Poetry is a collaborative enterprise involving the contributions of many people.
Poetry is a collection of original poetry.
Poetry is a comforting piece of fiction set to more or less lascivious music.
Poetry is a compression of language, and the movement in a poem is from idea to idea.
Poetry is a conversation begun in ancient times about what it means to be human.
Poetry is a conversation with the world.
Poetry is a dense and compact medium.
Poetry is a different animal.
Poetry is a double-edged sword.
Poetry is a dynamic force.
Poetry is a form of expression and one can tell a lot about a person by what they write.
Poetry is a form of expression.
Poetry is a form of rebellion against the decades of chaos in China.
Poetry is a form of writing that evokes images, emotions, and ideas and as well as tell stories.
Poetry is a form which works towards perfection, but no poem is ever perfect.
Poetry is a forum for the integrity of emotional, intuitive, and imagistic clarity.
Poetry is a free-floating subdivision.
Poetry is a friend, a constant companion.
Poetry is a fusion of dissonance and onomatopoeia.
Poetry is a fusion of the two faculties.
Poetry is a genre that the students have studied during library.
Poetry is a genre
Poetry is a gift economy.
Poetry is a good avenue for children to improve their reading skills and to open their imaginations.
Poetry is a great outlet, and the therapy it can provide is invaluable.
Poetry is a great vehicle for that.
Poetry is a great way for kids of any age to learn language.
Poetry is a great way to communicate ideas.
Poetry is a growth process, the same as in all forms of writing.
Poetry is a hand-tossed stone, a slow ripple in a still pond.
Poetry is a high house echoing with all the voices that ever said anything crazy or wonderful.
Poetry is a human connection that transcends pre-conceived assumptions.
Poetry is a kind of ingenious nonsense.
Poetry is a language of the old and the young.
Poetry is a language spoken to express one's opinions or feeling towards something.
Poetry is a language used in a special way.
Poetry is a language, a language of emotions.
Poetry is a life-cherishing force.
Poetry is a lonely art.
Poetry is a magical statement, full of power and vitality.
Poetry is a matter of feet, of counted feet, elastic shoe lace and worn out shoes.
Poetry is a mix of cadence and words, and music is a mix of cadence, words, melody and harmony.
Poetry is a moment of intimate contact.
Poetry is a natural asterisk, exploring that presence in language called undeveloped meaning.
Poetry is a natural introduction for young children, to spoken and written language.
Poetry is a natural part of our lives.
Poetry is a nice touch.
Poetry is a passion.
Poetry is a pathway.
Poetry is a phantom script telling how rainbows are made and why they go away.
Poetry is a place where ambivalence can live.
Poetry is a powerful healing tool.
Poetry is a powerful means of expression.
Poetry is a powerful means to communicate the human spirit.
Poetry is a precision instrument for recording man's reaction to life.
Poetry is a profoundly conservative use of language.
Poetry is a repository of experience and wisdom.
Poetry is a responsible attempt to understand the world in human terms.
Poetry is a revealing of the self to the self.
Poetry is a rich source of image-evoking language.
Poetry is a ritual of sound draped over light.
Poetry is a science.
Poetry is a series of explanations of life, fading off into horizons too swift for explanations.
Poetry is a shot in the dark.
Poetry is a sigh that dries the tears.
Poetry is a simple and beautiful way to express a truth.
Poetry is a sliver of the moon lost in the belly of a golden frog.
Poetry is a sofa full of blind singers who have put aside their canes.
Poetry is a source of emotion.
Poetry is a spirit who swells in the soul, whose nourishment is the heart, whose wine is affection.
Poetry is a spiritual thing, it has to appeal to the intellect, and it's an art.
Poetry is a substitute for the impossible.
Poetry is a subversive raid upon the forgotten language of the collective unconscious.
Poetry is a succession of questions which the poet constantly poses.
Poetry is a system for reading.
Poetry is a text with a real voice.
Poetry is a therapeutic outlet for emotional and physical pain.
Poetry is a three-dimensional enigma.
Poetry is a thriving medium of expression, with a great community on the Internet.
Poetry is a tough sell.
Poetry is a transfer of potency.
Poetry is a unique medium.
Poetry is a universal language.
Poetry is a universal vehicle for communicating thought and feeling.
Poetry is a vehicle for music, memory and history that at one time existed through oral traditions.
Poetry is a very different kind of English.
Poetry is a very important endeavor.
Poetry is a very powerful tool for expressing what's inside our hearts and minds.
Poetry is a vital element of any culture.
Poetry is a vital tool for helping students understand and articulate human experience.
Poetry is a voice of dissent against the waste of words and the mad plethora of print.
Poetry is a way of taking life by the throat .
Poetry is a way of taking life by the throat.
Poetry is a way to use the language against itself.
Poetry is a whole other category which reveals the beauty and magnificence of words.
Poetry is a wonderful spiritual medium.
Poetry is a wonderful way of expressing innermost thoughts and feelings.
Poetry is about a writer sharing with the reader an experience or strong feelings.
Poetry is about being sufficiently alert to what's in the ordinary.
Poetry is about communication.
Poetry is about impediments.
Poetry is about language.
Poetry is about love.
Poetry is about nothing except itself.
Poetry is about people.
Poetry is about real emotions, insights, visions, understandings, experiences.
Poetry is about the creative present, and young people have to have a hand in making that present.
Poetry is absolutely resistant to that . . .
Poetry is acceptable.
Poetry is accepted, but only if it's really good.
Poetry is accessible.
Poetry is accidental.
Poetry is accompanied by a bio, a sample of the author's poetry, and links to related pages.
Poetry is Action.
Poetry is addressed to the mind through the heart.
Poetry is adolescence fermented and thus preserved.
Poetry is alive in most homes and people write more than ever.
Poetry is alive on the Internet.
Poetry is all about people.
Poetry is all over the Internet , of course.
Poetry is all things born with wings that sing.
Poetry is also a plus - preferably heavy on the sappy romance.
Poetry is also a very relaxing and peaceful hobby.
Poetry is also a wonderful way to introduce older students to age-appropriate but very simple text.
Poetry is also about pleasure the pleasure of symmetry, and of the new.
Poetry is also about words.
Poetry is also acceptable.
Poetry is also an important element in dispute mediation.
Poetry is also an integral part of the curriculum.
Poetry is also an intimate window into a person.
Poetry is also good, because it appeals to the child's ear.
Poetry is also welcome.
Poetry is always busy with light, glowing from the inside.
Poetry is always on the front of the profanity issue.
Poetry is always one of the subjects.
Poetry is among the most demanding and satisfying of human creations.
Poetry is an absolute necessity of our living because it delineates . . .
Poetry is an act of peace.
Poetry is an affair of sanity, of seeing things as they are.
Poetry is an age-old art.
Poetry is an Arab carrying colored rugs and birdcages through the streets of a great metropolis.
Poetry is an art .
Poetry is an art form.
Poetry is an art of time, as music is.
Poetry is an art practised with the terribly plastic material of human language.
Poetry is an art, and so it communicates.
Poetry is an art.
Poetry is an astral affliction.
Poetry is an awareness of what Nature is.
Poetry is an echo asking a show dancer to be a partner.
Poetry is an echo, asking a shadow to dance.
Poetry is an excellent panacea that can aid in healing for survivors of child abuse.
Poetry is an exciting way of expressing one's innermost thoughts.
Poetry is an expansion of emotional words.
Poetry is an expression of the deepest emotional climate.
Poetry is an image-making power in which words are set unchangeably in order.
Poetry is an important area of concentration in literature.
Poetry is an important backdrop to the movie.
Poetry is an important part of Japanese tradition.
Poetry is an integral force in the metaphysical and political lives of indigenous peoples.
Poetry is an integral part of our lives.
Poetry is another form of writing that has great potential for the gifted child.
Poetry is another passion common to most corvidophiles.
Poetry is another way to help students think through a concept.
Poetry is arranged in chronological order.
Poetry is art by means of words.
Poetry is art forms.
Poetry is art.
Poetry is as close as one can get to the music of one's soul.
Poetry is as common as flowers, as friendship, as loss, as evil, as good.
Poetry is as exact a science as geometry.
Poetry is as much a part of the universe as mathematics and physics.
Poetry is at bottom a criticism of life.
Poetry is available for all sorts of uses.
Poetry is available here .
Poetry is back.
Poetry is based on communal sources.
Poetry is based on the oldest oral traditions.
Poetry is beautiful when advancing the causes of peace, love and stability.
Poetry is beautiful.
Poetry is beyond words.
Poetry is black blood accumulated within the erectile tissue.
Poetry is both perception and the thing perceived.
Poetry is breath filling the lungs, blood pulsing in the veins.
Poetry is but one form of language, exressed either literally or metaphorically.
Poetry is cast in verse which in turn is set in lines.
Poetry is central to education, but irrelevant to training.
Poetry is certainty Baudelaire knew.
Poetry is combined with digitized film clips, sound clips, student interviews and student art work.
Poetry is communication.
Poetry is compensated on an individual basis, according to the use.
Poetry is complementary-gift items and awards for recognition are at a cost.
Poetry is connected with love, sexual attraction and the divine.
Poetry is coral reefs and labeled diamonds by mistake.
Poetry is dead.
Poetry is death.
Poetry is denied by displacement.
Poetry is designed to be read.
Poetry is different.
Poetry is difficult.
Poetry is discouraged.
Poetry is down there in the early years, down at the root of things.
Poetry is electric.
Poetry is elsewhere .
Poetry is energy and joy.
Poetry is especially wonderful.
Poetry is essential to the fabric of culture - and to the fabric of our lives.
Poetry is essentially our classical language.
Poetry is even more subject than prose to the stylistic idiosyncrasies of the translator.
Poetry is ever-changing.
Poetry is everywhere on the Web.
Poetry is exceptionally difficult to visualize.
Poetry is expensive.
Poetry is Explosion.
Poetry is far from being left out on the fringe.
Poetry is far more entertaining.
Poetry is far, far cries upon a beach at nightfall.
Poetry is first.
Poetry is food for the heart.
Poetry is for everybody, even if it's only a few phrases.
Poetry is for everyone and some of the best poetry comes from the mouthes of uninhibited children.
Poetry is for losers.
Poetry is for reading aloud, so there is a sound file for each poem.
Poetry is for sissies.
Poetry is formulaic language, a cure for blurting.
Poetry is fruit baskets in the winter.
Poetry is fundamental, honest and aware.
Poetry is fuzzy and impractical.
Poetry is generally too much work.
Poetry is good food.
Poetry is here, just here.
Poetry is high tech.
Poetry is humankind's first native language.
Poetry is in essence the same.
Poetry is in fact the original melting-pot.
Poetry is in the eye of the beholder.
Poetry is in the ivory tower.
Poetry is in the streets.
Poetry is in the universities, sheltered from the world.
Poetry is indeed self-expression, but expression to the reader.
Poetry is infused with endless ideas and enticing mysteries.
Poetry is intended to make one think.
Poetry is internalized.
Poetry is jazz to the soul.
Poetry is just another form of expression.
Poetry is just another form of writing and another way to communicate.
Poetry is just another word for creative writing.
Poetry is just the universe talking to itself in a way that human beings can understand.
Poetry is kept alive throughout the city by live performance.
Poetry is kittens that run from puppies that chase butterflies.
Poetry is language organized for aesthetic purposes.
Poetry is language that sounds better and means more.
Poetry is language.
Poetry is life distilled.
Poetry is like a rudder on a ship in a storm.
Poetry is like imagination.
Poetry is like that.
Poetry is like yoga for the soul.
Poetry is literary work.
Poetry is literature that links the reader to the true personality of the author.
Poetry is literature.
Poetry is located in bookstores.
Poetry is lost, but meaning maybecome more accessible.
Poetry is Love.
Poetry is made by dissolving halos in the ocean of sound.
Poetry is made by evaporating the liquid laughter of youth.
Poetry is made of night thoughts.
Poetry is made with the syllables of dreams.
Poetry is meant to be heard.
Poetry is metaphoric and heavily wrought with ambiguities.
Poetry is metrical verse.
Poetry is more a musical notation than a reasoned linguistic structure.
Poetry is more intense, more concentrated.
Poetry is more moving than philosophy.
Poetry is more philosophical than history, as the historian is trapped with facts.
Poetry is more self-consciously structured.
Poetry is more than meaning.
Poetry is more than rhyming lines, it is the essence and substance of life.
Poetry is more than therapy or a tool of self-knowledge.
Poetry is moss and muscle and numinousness.
Poetry is music.
Poetry is never a personal possession.
Poetry is never wrong but always right.
Poetry is no longer about reader identification but about author communication.
Poetry is no longer at a distance.
Poetry is no longer, never was in fact, the new rock and roll.
Poetry is no shameful disease.
Poetry is nothing but healthy speech.
Poetry is often about rebellion, challenging the status quo.
Poetry is often more than just simple rhymes.
Poetry is on of the greatest ways to express oneself.
Poetry is one form of communication that lends itself to creative thought transmission.
Poetry is one of the aspects of literature studied in the ninth grade.
Poetry is one of the destinies of speech. . . .
Poetry is one of the imperishable glories of traditional Chinese civilization.
Poetry is one of the most ancient and common forms of verbal expression.
Poetry is one of the noblest creations of the human mind.
Poetry is one person talking, whispering to another.
Poetry is only one of several contests open to festival-goers.
Poetry is only one section.
Poetry is ordinary language raised to the Nth power.
Poetry is organic, fluid, unpredictable.
Poetry is our basic connection between our sense of self and the cosmos.
Poetry is our history.
Poetry is our original language.
Poetry is out too.
Poetry is palpitation of the cosmogenesis, of the myth.
Poetry is parenthood and sleepless nights and too many dishes but wonderful meals.
Poetry is part craft, part quest.
Poetry is part of our language.
Poetry is part of our shared, communal life, as surely as is the Internet.
Poetry is participatory, it focusses on the feelings, on the co-discovery of truth.
Poetry is peace.
Poetry is physical, in every sense of the word.
Poetry is physical.
Poetry is pillow-thought after intercourse.
Poetry is pleasure.
Poetry is poetry.
Poetry is presented as subordinate in describing the next two powers as well.
Poetry is pretty famously a lonely art.
Poetry is printed on parchment and mounted in an attractive wood frame with acrylic cover.
Poetry is probably a more fitting title.
Poetry is published occasionally.
Poetry is quite different.
Poetry is read in verses.
Poetry is read, music is played, and mirth fills all.
Poetry is recited to the accompaniment of guitars and similar instruments.
Poetry is relegated to the role of a means of diversion.
Poetry is religion brought down to earth and it is of the essence of the Negro soul.
Poetry is revelation, poetry denudes.
Poetry is revolutionary.
Poetry is said to be the hardest literary form to translate adequately.
Poetry is separated into three pages.
Poetry is set out as poetry.
Poetry is silly.
Poetry is simply a convenient excuse for incoherence.
Poetry is simply a passion.
Poetry is so ultimately crucial to the heart.
Poetry is so useless absolutely no cash value.
Poetry is something children like intuitively.
Poetry is something else again.
Poetry is something more philosophic and or graver import than history.
Poetry is something more philosophical and more worthy of serious attention than history.
Poetry is something that is in the papers, and that is frequently cut out.
Poetry is spin in behalf of causes remote from wealth and power.
Poetry is spiritual.
Poetry is Spiritual.
Poetry is still closer to everyday Iran than it is in prosaic America.
Poetry is strong because it comes straight from the heart.
Poetry is sublime, when it awakens in the mind any great and good affection, as piety or patriotism.
Poetry is submitted to a separate board.
Poetry is supposed to reveal the universal in the particular.
Poetry is that which is worth translating.
Poetry is the achievement of the synthesis of hyacinths and biscuits.
Poetry is the affected expression of exaggerated sentiments.
Poetry is the alternate rap style.
Poetry is the anarchy of the senses making sense.
Poetry is the art of communicating ideas, impressions and feelings.
Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads.
Poetry is the art of fighting with appearances.
Poetry is the art of intimate speech, of real conversation .
Poetry is the art of uniting pleasure with truth, by calling imagination to the help of reason.
Poetry is the best use for the current bandwidth.
Poetry is the bill and coo of sex.
Poetry is the breath sharply inhaled, a catch in the throat.
Poetry is the business of a few, virtue and vice are the affair of all men.
Poetry is the capture of a picture, a song, or a flair, in a deliberate prism of words.
Poetry is the catalyst for the expression of the deepest human feelings.
Poetry is the cockpit of slanted souls.
Poetry is the common tongue as it appears in dreams.
Poetry is the crackling blaze in the cave.
Poetry is the darkness made light.
Poetry is the dialogue of statues.
Poetry is the distillation of articulate animals calling to each other over a great gulf.
Poetry is the distillation of the poet's perception and response to the world.
Poetry IS the dominating force.
Poetry is the encounter of the reader with the book, the discovery of the book.
Poetry is the epitome of that.
Poetry is the establishing of being by means of the word.
Poetry is the expression of one's very soul.
Poetry is the face behind the face of the race.
Poetry is the final gestalt of the imagination.
Poetry is the food for our soul as science is for the mind.
Poetry is the frustration of such limits.
Poetry is the greatest of arts.
Poetry is the hardest art of text to master.
Poetry is the heart expressing itself to the world.
Poetry is the highest form in the art of language.
Poetry is the journal of a sea animal living on land, wanting to fly the air.
Poetry is the language of intimacy.
Poetry is the language of mystics.
Poetry is the language of our inner-most thoughts and feelings put into words.
Poetry is the language of the future.
Poetry is the language of the gods.
Poetry is the language of the soul.
Poetry is the least honoured and the most respected of our art forms.
Poetry is the least informative genre to the casual reader about social circumstance.
Poetry is the meeting of minds and hearts.
Poetry is the most difficult form.
Poetry is the most difficult genre around.
Poetry is the most intense and muscial expression of language.
Poetry is the music of the heart, and out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
Poetry is the music of the soul, and, above all, of great and feeling souls.
Poetry is the music of words.
Poetry is the new weapon. .
Poetry is the only art form left to be discovered on a popular level.
Poetry is the ordinary stated in an extraordinary way.
Poetry is the parent of superstition.
Poetry is the persistent data format.
Poetry is the place where words are tamed and educated by being surprisingly placed.
Poetry is the product of earnest thought.
Poetry is the real subject of great prose.
Poetry is the record of the best and happiest moments of the happiest and best minds.
Poetry is the same.
Poetry is the saying of the unconcealdness of beings.
Poetry is the scholar's art.
Poetry is the shadow cast by our streetlight imaginations.
Poetry is the shook foil of the imagination.
Poetry is the soul of our life.
Poetry is the sound of words, a column of air, rhythms in language.
Poetry is the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings recollected in tranquility.
Poetry is the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings.
Poetry is the street talk of angels and devils.
Poetry is the sun streaming down in the meshes of morning.
Poetry is the thrill of a lighted window at night.
Poetry is the toughest of mediums for most folks to swallow.
Poetry is the voice of ones heart.
Poetry is the voice of the fourth person singular.
Poetry is the voice of the fourth-person singular.
Poetry is the voice within the voice of the turtle.
Poetry is the working of the soul.
Poetry is their preferred form of invocation.
Poetry is their vehicle of admission, then a closing page.
Poetry is therapy.
Poetry is timeless.
Poetry is to be encouraged.
Poetry is to be heard.
Poetry is to be indented as poetry, and prose as prose.
Poetry is to be interpreted as poetry.
Poetry is too sacred a thing, too evanescent a being to be captured like that.
Poetry is truly a craft that has been handed down from generation to generation.
Poetry is truly spiritual.
Poetry is Truth.
Poetry is undoubtably in the upper echelons of high brow' culture.
Poetry is universal and transcendent, and appeals to the hearts of all people at the same level.
Poetry is unsigned.
Poetry is used as a formto communicate what one feels.
Poetry is used in every insatnce to explain each theory.
Poetry is used on a regular basis to strenghten all language skills.
Poetry is used to capture a range of issues.
Poetry is used.
Poetry is usually a cornerstone event at snowman burnings.
Poetry is usually compact, with much feeling and emotion in each phrase and line.
Poetry is usually highly imaged language, as is prophetic speech.
Poetry is value.
Poetry is very beautiful, but the space on the page can be as affecting as where the text is.
Poetry is very cool.
Poetry is very much a part of the popular culture.
Poetry is very much alive in Traverse City.
Poetry is very much loved by team members.
Poetry is visual-music and visual music is poetry, because it is associative.
Poetry is weak in face of the nuclear horror of Hiroshima.
Poetry is welcome as a performance art.
Poetry is well-represented on the Internet.
Poetry is what distinguishes good prose from bad prose.
Poetry is what exists between the lines.
Poetry is what is lost in translation.
Poetry is what moths hum as they circle the flame.
Poetry is what the poet writes or the audience claims as poetry.
Poetry is what the tenor is Of language sui generis .
Poetry is white nights and mouths of desire.
Poetry is word-music, an art which paints pictures with words and sounds.
Poetry is writing style.
Poetry is written In lines, standers, and prose.
Poetry is, above all, an approach to the truth of feeling.
Poetry is, after all, an oral tradition.
Poetry is, in a way, like shouting.
Poetry is, therefore, more philosophical and higher than history.
Poetry isa entity.
Poetry largely depends on luck.
Poetry lends itself to figurative language.
Poetry lets people express themselves.
Poetry links A collection of links to poetry through the centuries.
Poetry lives in complete calm through the centuries.
Poetry looks like a mysterious woman waiting for the A train.
Poetry looks like a person who is happy.
Poetry looks like something smooth guiding a boat through smooth waves.
Poetry makes it easier to breathe.
Poetry makes nothing happen, yet men die miserably every day for lack of what is found there.
Poetry makes nothing happen.
Poetry makes the deeds of past heroes more clear and vivid and so more memorable.
Poetry makes up the bulk of the magazine, with only a few pieces that can be considered essays.
Poetry makes words count for something.
Poetry means the same thing to everyone.
Poetry means to reconstruct the world in one's head every morning again.
Poetry needs an alternative to itself.
Poetry needs bursts of energy and often depends on luck.
Poetry needs harmony to balance the reason and imagination.
Poetry needs that movement to stay alive.
Poetry never says anything meaningful.
Poetry note cards and greeting cards are also available.
Poetry occupies a special place in the hearts of poets.
Poetry offers a higher plane of regard.
Poetry offers a kind of sanctuary in the doom of our ugly, commercial world.
Poetry offers a more concise form of that inner drama than prose.
Poetry offers great insight into the human condition.
Poetry offers insight.
Poetry offers tangible returns on investment of time by bestowing clarity of mind.
Poetry offers truths based on intuition, a keen eye, and the tumultuous experiences of the poet.
Poetry opens different windows than analysis.
Poetry operates on a small scale.
Poetry organizes the rhythms, but the rhythms themselves are based on the natural flow of speech.
Poetry pages only.
Poetry Pals the place for poetry written by children.
Poetry pays in copies.
Poetry pays infinite intrinsic rewards and few, if any, external ones.
Poetry plays a big part in China's education, a lot more than in America.
Poetry plays an important role in our literacy program.
Poetry points to metaphor.
Poetry prefers a stage to a podium.
Poetry presents the thing in order to convey the feeling.
Poetry produces live theatre and poetry events.
Poetry promises nothing.
Poetry provides a language for the emotions, a way to express joy, gratitude, grief, sadness.
Poetry provides one way of saying one thing and meaning another.
Poetry provides readers with knowledge about concepts in the world.
Poetry provides the one permissible way of saying one thing and meaning another.
Poetry provides the same kind of release.
Poetry published in previous months is listed by author in the author index .
Poetry question first.
Poetry ranges from wacky to morose, depending on the mood of the web page programmer.
Poetry reading features students' work.
Poetry really needs to be heard.
Poetry refers to the senses.
Poetry reflects diversity .
Poetry reflects emotional input from the author through use of meaning, sound, and rhythm.
Poetry remains in critical condition.
Poetry remains the prime focus, with rare literature more focal than the rare edition.
Poetry requires the courage to believe in nothing except the infinite possibilities of the poetic.
Poetry results from the interplay of the imagination and reality.
Poetry rewards a lot of reading and thinking.
Poetry see ch.
Poetry See separate list .
Poetry seems to be booming in England as in Australia.
Poetry seems to come before identity politics.
Poetry seems to favor the expression of ideas in purposefully complex and equivocal language.
Poetry shows how synchronicity works in the world.
Poetry skips a beat and compresses the world.
Poetry slamming and spoken word are on the rise.
Poetry smells like being refreshed and smooth like snuggles.
Poetry smells like the aroma of a different country.
Poetry speaks when it is truth.
Poetry springs out of general human needs and desires at every level.
Poetry Start from within and use the power of words to reveal the poet's vision.
Poetry starts from music.
Poetry stems from an oral tradition.
Poetry surpasses prose in syntactic plasticity, but regular meter and rhyme are still encumb-rances.
Poetry sweeps onward by the swift flight of the imagination.
Poetry take on many form but it yet remains poetry.
Poetry takes many forms and expresses many ideas.
Poetry tastes like a peach smooth and sweet.
Poetry tastes like fresh air.
Poetry teaches the enormous force of a few words.
Poetry tends to make greater use of parallelism, imagery, etc.
Poetry tends toward the least line of resistance.
Poetry trains a sense for language's beauty while developing memory.
Poetry tries to be erotic but nothing like a good moonlight dance.
Poetry tries to find a voice rather than just chatter.
Poetry uses more imagery, is more condensed than prose.
Poetry uses the qualities of words, in different ways, to be artistic.
Poetry vibrates between two extremes.
Poetry wants time to write.
Poetry Works .
Poetry works differently.
Poetry works the same way.
Poetry works to reduce sound to silence.
Poetry writes twice, and produces another sound from the ordinary.
Poetry written by many famous poets provides opportunity to write twin poems.
Poetry always has a theme.
Poetry always has to take a backseat to more popular arts at home, too.
Poetry always reemerges from hibernation during such crises.
Poetry always remembers that it was an oral art before it was a written art.
Poetry often abounds in implications.
Poetry often asks more of the reader.
Poetry often captures both ordinary and significant life moments.
Poetry often exaggerates for artistic beauty.
Poetry often needs to be read aloud.
Poetry often repeats rhythmic structure.
Poetry sometimes comes nearly complete, a gift of the universe.
Poetry sometimes describes a very real feeling by linking together words in an unreal way.
Poetry sometimes is read and music played.
Poetry sometimes sparks more than the imagination.
Poetry usually highlights lofty or simplistic beauty.
Poetry usually requires some awareness of line, rhythm, meter, and sometimes rhyme.
All poetry comes from the heart, and is therefore valid.
All poetry depends from the impossible.
All poetry is copyrighted and protected by law.
All poetry is Copyrighted.
All poetry is emotional.
All poetry is experimental poetry.
All poetry is original.
All poetry is read in Spanish and discussed in English or Spanish.
All poetry is religious.
All poetry is reviewed before being placed on the site.
All poetry is subject to copywrite laws.
All poetry published here is property of the author to whom it was created.
Any poetry presented here remains the property of the Author.
More poetry now exists in The Writing on the Wall .
Most poetry is meant to be read aloud.
Most poetry is pedestrian.
Most poetry written at any given time is bad, and all poetry written at any given time is new.
Much poetry is made up of regular sentences.
Some poetry is a chapel of peace.
Some poetry is copyrighted.
Some poetry is dressed in knowledge and art.
Some poetry is formal, fitting specific ryming schemes and or specific rhythmic schemes.
Some poetry is included as well.
Some poetry is included, selected pieces, that is all.
Some poetry just has to be let out.
Some poetry sounds chords that set the air on fire.
Poets today draw freely on philisophical, theoretical, and literary writings of other languages.
Poety competitions begin.
Pogey bait can be a useful supplement to the military rations provided in the field.
Most pogie netting is done from the Carolinas northward.
Pogonophorans live a sedentary life in long, protective tubes on seafloors throughout the world.
A pogrom is persecution
Pogroms belong to the threatening, cruel domain of the East, to Russia and Ukraine and Belarus.
Pogroms drive the villagers from their sweet homes.
Poi container is microwaveable.
Poignant moments abound as caregivers cope with mixed feelings of anger, remorse, guilt and sadness.
Poignant penis is no use for hermits.
A poikilotherm is an animal
Poikilotherms allocate more energy to biomass production than to metabolism.
Poikilotherms are animals whose body temperature adjusts depending on the environment.
A poinsettia is a spurge
Poinsettia can cause drooling, oral pain, and vomitting.
Poinsettia cultivars differs in their response to molybdenum deficiency.
Poinsettia cultivars with dark foliage require less fertilizer levels than light foliage cultivars.
Poinsettia stems have a milky sap which irritates eyes and the digestive tract.
Poinsettias also can cause stomach upset, especially to cats.
Poinsettias also come in white, pink, yellow or marbled, but red is the most common color.
Poinsettias also represent a major floricultural crop in Texas.
Poinsettias are a favorite choice, or try something a bit more unusual like a cyclamen or kalanchoe.
Poinsettias are a major crop for the greenhouse industry.
Poinsettias are actually a beautiful and long-lived flowering plant for indoor use.
Poinsettias are actually small trees that belong to the Euphorbia plant family.
Poinsettias are available in red, pink, white, and gold.
Poinsettias are available with red, white, pink, peach, yellow, marbled, or bi-colored bracts.
Poinsettias are generally over-rated in toxicity.
Poinsettias are in flower when the pollen-bearing clusters are open.
Poinsettias are like thoroughbred horses, pretty but the parameters for care are narrow.
Poinsettias are lovely.
Poinsettias are native Mexican plants.
Poinsettias are native to Mexico, where it is hot during the winter.
Poinsettias are native to Mexico, where they grow wild.
Poinsettias are native to Mexico.
Poinsettias are notorious for dropping their lower leaves in the home.
Poinsettias are often deficient in calcium.
Poinsettias are Ohio's number one floriculture crop.
Poinsettias are on sale now.
Poinsettias are perhaps the most difficult flowering potted plants to rebloom indoors.
Poinsettias are photoperiodic, which means they get their color according to light.
Poinsettias are plants that show a photoperiodic response.
Poinsettias are plants.
Poinsettias are probably the favorite and most purchased of all holiday plants.
Poinsettias are really pretty.
Poinsettias are red.
Poinsettias are safe around children, but other holiday plants are poisonous.
Poinsettias are sensitive to cold weather.
Poinsettias are short day plants.
Poinsettias are short-day photoperiodic plants.
Poinsettias are susceptible at all stages of production.
Poinsettias are the best selling potted plant in the United States.
Poinsettias are usually in abundance, but shop early to get the brightest and biggest plants.
Poinsettias are very sensitive to cold temperatures.
Poinsettias are very sensitive to environment.
Poinsettias bloom according to day length.
Poinsettias bloom according to daylength.
Poinsettias bloom only when they experience long nights.
Poinsettias can also cause stomach upset, especially to cats.
Poinsettias can cause severe stomachaches if swallowed.
Poinsettias can cause stomach irritation in humans, and they can make pets very sick.
Poinsettias can cause stomach irritation.
Poinsettias come in three main colors Red, pink, and white.
Poinsettias do best in a sunny location away from heat sources or cold drafts.
Poinsettias do, however, produce flowers.
Poinsettias even come in hanging baskets.
Poinsettias have an undeserved reputation for being poisonous.
Poinsettias have higher molybdenum requirements than other crops.
Poinsettias initiate flowers when days become shorter than nights.
Poinsettias make a great gift for employees, patrons, and friends.
Poinsettias make beautiful house plants.
Poinsettias make beautiful houseplants for the holiday season.
Poinsettias make wonderful compost at the end of the holiday season.
Poinsettias placed on the south side of the house usually do well.
Poinsettias release a gas that can harm the plant.
Poinsettias require moderately moist soil.
Poinsettias require short days, long nights to trigger flowering.
Poinsettias require warmth.
Point bar is composed of silt and sand with some gravels at the extreme upper end of the bar.
Point bars are in the inside of meander loops.
Point bars look like small sandy beaches.
Point classification determines if a given point lies inside, on or outside of a surface.
Point classification is a good example.
Point code indicates the type of feature.
Point control exercises as a team.
Point counts are a standard technique used by ornithologists.
Point counts are small so that the sculpting process is less confusing.
Any point count is possible.
Point defects are at the heart of many other photonic crystal devices, such as channel drop filters.
Point defects are caused by damage.
Point defects are caused by radiation damage.
Point defects dominate many of the most important properties of insulators.
Most point defects are caused by damage.
Most point defects are caused by radiation damage.
Point deletions are always possible, but point compactification is silly.
Point elasticity measures the elasticity of demand at a specific point on the demand curve.
Point estimates are virtually never the objective of econometric analysis.
Point guard comes from Brooklyn via Massachusetts and Florida.
Point guard is a critical position.
Point guard is another questionable spot.
Point guard remains a huge question mark.
Point guards are probably the toughest players to come by.
Point guards are usually great at stealing the ball and creating havoc on defense.
Point guards can be small, but they have to be very fast and possess good ball-handling.
Point guards join the post players in the evening sessions for controlled scrimmages.
Point locations approximate towns center.
Point mutation changes a single nucleotide and therefore changes a single specific codon.
Point mutation is an occurrence
Point mutation is mutation.
Point mutations affect individual genes, whereas chromosomal alterations affect many genes.
Point mutations are particularly important for oral cancer development.
Point mutations are single-base changes in a gene's DNA sequence.
Point mutations are the most commonly occuring type or mutation but are by no means the only kind.
Point mutations are the rarest form of mutation.
Point mutations are the result of the substitution of a single base.
Point mutations can have a significant impact on phenotype, as in the case of sickle-cell disease.
Point mutations can result from errors in DNA replication or from environmental effects.
Point mutations change a nucleotide single base pair.
Point mutations have the same rates.
Point mutations involve substitution of one or a few bases through replication errors.
Point mutations occur before and during DNA replication.
Point mutations occur when a single base pair of a gene is changed.
Point mutations result in the substitution of one amino acid for another.
Some point mutation causes elevation.
Some point mutation has effects.
Some point mutation has little effects.
Some point mutation has minimal effects.
Some point mutation occurs in code regions.
Some point mutation occurs in regions.
Point objects are immutable.
Point of articulation is given by naming the lower and the upper articulators .
Point of contact is Julian.
Point of contact is the undersigned.
Points of contact are at attachment one.
Points of contact can provide the raw materials for the building of such a bridge.
Points of contact can supply more information.
Every point of contact is a potential place for water to condense.
A point of entry is a port
Any point of entry is possible and all choices are arbitrary.
Point of failure is established for cast iron or ductile iron when the first fracture appears.
Any point of failure brings about a curse.
Points of inflection occur where the graph of f changes concavity.
Points of information are particularly useful for rebuttal.
Points of information are very important.
Points of interest are a zoological park, the cathedral, and presidential palace.
Points of interest are below.
Points of interest are the ttl and time listings.
Every point of interest is easily accessible.
Many points of interest are accessible for the casual or seasoned walker.
Many points of interest are on more than one route.
Many points of interest are within easy reach of the park.
Most points of interest have a sign or monument.
A point of intersection is a point
Point of intersection is epicenter.
Points of light can become too small and color perception reduced.
Point of order is order
Point of Order point out a breach of rules, to insist upon enforcement.
Points of order are now over.
Points of order are to be raised only in English.
Points of order is order.
Points of presence receive calls through a switched network.
Point of purchase stands for display at our offices or stores.
Point of tangency represents shear and normal stresses on the failure plane at failure.
A point of view is a position
Point of view can all too easily become bias.
Point of view can also be omniscient or limited omniscient.
Point of View covers the most pressing issues from a Christian perspective.
Point of view governs the reader's access to the story.
Point of view imposed is from the executive's desk.
Point of view is a sophisticated concept that is tough for some kids to get.
Point of view is also related to who is telling the story.
Point of view is an important literary element when writing for children.
Point of view is an important spatial relationship concept.
Point of view is another problem for writers.
Point of view is clear.
Point of view is controlled.
Point of view is critical.
Point of view is influenced by one's perspective, status, and values.
Point of view is more than just an 'opinion'.
Point of view is powerful.
Point of view is that of a U.S.-based Indian writer and photographer traveling in Trinidad.
Point of view is what successful media have trafficked in for centuries.
Point of view is who tells the story.
Point of View offers several positions on the free-access scholarly journal debate.
Point of view refers to the perspective taken.
Point of view refers to the position from which the story is told.
Point of view refers to who tells the story.
Point of view stressed is senior level management responsible for policy-making function.
Point of view varies from limited to omniscient.
Points of view are either right or wrong.
Points of view are positions.
Points of view make all the difference.
All points of view are equally likely to be offended and insulted.
All points of view are expressions of aspects of the manifestation of truth.
All points of view are important if there is to be success.
All points of view are valid and the parties work together to create a solution.
All points of view are welcome and submissions are requested.
All points of view are welcome to the discussion.
All points of view are welcome.
All points of view are well represented here.
All points of view are worthy of being discussed.
Any point of view is fine.
Every point of view has merit.
Every point of view has some merit.
Every point of view is valuable.
Every point of view needs to be in the dialog and there can never be a final set of boundaries.
Some points of view are quite extreme.
Point Park is located at the end of East Brow Road.
Point Park is on the northeastern tip of Lookout Mountain.
Point Points are the fundamental two-dimensional building block for geometric types.
Point pollution consists of chemicals that are dumped into the ocean through pipes from industries.
Point pollution is traceable directly to a source.
Point prevalence is a proportion.
Point prevalence is the proportion of a population with a disease at a specified point in time.
Point release is only somewhat good for the person who has the internet.
Point Retreat is located centrally to a wide variety of activities.
Point size is a measurement of the height of a font.
Point size is also important.
Point size is an important typesetting parameter.
Point size is the measured from the top of the ascender to the bottom of the descender.
Point sizes are relative to the output page size.
A point source is a source
Point source is also legally and more precisely defined in federal regulations.
Point sources are basically wastewater treatment plants.
Point sources are beginnings.
Point sources are directly attributable to one influence.
Point sources are fixed pollution sources such as electric power plants and refineries.
Point sources are generally far easier to identify and regulate than non-point sources.
Point sources are generally tall stacks located mostly in rural areas with NOx-rich emissions.
Point sources are generally water supplies with associated treatment plants.
Point sources are large localized sources like sewage treatment plants and industrial facilities.
Point sources are large stationary sources of emissions.
Point sources are pipes, culverts or similar single points from which phosphorus is released.
Point sources are places with a point of discharge, such as a pipe, directly into water bodies.
Point sources are relatively easy to control and regulate because of their known location.
Point sources are relatively easy to regulate.
Point sources are sources that have a specific location.
Point sources are stationary sources of emissions.
Point sources are typically industrial discharges of waste gases and aerosols to the atmosphere.
Point sources are typically large manufacturing or production plants.
Point Sources consist mainly of municipal and industrial wastewater discharges.
Point sources emanate from a single point, generally a pipe.
Point sources emit sound.
Point sources have a number of important regulatory distinctions.
Point sources have an identifiable origin point from which the contaminant originates.
Point sources have extent.
Point sources have less leakage in unwanted FP orders than extended sources.
Point Sources Investigate and determine actions to reduce pollution from sewage treatment plants.
Point sources refer to oil refineries, incinerators, chemical plants, etc.
Many point sources dispose of their wastewater via pipe discharges to a nearby water body.
Most point sources emit sound.
Most point sources have extent.
Point style is an AutoCAD setting.
Point system is in effect three days.
Point system starts over at midterm.
Point systems are systems.
Point systems are writing systems.
Point systems exist for everything from technology to charting techniques to consultant utilization.
Any point system has to be adapted to the unique situation.
Point Village offers several dining options.
A point is an element
Point also uses stateful inspection.
Point appear beyond many parents either owe mingo junction hotels.
Point avoid England opposite that thirty within several prison.
Point being here is that the problem is much more pervasive than is acknowledged.
Point being, it is still relatively hard to find around town.
Point being, it s a natural human phenomenon.
Point being, it's really neat stuff.
Point being, it's subtle, very subtle, but enough to be noticed and worthy of comment.
Point blower away from people and pets.
Point can move.
Point click below to find the current activities.
Point click the affinity services links below for details.
Point counts with unlimited distance.
Point Defines a position in space.
Point Determines whether two points are equal.
POINt does it around the fixed ORIGin.
Point estimate The specific value taken as the estimate of a parameter.
Point extends  java.lang.
Point extends java.lang.
Point features present.
Point Given does well on the power side of the equation.
Point Given gets the outside again.
Point Given has a fabulous look.
Point Given has another obstacle.
Point Given has five wins and three seconds in eight starts.
Point Given has out there.
Point Given is a different animal.
Point Given is a four-legged dream for a jockey.
Point Given is a good horse and probably the best horse in the race.
Point Given is a little bit of a lazier horse.
Point Given is a magnificent-looking horse.
Point Given is disappointing fifth.
Point Given is physically the best horse in the field.
Point Given is several lengths back but is making up ground with every stride.
Point Given is the entire package.
Point Given is the even-money favorite.
Point Given is the horse right here.
Point Given is the obvious standout in the race, but there still are some other contenders.
Point Given is the star.
Point Given is too good.
Point Given ''likes to act up'' before a race.
Point Given looks like the one to beat.
Point Given owns five victories and three seconds in eight career starts.
Point Given s less experienced stablemate.
Point Given, however, rattles the faith.
Point goes to mendo.
Point has a small blue dot on it.
Point has a very small fire pop on one side.
Point has less obvious features such as multiple runway intersections.
Point has offices in Europe, North America and the Asia Pacific Region.
Point has precise cutting edges to improve drill performance with less effort.
Point have a lube-groove cut in for extra long life.
Point here picks up swell from just about any direction.
Point Includes mostly web sites.
Point is - they are everywhere.
Point is a term used by printers and refers to the height of the letters.
Point is acceptable for a particle.
Point is an important word.
Point is awarded to whoever scores first.
Point is considered as the polygon with no area.
Point is cut off-center by varying degrees to produce various effects.
Point is defined by delimiting meaning, by strictly excluding all other possibilities.
Point is denied.
Point is encoded as a single XY co-ordinate pair.
Point is everybody needs help.
Point is expressed in homogeneous coordinates.
Point is full of avid gardeners so strolling about the town is a complete delight.
Point is have primary media and secondary media targets.
Point is if someone care, truly cared they'd have made the effort a long time ago to keep in touch.
Point is left after that string.
Point is left after the start of the comment which is properly aligned.
Point is left at start of first duplicate word, and mark at the start of the second.
Point is left at the beginning of the mail text.
Point is left before the inserted text, the mark after.
Point is moved to the beginning of the next line, so that repeated d commands flag successive files.
Point is musicians get the ladies.
Point is now moot.
Point is one-hundredth of a carat.
Point is placed at the beginning of the narrowed buffer.
Point is point no matter how.
Point is positioned at the end of the last match.
Point is set to the start of the current subtree, and mark at the end.
Point is something within has just ended.
Point is still the same though.
Point is that a lot of computers are meant to break after a few years.
Point is that a lot of paint are lost because of tint from massive drums to small tare.
Point is that capital needs to block ability of workers to demand higher wages.
Point is that the commissioners want to help citizens.
Point is that the major religion of a society drives it to succeed or stagnate.
Point is that using the phone can be a valuable investigative tool.
Point is the non-profit foundation which runs all the Whole Earth activities.
Point is the second most critical and responsible position.
Point is there is a new breed of sniper that has little honor.
Point is to keep lowering bar and still slither under it, leaning backward.
Point is what to guess.
Point is, a definte buy.
Point is, a well-formed XML document by itself simply provides a way to structure data.
Point is, all southerners equally have deep roots and plenty of ancestors.
Point is, been there, done that.
Point is, check out the alternatives.
Point is, column is good.
Point is, consider the source.
Point is, daddy had golden eyes.
Point is, did is fact.
Point is, earlier kids get rid of fear the better.
Point is, everything is an ecosystem.
Point is, good people, do the same thing.
Point is, it does happen.
Point is, it's difficult to tell.
Point is, it's still there.
Point is, just a little joke.
Point is, let's stop pretending that the new management is benevolent.
Point is, let's talk.
Point is, neither the command line nor most GUIs are terribly intuitive.
Point is, nothing lasts forever.
Point is, others had better games.
Point is, parenting, whether it be a dog or a human, involves tough choices.
Point is, people believe.
Point is, play nice.
Point is, sometimes the best-laid arguments fall on deaf ears.
Point is, that has to be there.
Point is, that's how business goes.
Point is, the BTCs are tough.
Point is, the offense of Utah had a bad game.
Point is, the personal training option has reached Cincinnati.
Point is, the physical writing down of a task, a plan or a goal is what makes it official.
Point is, theoretically, the people are above the government in hierarchy.
Point is, there are negative aspects to every crowd.
Point is, there comes a time in all our lives when the only way out is to upgrade.
Point is, things change.
Point is, though, that wasn t the whole story.
Point is, titles are unimportant if they are attached to an asshole.
Point is, tney are around.
Point is, work on it.
Point is, ya gotta have good, funny characters in a workable situation.
Point is-I'm being copied without being copied.
Point jokes inward.
Point looks for the smartest and most entertaining sites.
Point made is unclear.
Point makes no distinction between commercial, private, or student pages.
Point Move the mouse until the mouse pointer on the screen rests on the item of choice.
Point moves back to where it was before the command that made the change.
Point moves forward as well.
Point passes to the wing.
Point passes to wing as in previous drills.
Point physically deliver the mail.
Point provides automatic re-dialling facilities to overcome busy signals and dropped lines.
Point rationing is the simplest way to ration a group of similar foods.
Point really does choose only the best sites on the Internet.
Point Refers to security prices.
Point remains, however, regarding the viability of robomoderation.
Point Remove a list of points from the current group.
Point require toward several fortune but wound lions caps.
Point reverses into body for safety.
Point reverses into handle for safety.
Point scanning confocal microscopy has advantages and disadvantages for imaging.
Point select a point on the image with the cursor.
Point spend via the sport than afford lions.
Point spend via the sport than afford machu picchu.
Point spread function and incoherent transfer function numerically calculated are compared.
Point spreads before or after the two minute mark are irrelevant.
Point spreads change constantly.
Point spreads for each catagory are as follows.
Point taken, it's best to invest in a good pair of hiking boots.
Point telescope away from sun before removing solar filter.
Point toes out.
Point toes up and downward.
Point try Wolves between whatever resources over a axe.
Point weighs appearance rather heavily, so text-based resources suffer under their rating system.
Point works when a user hovers their mouse over a word they are struggling with.
Points account once per month.
Points account per month.
Points accrued on section exams given at two-three week intervals constitute the final grade.
Points accumulate and even if a rider leaves school for a semester or longer the points still count.
Points accumulate and students work towards acheiving as many points as possible.
Points accumulate as follows.
Points accumulate at count down completion.
Points accumulate for one calendar year.
Points accumulate in each species category.
Points accumulate over the three marking periods.
Points accumulate throughout a student's high school career.
Points accumulate towards eligibility for the next level.
Points add up quickly with daily, weekly and monthly site visit links.
Points adjust the lender's yield on the loan to market conditions.
Points allocated are as above.
Points allow for a more precise weight when a fraction of a carat is involved.
Points also are magic.
Points also exist in three dimensions.
Points also vary in their narrowness and elongation, when viewed from either face.
Points appear to lie on a straight line.
Points apply to security prices.
Points are a basic element of bass movement.
Points are a compelling tool that gets companies a competitive advantage.
Points are a cost of securing an interest rate.
Points are a euphemism for financier profits above and beyond transactional fees.
Points are a fee paid to obtain a loan, or to lower the interest rate charged.
Points are a fixed unit of measure, and the definition of a pixel can change.
Points are a key bank structure too.
Points are a linear measurement such as inches, feet, and centimeters.
Points are a measure of weight.
Points are a one-time fee that a borrower pays to lower the interest rate.
Points are a percentage fee that is charged for the loan in addition to the mortgage rate.
Points are a percentage of the loan amount and are added to closing costs.
Points are a poor measure of importance in a stock chart.
Points are a precredited declining balance account.
Points are a way for a borrower to obtain a lower interest rate.
Points are according to attached rubric.
Points are accumulative and tallied for recognition purposes annually.
Points are accumulative.
Points are after certain period converted to real cash.
Points are aims.
Points are all or nothing.
Points are also awarded for exploring, so be sure to hunt around for free xp.
Points are also tax-deductible.
Points are always positive.
Points are an advance interest charge imposed by lenders and can lower the mortgage interest rate.
Points are an alternative to carrying cash.
Points are an upfront credit charge expressed as a percent of the loan amount.
Points are an up-front payment of interest made to the lender at the time the funds are advanced.
Points are another consideration.
Points are approximations.
Points are as follows.
Points are available for sale.
Points are available when charges are paid in full and the entire account is in good standing.
Points are award for hitting a shot into one of the four corners of th goal.
Points are awarded based on the frequency and difficulty of the tricks a skater pulls off.
Points are awarded to drivers and teams based on their finishing order.
Points are calculated by the cards that players get.
Points are characteristics.
Points are clear and logically ordered to provide a smooth, continuous flow of ideas.
Points are collinear iff they lie on a straight line.
Points are collinear.
Points are color coded based upon the selection criteria and class.
Points are common in Illinois, Missouri, and eastern Iowa.
Points are components.
Points are consider to be prepaid interest and are tax deductible.
Points are cumulative for a final score.
Points are cumulative for all scheduled races.
Points are cumulative for segments classified for more than one beneficial use.
Points are cumulative from year to year.
Points are cumulative throughout the semester.
Points are cumulative year to year, thereby rewarding repeat exhibitors and donors.
Points are cumulative, and carry over from month to month.
Points are cumulative.
Points are custom selected to our specifications.
Points are dark brown.
Points are data, curve is simulation.
Points are deductible in the year they are paid if the mortgage is for a home purchase.
Points are deep blue-gray bars, distinct and separated by lighter background color.
Points are dependent on how many of the loser's checkers have been borne off.
Points are determined for certain levels within each category.
Points are dimensionless.
Points are disks.
Points are due at the time of closing.
Points are earnable by participating in various events.
Points are easily transferable between one card and another.
Points are easy to assign.
Points are elements of lines and describe their start or end points.
Points are ends.
Points are equal to a percent of the loan amount.
Points are evenly divided among schools which tie for a place in any competition.
Points are evenly divided among schools which tie for a place in any event.
Points are extremely insightful and very accurate.
Points are fairly easy to rinse with a garden hose.
Points are fees charged by lenders.
Points are fees charged to bank customers for the use of money.
Points are fees paid to lenders.
Points are fees paid to the lender for the loan.
Points are fees paid to the lender or broker and are often linked to the interest rate.
Points are fees that are paid at the front of the loan to reduce the interest rate.
Points are finance charges that are calculated at closing.
Points are finance charges that are calculated by the lender at closing.
Points are flat and chamfered.
Points are for each show.
Points are for grade on the reading quizzes only.
Points are freely transferable between members and there is no time limit on their use.
Points are from dollar one.
Points are frosty gray with pinkish tone bars, distinct and separated by lighter background color.
Points are good at tons of places.
Points are good, too.
Points are how the lenders and brokers make thier money.
Points are in decimal degrees.
Points are inclusive of origination and discount fees, if any.
Points are indices into the corresponding .node file.
Points are interest paid in advance, and they can lower monthly payments.
Points are just normal points.
Points are loan fees paid to lenders.
Points are loans.
Points are located in planes.
Points are locations.
Points are logically related to one another.
Points are loss if the group responds incorrectly or runs out of time.
Points are marks.
Points are meaning.
Points are measures.
Points are money that can only be used for certain purposes.
Points are much more common then goals and are displayed as the last figure in the scoreline.
Points are negotiable between the buyer and seller but are usually paid by the buyer.
Points are negotiable but usually paid by seller.
Points are negotiable.
Points are non-refundable.
Points are non-transferable and are void if transferred.
Points are non-transferable.
Points are normally only reimbursable upon buying a home.
Points are often so exciting that a good game point can bring the crowd to their feet.
Points are on the first half of the section .
Points are one at a time, but the fencers can also use the side of the blade.
Points are one of the ways for lenders to cover the costs of processing the loan.
Points are only to show importance in ranking features for judging.
Points are output as they are multiplied by the generators.
Points are part of arrowheads.
Points are part of arrows.
Points are part of cones.
Points are part of ice hockeys.
Points are part of knifes.
Points are part of needles.
Points are part of pencils.
Points are part of pins.
Points are part of scores.
Points are part of swords.
Points are penalties assessed in addition to the fine for many traffic violations.
Points are permanent.
Points are points.
Points are positionally accurate.
Points are pounds.
Points are prepaid interest payments that are paid to the lender when buying or refinancing a home.
Points are prepaid interest.
Points are prepaid interests assessed at closing by the lender.
Points are racked up, no time is lost.
Points are really zero- dimensional.
Points are redeemable for airfare, hotel accommodations, car rental, and other travel benefits.
Points are redeemable for all kinds of technology.
Points are redeemable for contest entries, and soon can be used for much more.
Points are redeemable for free bets and gift certificates at online stores.
Points are redeemable for free food certificates.
Points are redeemable for rewards.
Points are redeemable for room, food and beverages.
Points are redeemable towards airline tickets or merchandise.
Points are relevance.
Points are remade, and footage of both principals' home lives becomes wearying.
Points are replaceable.
Points are rotation centers.
Points are safer than carrying cash and it's also easier to stay on budget using points.
Points are scored and lost for puzzle moves, trivia question answers and for guessing the puzzle.
Points are scored by dropping the ball on a number, ball is burst by dropping on a spike.
Points are secondary.
Points are significant for two reasons.
Points are simply forfeited.
Points are simply locations on lines.
Points are sites.
Points are small to medium projectile points.
Points are so close, it only differ a few minutes or a few kilometres.
Points are something with our football team right now that are sacred.
Points are taper.
Points are tax deductible by the buyer in the year of the sale.
Points are tax deductible for the borrower whether they are paid by the buyer or seller paid.
Points are tax deductible.
Points are the places where the qi of the meridian is deeply converged.
Points are then redeemable for a wide selection of travel rewards and brand name merchandise.
Points are 'toadally numerical.
Points are tough to come by and teams are playing harder for the win.
Points are transferable from one semester to another.
Points are transferable to a legal spouse only in the case of documented death of the member.
Points are typesetter's measurements for the size of the characters.
Points are units of measurement.
Points are unsupported or undeveloped.
Points are up-dated once a week only.
Points are upfront charges expressed as a percent of the loan amount.
Points are up-front interest charges paid to the lender.
Points are up-front mortgage interest fees paid on a loan to reduce the initial interest rate.
Points are usually redeemable for gift certificates and occasionally cash.
Points are usually what draws attention to a minor leaguer.
Points are valid for the Spanish cruisers cup.
Points are valid for up to five years.
Points are vulnerable to chipping and even everyday activity can loosen a setting.
Points are warm cream bars, distinct and separated by lighter background color.
Points are warm milk chocolate bars, distinct and separated by lighter background color.
Points are what count.
Points are what win games.
Points are worth cash or stock options.
Points are zero-dimensional.
Points assessed by commercial operators affect their special-use permits.
Points awarded are for cruise-only fares, subject to certain conditions and some restrictions apply.
Points awarded is determined by the number of other entries the winning dog defeats.
Points awarded per tournament depend on strength of field.
Points balance the market.
Points become centers, and vice versa.
Points become part of the principal which has to be repaid over the term of the loan.
Points become valid for redemption after payment has been received.
Points buy rate.
Points can accumulate fast, so start saving points now.
Points can accumulate for the school which can be redeemed for technology hardware.
Points can actually split on the wires, resulting in the point resting in two scoring areas.
Points can also request lists of available files, and the files themselves.
Points can be gain in the following ways.
Points can be near on one path, far apart on another.
Points can exist anywhere in space.
Points can include discount and origination points and have to be converted into dollar amounts.
Points can map to a particular object displayed in a graphical user interface.
Points can sometimes be of help in diagnosing acute disorders.
Points carry over from one season to the next.
Points carry over from one year to the next, and are totalled annually.
Points carry over from year to year.
Points carry over to the next semester if the student is still enrolled.
Points change as a function of time.
Points Click on specific class for current points.
Points come from how many stations are contacted, so even a home-bound ham is part of the action.
Points come in all shapes and sizes.
Points consist of graded steel eye-bolts protruding through ceiling directly above bridges.
Points contained in all three sets are black.
Points continue to determine class and track champions.
Points cost one percent of the loan amount-payable at closing.
Points count only for ONE team per society.
Points decrease by one point for place of finish.
Points decrease when the players touch each other.
Points define actual means, wheras lines represent estimates obtained through linear regression.
Points depend upon prestige of journal and responsibilities of editor.
Points describe some of the cost of obtaining a loan.
Points determine the first and second place teams.
Points divide the line into equal segments.
Points do no apply to adjuncts.
Points do serve a useful purpose.
Points drop off for late work.
Points earned are inversely proportional to the number of characters in the equation.
Points earned at Best Western hotels worldwide are subject to local membership conditions.
Points earned have no expiration dates.
Points earned in all classes are cumulative.
Points earned through acting, directing and technical work make students eligible for membership.
Points earned towards rewards are good only for the person named on the card.
Points earned via the performance factors can show degree of skills.
Points Enter the number of points for the loan here.
Points equal the meld card values minus the held card values.
Points equals a Great Tagalog victory.
Points expire one year after the purchase date.
Points expire one year from the date of issuance.
Points express a viewpoint.
Points express and argue a point of view.
Points featured include the feeder, the bomb, the floats and baits.
Points featured include the stick float and the straight lead.
Points figure to be at a premium, with both teams coming into the big game with impressive defenses.
Points figure to be harder to come by than a game ticket selling at face value.
Points fluctuate with mortgage.
Points focus on sampling, methodological, or causation problems.
Points form on the cheek side of the upper jaw and the tongue side of the lower jaw.
Points form on the cheek side of the upper teeth and the tongue side of the lower teeth.
Points generated by viewbar, visiting websites, join programs, and read email.
Points given are dependant upon the level of involvement.
Points given are for completion and accuracy.
Points gleaned from the discussions are in italics.
Points go away only after a certain number of years.
Points go for creativity, style, and just straight-up wittiness.
Points go to end of year tournement.
Points go to rider.
Points go to the gorgeous cinematography, though.
Points go to the rider.
Points Has a clear, analytical and comprehensive thesis.
Points Has acceptable thesis.
Points has the quality of a clever comic strip.
Points have a cash value of one cent each.
Points have good clarity and candelabra points are well-defined.
Points have no cash or monetary value.
Points have no cash value, and are non-transferrable.
Points have no cash value.
Points have small damage but the door on side has possibilites.
Points have straight or slightly convex edges.
Points have the effect of reducing the amount of money advanced by the lender.
Points have to be loosened with a wrench and pliers.
Points have two purposes.
Points have yet to be determined.
Points have zero background automatically.
Points increase according to difficulty of class.
Points Indicates the number of points earned.
Points insert perfectly flat to the surface for maximum holding power.
Points is a vector of real numbers.
Points junting out into the lake are always good spots to hit.
Points know how to do math with other points.
Points listed are cumulative.
Points listed include discount and origination.
Points located between edges are now much better interpolated, resulting in slightly higher quality.
Points lock on collet.
Points loosen due to collet wear.
Points lying between the line of equality and the capsaicin axis are trials showing benefit.
Points lying inside the curve are attainable , but indicate unemployment of some resources.
Points make prizes.
Points make up the declining balance portion of the meal plan.
Points mean status in the community.
Points now have integer, float, or double precision, and lines have float precision.
Points occur continually on one side of the center line.
Points offer cashless purchasing power in any on-campus dining location.
Points paid by the buyer are deductible for that year.
Points paid by the buyer or the seller are deductible for the year in which they are paid.
Points persist from situation to situation.
Points produce lines and the lines move.
Points provide added flexibility since they are for use at the various snack bars on campus.
Points provide the magic behind a large number of home sales.
Points quoted include loan origination fee.
Points race all classes.
Points range from one to five depending on where target is hit.
Points reflect center of cabin footprint.
Points remain on a record for three years from the conviction date.
Points remain valid on a continual year round basis.
Points represent a one-time fee paid to the lender.
Points represent clutch means of log-transformed values with cohort and dam effects removed.
Points represent data such as traffic lights or trees.
Points represent features like named places.
Points represent objects that have discrete locations and are too small to be depicted as areas.
Points represent percentage of principal amount borrowed.
Points represent pixel intensities for two wavelengths.
Points represent prepaid interest paid at closing for the purpose of buying the rate down.
Points represent small features such as nest locations.
Points represent the cost of money charged by a lender.
Points represent the cost of money charged by the lender.
Points represent the weighted mean species scores for each reach.
Points representing motorway junctions have the junction number as an attribute.
Points returns a matrix of information describing the conic.
Points score d and tallied.
Points seal brown patched or mingled at random with varying shades of red.
Points Seal brown stripes.
Points See Samples .
Points seem to be dropping at home rather than away.
Points shown include origination and discount fees.
Points shown reflect the relative weight of each section.
Points shows followongs.
Points Specifies a pointer to the array of control points.
Points still make prizes, even in a virtual world.
Points support various geometric shapes as well as bitmaps to be displayed.
Points take on a different meaning.
Points travel with driver only within the same class.
Points typically reduce the interest rate charged on the mortgage.
Points used for the slaughter still speckle the ground.
Points varies according to loan size .
Points vary by assignment.
Points vary depending on the interest rate desired and the chosen loan program.
Points vary depending on what book they read.
Points win prizes'.
Points written on chips are now of no significance.
Points always amplify optically to be identifiable as systemic polyhedra.
Points Always have a look at the point system for a contest.
Points usually occur where there's a dip in the headland, creating a bend in the coast.
Points usually restrain the drivers.
All points accrued from one store have to be spent at that same store.
All points adjust up and down by an equal amount during aggradation and degradation.
All points approaching on the track are clearly visible as well as all trucks.
All points are alarmed at multiple levels.
All points are clearly and sufficiently motivated, explained, supported, and developed.
All points are cumulative.
All points are equally important.
All points are equidistant from the center, of equal worth and importance.
All points are intervisible and the lines between the survey points are brushed and flagged.
All points are now under Lake Ouachita.
All points are of equal value and accumulate during the course.
All points are of equal value and cumulate during the course.
All points are open for debate, in perpetuity.
All points are readily accessible.
All points are relevant, and supported with examples, facts, or logical arguments.
All Points are the center.
All points are the same distance from the center of the circle.
All points are unique.
All points are worth following.
All points being made are completely open to discussion.
All points can be at risk of system security.
All points count for club awards.
All points count.
All points diverge from here.
All points earned are non-transferable.
All points excluding Auckland require at least two days for delivery.
All points fall directly on the the regression line.
All points have valid attributes.
All points interconnect.
All points radar.
All points stand regardless of kite or line damage.
All points unify in conduct.
All points used in construction are intersection points.
Any point almost does it.
Any point holds also a reference to the elliptic curve it sits on.
Any points are better than no points at all.
Any points are better than none.
Any points are good and it was definitely a total team effort.
Any points remaining in their food account at the end of the semester are non-refundable.
Every point counts in a match.
Every point counts.
Every point has a distance and angles it is centre.
Every point has some elbow room on both sides.
Every point is as vital as the next one.
Every point is crucial.
Every point is easy to master quickly.
Every point is equally important.
Every point is extremely critical in dual meet competitions.
Every point is important and means something.
Every point is important.
Every point is initially in a huge cluster.
Every point is made, even if hidden obscurely in the heart of an entertainment.
Every point is praised, so they have to leave time for applause.
Every point is right on target.
Every point is the same as the other points.
Every point is vital.
Every point is wrong.
Every point means a significant amount of money up or down.
Every point put forward in the ebook is backed up by Scripture.
Every point symbolizes one of the twelve origin clans.
Many points affect the blood.
Many points are also applicable when the intended result is hardcopy.
Many points distinguish the ceremonial law from the moral law.
Many points poke holes in that nervous reasoning.
More points allow children to access faster tracks and advanced racing scenarios.
More points equal less tools to use.
More points is better but slower.
More points lead to more tickets.
More points mean better chance of earning valuable money from eteamz.
More points result in a lower interest rate.
Most points are close to nerves.
Most points are only about an hour's drive from Manhattan.
Most points are relevant and supported.
Most points lie close to the center implying equal forces.
Most points wins.
Some points are better than no points.
Some points are common to all the explanations.
Some points are different, but the base is the same.
Some points are easier to make than others and so require less space.
Some points are even in number but staggered in height, while others remain the same length.
Some points are more important than others and therefore require greater elaboration.
Some points are self-explanatory in the action required.
Some points break better at high tides while others break better at low tides.
Some points have authentication papers acquired by the previous owners.
Some points have phantoms, another has record-keepers, and one point is castellated.
Some points have special, wide-ranging functions.
Some points lie on the line, some above, some below.
Some points never touch, other points touch only once, other points touch twice.
Some points raise queries for the medical reader.
Some points raised in the editorial are true, some are false.
Some points represent multiple sites.
Some points warrant discussion.
Pointed comments center on their handling of the ambassador.
Pointed fact is the current situation is deplorable.
Pointed filaments have less than half the life, on average, when compared with standard filaments.
Pointed fingertips are an extreme of the conic.
Pointed objects are more dangerous than round ones.
Pointed objects tend to be bendable or breakable.
Pointed petals adorn long stems with dark green foliage.
More pointed questions turn to the structure of the piece and what mouthpiece to use.
Pointed tip is ideal for precision trimming of award winning flowers.
Pointed tips make perfect clean attack at any aed tips make perfect clean attack at any angle.
Pointed toes are the most sexy, but they usually cause more pain and damage to the toes.
Pointed toes can also cause overlapping toes and toe nail problems.
Pointed tracer is the most versatile.
Pointer dogs point their muzzle towards game to allow the hunter to locate the animal .
Pointer dogs point their muzzle towards game to allow the hunter to locate the animal.
Pointer structures are death.
A pointer is an indicator
Pointer devices other than optical thumb trackballs or mice Many laptops have a flat touch panel.
Pointer displays location of text in status bar.
Pointer dogs with extreme nervousness are another example.
Pointer enables controls to be selected rather than added.
Pointer is from Chicago.
Pointer is like a plug that can be plugged into a jack.
Pointer is sufficient.
Pointer is very easy to use.
Pointer isa symbol.
Pointer lock options at small extra cost.
Pointer moves under each ayah as it is recited.
Pointer moves up given distance before hive lifts off ground, indicating weight.
Pointer orchestrates the rest of the show.
Pointer points to a subtree containing search key values .
Pointer points to next record in order.
Pointer see mouse pointer .
Pointer stops of molded rubber prevent pointer over-travel without damage.
Pointer takes the guesswork and drudgery out of optimization.
Pointer target tracking - an empirical study.
Pointer utilities Counted pointers provide support for reference counting.
Pointers allow the programmer to address the target memory location in any fashion desired.
Pointers also point to program functions stored in virtual memory.
Pointers also require sensible notation.
Pointers are a notorious source of programming errors.
Pointers are a special data type.
Pointers are actually one of the most powerful tools available to a programmer.
Pointers are also one of the biggest sources of errors.
Pointers are an advanced feature of any language.
Pointers are an efficient means of passing information without having to pass all of it at once.
Pointers are available to past problems and their solutions.
Pointers are available, although guests are welcome to bring their own dogs.
Pointers are clear, and make sense.
Pointers are dogs selected to freeze and point when they see game birds hidden in the bushes.
Pointers are dogs.
Pointers are efficient to communicate between classes.
Pointers are especially useful when functions operate on structures.
Pointers are expensive from the storage viewpoint.
Pointers are faster and make it much easier to point upwind.
Pointers are for pre-transform.
Pointers are indicators.
Pointers are inherently insecure and troublesome.
Pointers are knife-edge type.
Pointers are likely to be involved in another form as well.
Pointers are mainly useful for stitching together various data objects to form a data structure .
Pointers are men who point the cattle in the right way.
Pointers are necessary for linked lists.
Pointers are necessary to access many of the interfaces written in other programming languages.
Pointers are one of the most difficult concepts for novice students to grasp.
Pointers are page numbers.
Pointers are quite dangerous to use.
Pointers are really a great pain.
Pointers are simply copied in shared object cases.
Pointers are system-generated and have no counterpart in the real world.
Pointers are the children that don t speak a whole lot but point to what they want.
Pointers are 'the ugliest aspect of C'.
Pointers are thirty-two bits wide in most implementations.
Pointers are to both data and metadata wherever possible.
Pointers are tricky.
Pointers are unnecessary.
Pointers are variables following all the normal naming convention of non - pointer variables.
Pointers are variables that contain the address, the location in memory of other data.
Pointers are variables whose values are addresses which themselves contain values.
Pointers are very different from doing work for a student.
Pointers are welcome.
Pointers are white with a black hub.
Pointers are wonderful.
Pointers are words, phrases, or ideas that appear in a sentence, and are repeated in the next.
Pointers can also be singular.
Pointers contain memory addresses of other variables.
Pointers Depending on the type of the data, the variables can be number, text or other.
Pointers determine the rotational orientation of the shuttle.
Pointers Discusses the uses of pointers.
Pointers exist which access membership lists, reports and the national pages.
Pointers find birds then stand still and point at where the bird is .
Pointers find birds then stand still and point at where the bird is.
Pointers give a great deal of flexibility.
Pointers Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Pointers have a small one.
Pointers have difficulty with bird location.
Pointers help hunters spot their prey.
Pointers identify the pathology on each radiologic image.
Pointers indicate the reading on each dial.
Pointers is a general collection of reviewed and graded sites.
Pointers Just focus on one skill at a time.
Pointers lead to the possibility of two objects having shared substructure.
Pointers logically connect the elements of the program.
Pointers look like variables with an asterisk.
Pointers make it possible, like in assembly, to reference in a useful way any memory location.
Pointers make the programs messy and programs using pointers are very hard to read.
Pointers move any number of empty spaces in the directions they point.
Pointers Note that the variable 'image' in the skeleton program provided above is a pointer.
Pointers Pay it regularly and on time.
Pointers point to the next chunk of the same level.
Pointers provide another way to access the parameter.
Pointers provide for machine independent address arithmetic.
Pointers require perfection.
Pointers See Introducing mainResponder for an overview of everything else mainResponder can do.
Pointers See the docs page for the original scheduler .
Pointers silently lead their masters to hiding game and freeze in a pointing stance.
Pointers tend to tuck one front leg up when they sense game nearby.
Pointers work well while the flusher always brings a smile to the owner's face.
Pointers Write in simple, complete sentences.
Any pointer is appreciated.
Any pointer is welcome.
Any pointers are welcome.
Any pointers is welcome.
Any pointers please.
Any pointers welcome.
Every pointer has an associated type.
Every pointer points to a specific data type.
Some pointers are more obvious and permanent than others which are tentative or only approximate.
Some pointers lead to descriptions of several possible projects.
Pointilistic pictures show the farmer in relationship with the soundmakers.
A pointillism is a genre
Pointillism is a painstaking process that, if achieved, delivers subtle, powerful results.
Pointillism is a technique of painting in which a lot of tiny dots are combined to form a picture.
Pointillism is a technique used to form a desired image using a series of dots.
Pointillisms are genres.
Pointillisms are schools.
Most pointing sources have a time-variable flux.
Pointings are gesturings.
Pointless activity replaces reason, and sensible advice is no longer heard.
Pointless constrictions are like a Kafkaistic nightmare.
Pointless stuff happens.
Pointless things do exist.
Points Points are cumulative for all class activities.
Points Points are interest payments made at the origination of a loan.
Points Points are loan fees paid to the lender or broker and are often linked to the interest rate.
Points Points are points.
Points Points are prepaid interest charges paid to the lender at the time of closing.
Points Points have different colors.
Points races can be the most fun to watch but are among the most difficult to understand.
Points System Find out how the points are allocated.
Points system is great for encouraging kids to ride again.
Some points systems incorporate a predefined set of features, each with a corresponding score.
PointServe solutions can operate within the enterprise or expand through associated marketplaces.
Pointwise convergence fails to be strict.
Poise allows faculty to input information about at-risk students.
Poise equals power, but too edgy at the moment for tangible lyrics.
Poise is an unit
Poised competition is always present.
Poison bait is taken back to the colony and fed to the larvae.
Poison baits are also highly effective against crickets indoors.
Poison baits are avilable as ready to use, premixed baits.
Poison baits are illegal and ineffective.
Poison baits are usually available as pellets, powder or gel.
Poison baits are, of course, potentially hazardous to other wildlife, children and pets.
Poison control centers use databases.
Poison dart frogs adapt to rainforests.
Poison dart frogs feed on spiders.
Poison dart frogs have irises.
Poison dart frogs have lifespans.
Many poison dart frogs secrete alkaloid toxins through their skin .
Many poison dart frogs secrete alkaloid toxins through their skin.
Poison food is noted and ignored on further visits to the cell.
Poison frogs occupy various types of habitat.
A poison gas is a chemical weapon
A poison gas is a gas
Poison gases are chemical weapons.
Poison gases are gases.
Poison gases are used in industry as chemical reagents.
Poison gases can damage the lungs, nerves, skin, and eyes, and cause a slow and painful death.
Poison gases can kill or injure a person if present in a high enough concentration .
Poison gases can kill or injure a person if present in a high enough concentration.
Poison gases pose their own special problems since nothing obvious has been ingested.
Poison gases represent a significant hazard.
Many poison gases contain chlorine.
A poison hemlock is a poisonous plant
Poison hemlock can cause fetal deformation if a pregnant animal eats the plant.
Poison hemlock contains volatile alkaloids that have been used as a poison since ancient times.
Poison hemlock grows in wet or moist ground like swamps, wet meadows, stream banks, and ditches.
Poison hemlock is a biennial.
Poison hemlock is a member of the carrot family.
Poison hemlock needs dry land to grow and is often found in gardens as an ornamental plant.
Poison hemlock tends to be more competitive in wet soil conditions but it can survive in dry sites.
A poison ivy is contact dermatitis
Some poison ivy does have mild lobes along the leaf edge.
Poison oak can be serious.
Poison oak can cause a red rash and even painful, itchy blisters.
Poison oak can grow as a vine climbing up the side of a tree, a shrub, or a short plant.
Poison oak is a poisonous plant
Some poison oak grows in zones.
A poison pill is a step
Poison pills are also popular because they are flexible.
Poison pills protect publicly traded companies from hostile takeovers.
Poison reverse has no benefit beyond split horizon in a single path internetwork.
Poison reverse is another way of avoiding routing loops.
Poison affects animals.
Poison affects individuals.
Poison causes damage.
Poison causes death.
Poison causes diseases.
Poison causes disorder.
Poison causes disturbances.
Poison causes illnesses.
Poison causes neurological disorder.
Poison causes painful death.
Poison causes reaction.
Poison causes serious illnesses.
Poison causes similar reaction.
Poison causes slow death.
Poison causes slow painful death.
Poison causes symptoms.
Poison causes visual disturbances.
Poison cheat under several comparison until lift sponges.
Poison comes from exist plants.
Poison comes from fangs.
Poison comes from plants.
Poison contains pheromone.
Poison contains toxins.
Poison has origins.
Poison has power.
Poison has results.
Poison indicates of none ache since forgot architecture magazine.
Poison indicates of none ache since forgot calliope.
Poison interferes with calcium metabolism.
Poison interferes with metabolism.
Poison is a substance
Poison is albums.
Poison is capable of kill.
Poison is caused by toxins.
Poison is located in chemistry labs.
Poison is produced by organisms.
Poison is substances.
Poison is used for kill.
Poison isa matter.
Poison kills animals.
Poison kills ants.
Poison kills cockroaches.
Poison kills coyotes.
Poison kills fish.
Poison kills humans.
Poison kills hummingbirds.
Poison kills insects.
Poison kills lice.
Poison kills prey.
Poison kills rats.
Poison kills small animals.
Poison kills squirrels.
Poison kills termites.
Poison labels on medicines, garden sprays.
Poison leads to brain damage.
Poison leads to damage.
Poison leads to death.
Poison leads to medical problems.
Poison leads to problems.
Poison paralyzes or kills the prey.
Poison produces effects.
Poison produces reaction.
Poison produces similar reaction.
Poison produces toxins.
Poison rings along with lockets and other vessel jewelry originated in India and the Far East.
Poison shows similar symptoms.
Poison shows symptoms.
Poison takes effects.
Poison voles with special traps.
Poisons affect nerves, cause their relaxation or contraction.
Poisons affect nerves.
Poisons are a cruel way to kill animals.
Poisons are also a danger to family pets or other wildlife.
Poisons are available.
Poisons are chemicals that can cause death or harm in very small quantities.
Poisons are dangerous to kids, pets and other wildlife.
Poisons are dangerous.
Poisons are efficient.
Poisons are indiscriminate and cause terrible suffering.
Poisons are inhumane and dangerous to use.
Poisons are legal at any time.
Poisons are much cleaner.
Poisons are never the answer.
Poisons are out of the question.
Poisons are substances that produce harmful effects on the cells of the body.
Poisons are very useful for disinfecting drying rooms, but only after the crop has been cleared out.
Poisons build up quickly within the body in the absence of insulin.
Poisons can also damage the environment.
Poisons can also harm children and pets.
Poisons can be needlessly cruel.
Poisons can be of animal, plant, metal, or bacterial origin.
Poisons can bleach and kill corals .
Poisons can bleach and kill corals.
Poisons can cause systemic disease, or fatality.
Poisons can control cell division.
Poisons can kill many acres of worms at one time.
Poisons can kill non-target species.
Poisons can make everyone sick .
Poisons cause damage to the liver and kidneys.
Poisons cause illness.
Poisons come in four different forms .
Poisons create more or less contraction of nerve tissue.
Poisons decrease or increase nerve action.
Poisons destroy it.
Poisons enter the body by various routes.
Poisons have to come out of the body somewhere, and usually come out in the weakest areas.
Poisons interfere with normal functioning of certain body systems.
Poisons Keep all medicines, vitamins, cleaning fluids, etc. locked away.
Poisons Keep all medicines, vitamins, cleaning fluids, etc., locked away.
Poisons permeate the food web, ultimately residing in our bodies, from breast milk to brain cells.
Poisons unknown a century ago now erode our monuments.
All poison kills.
Many poisons are alkaloids.
Many poisons are biodegradable.
Many poisons are double-acting.
Many poisons look or taste similar to other things.
Many poisons result from natural sources.
Many poisons taste good to pets.
Most poison affects animals.
Most poison affects individuals.
Most poison causes damage.
Most poison causes death.
Most poison causes diseases.
Most poison causes disorder.
Most poison causes disturbances.
Most poison causes illnesses.
Most poison causes neurological disorder.
Most poison causes painful death.
Most poison causes reaction.
Most poison causes serious illnesses.
Most poison causes similar reaction.
Most poison causes slow death.
Most poison causes slow painful death.
Most poison causes symptoms.
Most poison causes visual disturbances.
Most poison comes from exist plants.
Most poison comes from fangs.
Most poison comes from plants.
Most poison contains pheromone.
Most poison has origins.
Most poison has power.
Most poison has results.
Most poison interferes with calcium metabolism.
Most poison interferes with metabolism.
Most poison is caused by toxins.
Most poison is produced by organisms.
Most poison kills animals.
Most poison kills ants.
Most poison kills cockroaches.
Most poison kills coyotes.
Most poison kills fish.
Most poison kills humans.
Most poison kills hummingbirds.
Most poison kills insects.
Most poison kills lice.
Most poison kills prey.
Most poison kills small animals.
Most poison kills termites.
Most poison leads to brain damage.
Most poison leads to damage.
Most poison leads to death.
Most poison leads to medical problems.
Most poison leads to problems.
Most poison produces effects.
Most poison produces reaction.
Most poison produces similar reaction.
Most poison produces toxins.
Most poison shows similar symptoms.
Most poison shows symptoms.
Most poison takes effects.
Most poisons have substantial healing potential.
Most poisons produced by octopuses and squids are too weak to harm humans.
Some poison acts on nerves.
Some poison affects bone marrow.
Some poison affects cattle.
Some poison affects flatworms.
Some poison affects hearts.
Some poison affects marrow.
Some poison affects plants.
Some poison affects respiration.
Some poison causes deep ulcer.
Some poison causes effects.
Some poison causes high mortality.
Some poison causes mortality.
Some poison causes pain.
Some poison causes paralysis.
Some poison causes sharp pain.
Some poison causes ulcer.
Some poison comes from milkweeds.
Some poison contains chemicals.
Some poison destroys livers.
Some poison excretes in urine.
Some poison finds in fish.
Some poison has effects.
Some poison helps food.
Some poison interferes with development.
Some poison is added from the poison glands, making the wound more painful.
Some poison is caused by accidental ingestion.
Some poison is caused by consumption.
Some poison is caused by eat shellfishes.
Some poison is caused by ingestion inhalation.
Some poison is caused by ingestion.
Some poison is caused by inhalation.
Some poison is caused by shellfishes.
Some poison is caused by water.
Some poison is produced by glands.
Some poison is produced by ingestion.
Some poison kills birds.
Some poison kills camels.
Some poison kills carnivores.
Some poison kills dingos.
Some poison kills dogs.
Some poison kills pelicans.
Some poison kills people.
Some poison kills predators.
Some poison kills rodents.
Some poison kills salamanders.
Some poison kills vines.
Some poison kills vultures.
Some poison leads to depletion.
Some poison leads to extinction.
Some poison oak on nearby trails.
Some poison paralyzes prey.
Some poison penetrates skin.
Some poison results from ingestion.
Some poisons are more lethal than others to small children.
Some poisons are relatively harmless, others are lethal.
Some poisons are very potent while others are mildly toxic.
Some poisons can cause the victim to fall asleep very quickly or can cause a seizure.
Some poisons do have a delayed effect, but the time to act is in the first hour.
Some poisons excite, while others depress.
Some poisons leave an odor that is detectable when the body is opened.
Poisoned baits offer the most effective method of control.
Poisoned land is transformed into a community park.
Poisoned violets faint.
Poisoned weapons are likewise the preserve of the coward.
Poisoning also affects cattle, sheep, horses, and fowl.
Poisoning arises from depriving the tissues of oxygen and from the direct toxic effect of the gas.
Poisoning Be able to tie simple bandages and arm slings.
Poisoning begins as easily as breathing.
Poisoning can also occur from skin absorption.
Poisoning can also occur through drinking water that comes from lead pipes.
Poisoning can be a life- threatening situation.
Poisoning can be an accident or a deliberate attempt to commit murder or suicide.
Poisoning can be another cause of dementia.
Poisoning can be fatal.
Poisoning can be through ingestion or inhalation.
Poisoning can be through inhalation or ingestion of the chemical.
Poisoning can occur gradually, and there are often no obvious symptoms.
Poisoning can occur if the snow is sprayed directly into the child's mouth.
Poisoning can occur in many ways.
Poisoning can occur later in the fall and winter when acorns are available.
Poisoning can occur readily through exposure of skin or eyes, or when inhaled or swallowed.
Poisoning can occur through oral ingestion, inhalation, dermal absorption, and ocular instillation.
Poisoning can occur through swallowing, skin contact, inhalation or by eye contact.
Poisoning can occur when gas ovens or grills are improperly used as room heaters.
Poisoning can occur when people are exposed to contaminated water, dust and soil.
Poisoning can occur with consumption of just one or two bulbs.
Poisoning can often be fatal to a gerbil.
Poisoning can result through ingesting lead paint chips or inhaling lead dust.
Poisoning caused by prussic acid is somewhat similar to nitrate poisoning.
Poisoning causes severe stomach and intestinal irritation with diarrhea and slow pulse.
Poisoning causes sickness.
Poisoning happens a few days after onion consumption.
Poisoning has a maximum sentence of life in prison.
Poisoning has onsets.
Poisoning has rapid onsets.
Poisoning Immediately call a poison control center, a hospital emergency room, or a doctor.
Poisoning is a favorite way for female serial killers to dispatch their victims.
Poisoning is a leading cause of home-based accidents for ages one to three.
Poisoning is a temporary solution.
Poisoning is also indiscriminate.
Poisoning is an ancient form of murder.
Poisoning is another common cause of childhood injury.
Poisoning is caused by ingestion.
Poisoning is common in sheep, but occurs occasionally in cattle.
Poisoning is diphasic.
Poisoning is due to the corrosive action on the gastrointestinal tract.
Poisoning is events.
Poisoning is harmeds.
Poisoning is illnesses.
Poisoning is killing.
Poisoning is more common in humans than in animals.
Poisoning is most common in late fall and winter.
Poisoning is most frequent after ingestion of the palatable two-leaf seedling stage or ground seeds.
Poisoning is one of the leading causes of health emergencies for children in Florida and the nation.
Poisoning is one of the leading causes of injury and death in the United States.
Poisoning is one of the most common emergencies in children.
Poisoning is probably the main reason so few wolves remain today.
Poisoning is probably the main reason there are so few wolves left today.
Poisoning is rare because death occurs only if the plant is eaten in large quantities.
Poisoning is relatively common following breathing in smoke from a house fire .
Poisoning is similar to paralytic shellfish poisoning .
Poisoning is suspected.
Poisoning is the fourth leading cause of death in children.
Poisoning is the most-used method.
Poisoning is the only way to damage their numbers.
Poisoning is the result of damage to spleen, brain, and liver.
Poisoning is the third leading cause of accidental death in children.
Poisoning is through ingestion.
Poisoning is usually from overdosage.
Poisoning is usually through ingestion.
Poisoning is very serious.
Poisoning isa condition.
Poisoning kills too many, and it affects other wildlife.
Poisoning Lists non-commercial sites providing information on poisoning to health consumers.
Poisoning looks like orellanine symptoms except for the much more rapid onset.
Poisoning means occurrence of damage or disturbance caused by a poison, and includes intoxication.
Poisoning means to put poison into or upon.
Poisoning occurs after swallowing just a few pellets.
Poisoning occurs in homes.
Poisoning occurs so quickly that there is little time for warning symptoms.
Poisoning ranks high as a cause of accidental in small children.
Poisoning remains a threat locally, but no source of widespread contamination is apparent.
Poisoning represents an exposure to agents that are intrinsically harmful.
Poisoning results in death.
Poisoning takes longer when the nerve agent enters the body through the skin.
Poisoning takes only a couple of licks.
Poisoning typically resolves within days.
Poisoning works well over large areas.
Poisonings are another major concern.
Poisonings are most common in children ages one and two.
Poisonings are similar to fingerprints, no two poisonings are alike.
Poisonings are the most common and well-known acute effect.
Poisonings can cause serious illness or death.
Poisonings can come from known dangerous chemicals as well as common household substances.
Poisonings can happen anywhere, anytime.
Poisonings can happen when young children swallow medicines and household chemicals.
Poisonings can occur at all times of the day or night.
Poisonings happen every day.
Poisonings happen when children swallow their parents' iron pills.
Poisonings occur . . .
Poisonings occur in adults as well as children.
Poisonings result from consumption of wilted leaves and have only been reported for horses.
Poisonings typically affect the stomach and central nervous system.
Poisonings Use the child-resistant closures that come on most medicines and household chemicals.
Poisoning often depends on the amount of the substance and the individual, however.
Poisoning often occurs when clippings are placed where they are accessible to animals.
Poisoning often requires additional treatment, depending on the symptoms and the substance ingested.
Poisoning usually occurs from consumption of seedlings.
Poisoning usually occurs in late fall or early winter, since snow or rain washes out the poison.
Poisoning usually occurs in the spring when other forage is lacking.
Poisonings usually involve animals from well-managed farms and ranches.
Poisonings usually occur after eating fish caught and prepared by uncertified handlers.
Poisonings usually occur when contaminated water is used to prepare infant formula and foods.
All poisonings are serious.
Many poisoning occur while adults are using a household product life a bathroom cleanser or bleach.
Many poisonings happen when visiting a household where only adults live.
Many poisonings happen without direct observation.
Many poisonings involve adults using chemicals without proper safety precautions.
Many poisonings occur when a product is in use.
Many poisonings occur when the daily household routine has been disrupted.
Many poisonings occur while adults are using a household product like a bathroom cleaner or bleach.
Many poisonings occur while adults are using a household product like a bathroom cleanser or bleach.
Many poisonings occur while product is being used.
Most poisoning has rapid onsets.
Most poisoning is a result of overdoses of the drug.
Most poisoning is caused by ingestion.
Most poisoning is due to dust from failing paint, so use dust tests to measure risks.
Most poisoning occurs in spring or fall.
Most poisonings are accidental and therefore preventable.
Most poisonings are accidental, but a substantial number are the result of suicide attempts.
Most poisonings are also due to ingestion of contaminated hay over a period of time.
Most poisonings are from consuming raw mushrooms, but some come from cooked ones as well.
Most poisonings do occur in the home.
Most poisonings happen in the home and involve children.
Most poisonings happen while the product is being used.
Most poisonings occur and are treated at home.
Most poisonings occur around mealtime when the child is hungry and the caretaker is distracted.
Most poisonings occur by swallowing toxic liquids.
Most poisonings occur when a substance is swallowed.
Most poisonings occur when nontarget species consume commercial baits.
Most poisonings occur when the product is in use.
Some poisoning is caused by mushrooms.
Some poisoning occurs in early springs.
Some poisoning occurs in springs.
Some poisoning occurs in summer.
Some poisonings require immediate attention before calling for help.
Poisonous animals are another concern of the desert searcher.
Poisonous animals are different from venomous animals .
Some poisonous animals use bright coloring to warn their prey.
Poisonous baneberry is abundant at trailhead.
Poisonous berries are red with a black dot.
Some poisonous butterflies eat milkweeds.
Some poisonous butterflies eat poisonous milkweeds.
Poisonous byproducts remain just below the surface of the rolling hills of the park.
Poisonous chemicals enter water sources that are used for drinking, bathing and cooking.
Poisonous chemicals spread on the wind.
Poisonous clouds spread like fog.
Some poisonous colors are black, orange, blue, and yellow.
Poisonous fish have spines.
Poisonous fish live in oceans.
Poisonous fish live in temperate oceans.
Most poisonous fish have spines.
Most poisonous fish live in oceans.
Most poisonous fish live in temperate oceans.
Poisonous flies exist in many parts of Africa, for instance, the different kinds of tsetse.
Some poisonous food causes diseases.
Some poisonous frogs are red and black, yellow and black, and blue and black.
Poisonous fruit contains seeds.
Most poisonous fruit contains seeds.
Poisonous gas is produced in fire.
Poisonous gases accumulate in lows areas and along the floor.
Poisonous gases are gases.
Poisonous gases are toxic substances.
Poisonous gases can accumulate in low areas or along the floor.
Poisonous gases can cause ice glaziers to melt and also to pierce the ozone layer.
Poisonous gases emanating from the waters of the lake are a source of concern.
Poisonous herbs carry a warning and known side effects are listed.
Poisonous herbs carry a warning and known side-effects are listed.
Poisonous houseplants are another problem to guard against.
Poisonous injuries do happen - even in lives rich with a mother s protection.
Poisonous kinds look like edible ones.
Poisonous mushrooms are abundant around tree stumps and trees in our turnout.
Poisonous mushrooms are natural.
Poisonous mushrooms can cause four distinct clinical syndromes.
Poisonous mushrooms can contaminate other mushrooms.
Poisonous mushrooms contain a variety of different toxins that can differ markedly in toxicity.
Poisonous mushrooms outnumber edible mushrooms more than ten to one.
Many poisonous mushrooms look just like the most delicious edible ones - to the inexperienced eye.
Many poisonous mushrooms look similar to edible ones.
Some poisonous mushrooms grow on wood.
Some poisonous mushrooms look nearly identical to non-poisonous mushrooms.
Some poisonous organisms have poisonous substances.
Some poisonous organisms have substances.
A poisonous plant is a plant
Poisonous plants are among the important causes of economic loss to the livestock industry.
Poisonous plants are everywhere.
Poisonous plants are more common than most people think.
Poisonous plants are plants.
Poisonous plants border the trail in several locations.
Poisonous plants can be a problem under certain conditions in limited areas.
Poisonous plants can cause severe dermatitis, or skin irritation, or internal poisoning.
Poisonous plants can mean disaster for the family pet.
Poisonous plants cause many serious illnesses and even death among adults and children each year.
Poisonous Plants Feeding wild greenery can be deadly.
Poisonous plants grow in areas.
Poisonous plants grow on landscapes.
Poisonous plants have a tendency to grow along fence lines as well as around ponds and lakes.
Poisonous plants Learn to recognize poisonous plants such as poison ivy or oak, or sumac.
Poisonous plants occur in areas.
Poisonous Plants Take a stroll through the poisonous plants garden.
Poisonous plants vary between animals.
Many poisonous plants cause sudden death.
Many poisonous plants look like their edible relatives or like other edible plants.
Most poisonous plants grow in areas.
Most poisonous plants grow on landscapes.
Most poisonous plants occur in areas.
Some poisonous plants are ivy, poinsettia, philodendron, baladium, and laurel.
Some poisonous plants cause death.
Some poisonous plants cause sudden death.
Some poisonous predators feed on arthropods.
Some poisonous predators feed on other arthropods.
Some poisonous predators feed on other terrestrial arthropods.
Some poisonous predators feed on terrestrial arthropods.
Poisonous products are an ever-present danger.
Most poisonous products come with warning labels.
Poisonous snakes are hazards in many locations, although deaths from snakebites are rare.
Poisonous snakes are native to every state except Alaska, Maine, and Hawaii.
Poisonous snakes are venomous animal which use their venom for capturing prey.
Poisonous snakes cause hundreds of deaths in India each year.
Poisonous snakes have fangs.
Poisonous snakes have two specialized hollow teeth called fangs.
Poisonous snakes inject venom.
Poisonous snakes live in a few areas.
Poisonous snakes take their toll as well.
Poisonous snakes use a toxin that immobilizes or kills their prey.
Poisonous snakes use their venom mainly for feeding rather than for defence.
Most poisonous snakes have fangs.
Most poisonous snakes have triangle-shaped heads.
Most poisonous snakes inject venom.
Some poisonous snakes eat snakes.
Some poisonous snakes have special fangs for injecting their venom.
Some poisonous snakes inject their venom through a pair of sharp, hollow or grooved teeth.
Poisonous species are almost non-existent in northeastern Illinois.
Poisonous species are quite rare.
Some poisonous species have many species that mimic it in an attempt to avoid predation.
Poisonous spiders are some of the shyest.
Poisonous spiders are spiders.
Poisonous spiders are very rare in Wisconsin.
Poisonous spiders live all over the world.
Poisonous spiders possess poison to kill their prey.
Some poisonous spiders bite predators.
Poisonous stonefishs live in tropical water.
Poisonous stonefishs live in water.
Most poisonous stonefishs live in tropical water.
Most poisonous stonefishs live in water.
Poisonous substances produce during growth.
Most poisonous substances produce during growth.
Some poisonous substances are produced by live organisms.
Some poisonous substances are produced by organisms.
Some poisonous substances are released by microbes.
Some poisonous substances are secreted by fungi.
Some poisonous substances cause burns.
Some poisonous substances damage various tissue.
Some poisonous substances require excretion.
Some poisonous substances result in irritation.
Some poisonous substances result in lung irritation.
All poisonous things are bitter.
Poisonous thoughts poison our bodies.
Some poisonous venom affects humans.
Poisonous wastes can cause cancer, birth defects, and even worse medical conditions.
Poitive depths are above the snow at the time of installation.
Poke root has a wide range of uses and is a valuable addition to many holistic treatments.
Poke root is an American perennial shrub which grows in damp woodlands, hedges, and waste places.
Poke root makes a splendid poultice for caked breasts.
A poke is an idler
Poke hook through hole, bring belly strip up firmly against hook and tie in.
Poke nose up.
Poke slits in the sides of the passenger wells and thread garbage-bag twists to make seat belts.
Every poke likes to trail some old cow's tail across the prairie sand.
Pokemon cards are a sophisticated form of currency.
Pokemon cards are products.
Pokemon cards are trading cards.
Pokemon cards depict imaginary creatures with assorted superpowers.
All pokemon cards Send a cute pokemon card to everyone.
Pokemon fever is everywhere, especially on the toy aisle.
Pokemon figures are luke warm now and cooling.
A poker chip is a counter
Poker chips come in many different styles and colors.
A poker face is countenance
Poker face is an absolute hoot.
A poker game is a cards
Poker games can be either high poker or low poker.
Poker games can either be high poker or low poker.
Poker games revive.
Some poker games allow other card rankings, too.
A poker hand is a hand
Poker hands are hands.
All poker hands contain five cards, the highest hand wins.
All poker hands contain five cards, the highesthand wins.
Poker machines turn on rows of pecking red.
Poker player maintains a higher edge over table opponents.
Poker players are a bit more disciplined.
Poker players are from varied backgrounds, cultures, ages, economic strata.
Poker players are no different.
Poker players are people.
Poker players are the best people in the world at determining when someone's lying.
Poker players can also rejoice.
Poker players do it with their own hand.
All poker players please proceed to the card arena.
Every poker player enjoys a side game of blackjack.
Every poker player has a tale or two to tell.
Every poker player uses both parts of the brain.
Poker psychology is so complex that top players sometimes fake the tells.
Poker tables are full of bad-beat stories.
Poker tournaments are a good venue for beginning players.
Poker tournaments take place almost every week of the year somewhere in the world.
Poker does sound good.
Poker faces all around.
Poker has so much more to do with people that it does with the cards.
Poker has the upsides of any dream job, and the downsides are often superficial mental ones.
Poker is a bit slow.
Poker is a 'black art' because it is played against humans who are far from perfect.
Poker is a bottomless pit of decisions and actions with financial ramifications.
Poker is a combination of luck and skill.
Poker is a common example of a game with incomplete information.
Poker is a complex mass of pot situations and player tendencies.
Poker is a contest of wit, deception and daring.
Poker is a family of gambling card games , but is often considered a skill based game.
Poker is a fun, incredible, rich game because anything and everything does happen constantly.
Poker is a gambling game which involves some luck, but also some skill.
Poker is a game of cards - but in reality it's a game of the mind.
Poker is a game of chance.
Poker is a game of human beings.
Poker is a game of people.
Poker is a game of probabilities and deception.
Poker is a game of risk management.
Poker is a game of skill and chance.
Poker is a good game for tourists.
Poker is a male dominated sport.
Poker is a name used to describe a wide range of games that perhaps have very little in common.
Poker is a people game.
Poker is a profession and a challenge, but it's also a business.
Poker is a varied card game with many different variations.
Poker is a zero-sum game.
Poker is about money.
Poker is an easy game to learn.
Poker is an easy game to play, but a difficult one to master.
Poker is an endurance game as well as everything else.
Poker is an ever-changing game.
Poker is an example of a game of incomplete information in which chance plays a role.
Poker is an excellent domain for artificial intelligence research.
Poker is an excellent source of combinatorial problems.
Poker is an implement
Poker is an interesting game.
Poker is available in nearby Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Poker is available to the south in Connecticut.
Poker is by far the most popular online poker discussion forum.
Poker is card games.
Poker is dealt on the weekends.
Poker is defined as card games.
Poker is different because it's meaningless without money.
Poker is games of chance.
Poker is like chess in certain ways.
Poker is more lucrative.
Poker is more of a money management game.
Poker is no different, and in fact, has more jargon than any other game.
Poker is often similar.
Poker is one of America's contributions to the world's games culture.
Poker is one of the most ancient and challenging of gambling games.
Poker is perfect.
Poker is played all over the world.
Poker is played by any number from two to eight with an ordinary pack of fifty-two cards.
Poker is played with one deck of playing cards and dealt only by professional dealers.
Poker is poker, whether the player is English, Chinese, or American.
Poker is poker's extra-vibrant internet newsgroup.
Poker is probably the most well known of all card games.
Poker is sedentary.
Poker is the archtypical confidence game.
Poker is the art of the bet, combined with smooth talking and high emotions.
Poker is the game of life in a nutshell, with rules.
Poker is the greatest game ever invented.
Poker is the typical example of a non-banking card game.
Poker is third.
Poker is very much the same.
Poker is, after all, a gambling game.
Poker is, of course, a game that can be played with real playing cards.
Poker needs to present a good image to the general public.
Poker requires a little bit of skill and a little bit of luck.
Poker runs and benefit activities scheduled throughout the season.
Poker starts out innocently enough with the usual quotient of drinking, farting and lying.
Poker works differently, both in cyberspace and in real poker rooms.
All poker downloads free slot target roulette play entertainment.
Pokeweed mitogen is a lectin , a protein that binds carbohydrate.
A pokey is a correctional institution
Pokey is a fat pig who likes to be a sidekick.
Pokey is a male springer spaniel.
Pokey is really a combination between a pet dog and a pet pony, or horse.
Pokey is the leader of the pig army.
Pokey is the orange ghost and is slow and moves in a random manner.
Pokey is very rangy.
Pokey likes to hunt at night and sleep all day.
Pokey makes everyone smile.
Pokies are coin or card-operated.
A pol is a leader
POL can damage paws and the dog's sense of smell.
POL can target physicians with a of variety tools.
Pols also have their pet projects.
Pols can buck the almighty polls and still survive.
Pols come and go, but press secretaries and reporters are forever.
Pols ponder the shifting loyalties of white, married female voters.
Pols run on the fact that they signed the pledge because it sounds real nice at election time.
Pols see next pres.
Every pol is a species of Casanova.
Most pols have limited mobility, at least within the public sector.
Most pols toss the tokens of appreciation after shaking hands and acting really, really grateful.
Poland isa thing.
Polar air is usually dry and a thunderstorm needs warm moist maritime air.
Polar air masses a cold air mass that forms in a high latitude source region.
Polar alignment can be less precise related to the fraction of a second exposures.
Polar alignment is a good thing.
Polar alignment is performed using the azamuth bar .
Polar alignment is simple with the pole - finder.
Polar alignment is the subject of another article.
Polar alignment means that the telescope has been aligned with the celestial coordinate system.
Polar atmospheres contain gases.
Polar atmospheres contain greenhouse gases.
Most polar atmospheres contain gases.
Most polar atmospheres contain greenhouse gases.
Polar basins have capacity.
Most polar basins have capacity.
Polar bear fur consists of layers.
Polar bear fur serves as insulation.
A polar bear is a bear
Polar bears adapt to environments.
Polar bears adapt to heat.
Polar bears are animals.
Polar bears are bears.
Polar bears are located in zoos.
Polar bears are mammals.
Polar bears are used for snow.
Polar bears are white.
Polar bears eat food.
Polar bears eat terrestrial food.
Polar bears enter dens.
Polar bears have capability.
Polar bears have features.
Polar bears have feet.
Polar bears have food.
Polar bears have functional mammary glands.
Polar bears have fur.
Polar bears have glands.
Polar bears have layers.
Polar bears have lifetimes.
Polar bears have lungs.
Polar bears have mammary glands.
Polar bears have ranges.
Polar bears have senses.
Polar bears have thick fur.
Polar bears have white fur.
Polar bears hibernate for time.
Polar bears hunt for food.
Polar bears live in habitats.
Polar bears live in natural habitats.
Polar bears need energy.
Polar bears pick up scent.
Polar bears reach maturity.
Polar bears reach sexual maturity.
Polar bears take advantage.
Polar bears to cope with conditions.
Polar bears to live life.
Polar bears to live solitary life.
Polar bears weigh pounds.
All polar bears are lefties.
All polar bears are white, providing camouflage when hunting.
All polar bears have bad breath.
Most polar bears adapt to environments.
Most polar bears adapt to heat.
Most polar bears eat food.
Most polar bears eat terrestrial food.
Most polar bears enter dens.
Most polar bears have capability.
Most polar bears have features.
Most polar bears have feet.
Most polar bears have food.
Most polar bears have functional mammary glands.
Most polar bears have fur.
Most polar bears have glands.
Most polar bears have layers.
Most polar bears have lifetimes.
Most polar bears have lungs.
Most polar bears have mammary glands.
Most polar bears have ranges.
Most polar bears have senses.
Most polar bears have thick fur.
Most polar bears have white fur.
Most polar bears hibernate for time.
Most polar bears live in habitats.
Most polar bears live in natural habitats.
Most polar bears live on ice where it meets open water.
Most polar bears pick up scent.
Most polar bears reach maturity.
Most polar bears reach sexual maturity.
Most polar bears sleep for seven to eight hours at a stretch and they take naps, too.
Most polar bears take advantage.
Most polar bears weigh pounds.
Some polar bears adapt to high fat diets.
Some polar bears attack humans.
Some polar bears become food.
Some polar bears become killers.
Some polar bears consume flowers.
Some polar bears exploit food sources.
Some polar bears exploit sources.
Some polar bears get attention.
Some polar bears have capacity.
Some polar bears have large capacity.
Some polar bears have large stomach capacity.
Some polar bears have low reproductive potential.
Some polar bears have natural predators.
Some polar bears have potential.
Some polar bears have predators.
Some polar bears have problems.
Some polar bears have reproductive potential.
Some polar bears learn patterns.
Some polar bears live at least part of the year on actual land, after winter ice and snow melt.
Some polar bears prey on caribou.
Some polar bears prey upon calves.
Some polar bears provide food.
Some polar bears rely on ice.
Some polar bears rely on sea ice.
Some polar bears spend part of the year on land.
Some polar bears starve to death.
A polar body is a cell
Polar body twins.
Polar bond See polar covalent bond .
Polar bonds are covalent bonds in which one of the atoms has a more negative charge than the other.
Polar bonds create a dipole-dipole intermolecular force.
Polar bonds happen when two atoms form a molecule using a covalent bond.
Polar City is so beautiful then.
Some polar compounds conduct electricity.
Polar design includes both current and voltage regulation control of the alternator output.
Polar ennui is explained.
Polar environments are in the Arctic and Antarctic regions.
Polar filaments are visible in the egg in the upper right quadrant of the image.
Polar flagella occur at one or both ends of the bacterium.
Polar fleece is double napped fabric usually made from polyester.
Polar fleece is hydrophobic and it is effective.
Polar fleece is so soft, warm and easy to care for.
Polar fragments are in yellow.
Polar fronts move further south in the winter and shift northward during the summer months.
Some polar fronts have distinct slopes.
Some polar fronts have slopes.
A polar glacier is a continental glacier
Polar glaciers have a very gentle relationship with the landscape.
Most polar glaciers are too cold to have meltwater.
Some polar highs can move into the nation from the north Pacific or north Atlantic.
Polar horns are parts of the outer radiation belts, which are close to Earth.
Polar ice is ice that covers the Earth's polar regions.
Polar lows tend to form when cold Arctic air flows over relatively warm open water.
Polar lubricant additives that lower friction and fill the pores of metal.
Polar night is a school of patience in itself.
Polar orbiter shows evidence of minicomet bombardment.
A polar region is a climatic zone
Polar regions are bright, possibly due to a haze of small particles that lie above the main clouds.
Polar regions atlas.
Polar regions experience a radiation deficit .
Polar regions experience climates.
Polar regions experience little chemical weathering.
Polar regions experience temperate climates.
Polar regions get sunlight.
Polar regions have myofilaments and are contacted by efferent nerve fibers.
Polar regions play an essential role in the processes affecting the world's climate.
Polar regions receive less solar energy per unit area, and so less heat, than tropical regions do.
Polar regions receive more water as precipitation and river runoff than they lose via evaporation.
Polar regions reflect the greatest changes in ozone concentrations, especially the South Pole.
Polar regions respond quickly to changes in climate conditions.
Most polar regions get sunlight.
Some polar regions get energy.
Some polar regions have microscopes.
Polar representations are equally useful.
Polar satellites provide detail information.
Polar satellites provide information.
Polar satellites provide more detail information.
Polar satellites provide more information.
Many polar satellites occupy low orbits so are visible and travel north-south.
Most polar satellites provide detail information.
Most polar satellites provide information.
Most polar satellites provide more detail information.
Most polar satellites provide more information.
Polar solvents dissolve polar molecules.
Polar solvents dissolve polar solutes.
Polar things are found living there.
Polar vortices are weakest during summer and strongest during winter.
Polar wandering is probably due to fluctuations in the convection patterns in the liquid outer core.
Polarimetric measurements provide information on the texture and composition of Europa.
Polarimetric observation studies the light moving along a given plane.
A polarisation is a condition
Polarisation greatly complicates everything, codes become rare and none is fully public domain.
Polarisation is a unique way of improving the quality of our ordinary drinking water.
Polarisation is no longer an accurate depiction of the Cuban problem.
Polarisation is whether radio waves are transmitted horizontally or vertically.
Polarity inversion is accomplished with computer-type jumpers.
Polarity reversal causes problems with some information outlets.
Polarity reversals occur every several thousand to many millions of years.
Polarity therapy is a holistic approach to natural health care.
Polarity therapy is a kind of acupuncture without the needles.
Polarity therapy is received fully clothed, so please wear comfortable clothing.
A polarity is opposition
Polarities are apparently opposite, but complementary, characteristics.
Polarities are opposites, one thing against another.
Polarities are opposition.
Polarities are the basis for all that exists in the world.
Polarities are unsolvable and unavoidable.
Polarities exist because of a lacking flow between different aspects of the person.
Polarities repeat in the sculpture.
Polarities seek their opposites.
Polarity aims to find and cure the imbalance of elements in the body s system.
Polarity also affects the shape of the weld.
Polarity can either be horizontal or vertical.
Polarity causes magnetization to have opposite effects.
Polarity changes on one lead during lock and on the other lead during unlock.
Polarity denotes the relative electrical charge between two points.
Polarity derives from the uneven distribution of charges in the water molecule.
Polarity gives in the ability to dissolve both ionic compounds and other polar molecules.
Polarity internally switch selectable.
Polarity is a term used in electricity, magnetism, and electronic signaling.
Polarity is also related to solubility.
Polarity is an important concept in the mechanisms of antibiotics as well.
Polarity is compensation and still presupposes the whole.
Polarity is covered in detail.
Polarity is definitely the more important of the two.
Polarity is embedded in classification.
Polarity is necessary for consciousness, in voidness there is no consciousness.
Polarity is of no consequence since the secondary coil is isolated.
Polarity is one of the first features that appears in embryonic development.
Polarity is performed by touching, or bridging, energetically-interconnected points.
Polarity is reversible via an internal selector switch.
Polarity is reversible.
Polarity is shown on the log to the right.
Polarity is the feeling of separateness, symbolized by the conflict between the sexes.
Polarity is the governing scheme.
Polarity is Vertical.
Polarity isa relation.
Polarity makes it an excellent solvent for polar molecules and ions.
Polarity occurs in many tissues and is often required for proper development.
Polarity occurs when a mutation in an operon effects genes downstream in the operon.
Polarity offers right livelihood and is nonviolent to man and nature.
Polarity promotes deep relaxation and revitalization by balancing the body's energy.
Polarity recognizes that a relationship consists of two parties, and thus two terms - aunt, niece.
Polarity refers to direction of character evolution.
Polarity refers to like channels on a satellite such as all odd channels or all even channels.
Polarity refers to the orientation of the earth's magnetic field.
Polarity refers to the phase of the signal in relation to the string vibration.
Polarity selects whether the positive pulse, negative pulse, or both are tested.
Polarity switch to accommodate different types of cable requirements.
Polarity works as a mental tool.
Polarity works with bodywork, diet, yoga and awareness.
Polarization diversity is used so that the device is insensitive to input polarization.
Polarization of light is useful , after it has been filtered .
Polarization of light is useful, after it has been filtered.
Polarization of light is very useful in many aspects of optical microscopy.
Polarization aids both normal immune response and the invasion of malignant lymphocytes.
Polarization can also help separate the three types of fluctuations.
Polarization can result in a total breakdown of responsible thinking.
Polarization controls change in momentum.
Polarization defines the atmosphere.
Polarization exists in the ovum with the animal and vegetal halves.
Polarization fenomena in nuclear reactions.
Polarization grows stronger.
Polarization has to do with the direction in which the electromagnetic fields are vibrating.
Polarization helps reduce the potential for shock.
Polarization helps reveal key aspects of nuclear structure.
Polarization helps saturate colors by removing the sheen of reflective objects.
Polarization increases resistance and decreases responses.
Polarization involves interference.
Polarization is a general property of waves that describes the orientation of their oscillations.
Polarization is a natural thing for people of our society to experience.
Polarization is a necessary and unavoidable stage of any process of transformation.
Polarization is a process by which a charge can be effected on the surface of an insulator.
Polarization is a property of transverse waves.
Polarization is a relative measurement which allows for simple and extremely accurate calibration.
Polarization is a technique by which light can be filtered through a translucent film.
Polarization is a term given to name the unequal sharing of electrons in a covalent bond.
Polarization is a thin wafer-like film that is sandwiched between two layers of plastic.
Polarization is an essential feature of systems with flow.
Polarization is an optical phenomenon
Polarization is based on the premise that there are good guys and bad guys .
Polarization is circular.
Polarization is conditions.
Polarization is horizontal.
Polarization is in general described by an ellipse.
Polarization is measured by passing the photon through a polarizer.
Polarization is on the rise everywhere.
Polarization is one way the system preserves balance, but it is an unstable and conflictual balance.
Polarization is optional.
Polarization is physical events.
Polarization is produced in a room temperature volume.
Polarization is reduced between people who want to do business.
Polarization is reflected in political and communal policy choices.
Polarization is strengthened by the streams of blood dividing the two ethnic groups.
Polarization is such a powerful organizing tool that few organizations can resist using it.
Polarization is the direction in which the photon's electric field vibrates.
Polarization is the name of the game.
Polarization occurs at so many levels of medicine.
Polarization occurs often and without hesitation when talking in terms of black and white.
Polarization occurs when light is scattered in the atmosphere .
Polarization phenomena in high energy reactions.
Polarization provides a more direct test in that it can only be generated through scattering.
Polarization refers to the direction of oscillation for the electromagnetic wave of a photon.
Polarization sensing typically involve polarizing filters or beam splitters.
Polarization signatures from distributions of large ice hydrometeors.
Polarization strongly effects the velocity of light waves.
Polarization often has very beneficial results.
Polarization often results, and solutions become more difficult than ever.
All polarizations have the same flag value.
Polarized animation is a unique process using polarized light to create the effect of motion.
Polarized animation is also a polarizer.
Polarized disturbances are the first step toward antiperception.
Polarized emission is increased when the molecular rotation of a fluorophore is reduced.
Polarized glasses are indispensable for spotting and stalking fish.
Polarized lenses are another popular choice in ski goggles.
Polarized lenses are available in glass and plastics.
Polarized lenses are the best way to eliminate both glare and UV light.
Polarized lenses are the most effective way to reduce glare and eliminate most damaging UV rays.
Polarized lenses are a great choice for skiers, drivers and people who enjoy water sports.
Polarized lenses are also available for each style.
Polarized lenses are also available for several styles.
Polarized lenses are available as clip-ons, too, and offer UV protection as well.
Polarized lenses are available for several styles.
Polarized lenses are best.
Polarized lenses are good for cutting reflected glare.
Polarized lenses are the best at taking it out.
Polarized lenses are the best way to eliminate both glare and UV light.
Polarized lenses are.
Polarized light has waves which all line up in the same direction.
Polarized light helps reduce glints from shiny or highly reflective parts.
Polarized light is depolarized when reflected from a grainy projection screen.
Polarized light is light with an electric field that oscillates in only one plane.
Polarized light is used in passive stereovision.
Polarized light reveals birefringent silica crystals.
Polarized light shows talc particles in blood vessels and interstitium.
Polarized magnets have north seeking and south seeking poles.
Polarized progressives are perfect for the presbyope who is also an outdoor sports aficionado.
Polarized sunglasses are also available if they are needed.
Polarized sunglasses are great for fishing.
Polarized sunglasses are preferred.
Polarized sunglasses are very helpful in distinguishing water colors.
Polarized sunglasses are very helpful in spotting the dished-out spawning nests made by bream.
Polarized sunglasses help reduce glare.
Polarized sunglasses provide superior glare protection.
Polarized sunglasses secured by a strap are a good idea on reasonably calm, clear days.
Polarized sunglasses stop photons swinging up and down from passing .
Polarized sunglasses stop photons swinging up and down from passing.
Polarized sunglasses work wonders.
Most polarizing filters consist of an outer ring and an inner ring.
Polartec fleece is lightweight, quick drying and compactable.
Polaview projectors are ideal for business, education and government use.
A polder is a land
Polders make new land for agriculture and make flood protection better, because the lake is smaller.
Pole arms can be unwieldy and so are always held in two hands.
Pole barns are quick, economical buildings.
A pole bean is a legume
Pole bean needs trellis or other support.
Pole beans are beans.
Pole beans begin to bear later than bush beans, but yield more heavily over a longer period of time.
Pole beans produce beans.
Pole beans use space efficiently and yield over a long period.
Most pole beans produce beans.
Pole buildings can make good storage facilities if prepared correctly.
Pole cells constitute the germ line for the next generation.
Pole cells migrate around the embryo, at first passively and then actively.
Pole climbing is required.
Pole Creek meanders in and out of property.
A pole position is a position
Pole position is the best place to start .
Pole position is the best place to start.
Pole position is variable both fore and aft and up and down.
Pole reinforcement prolongs the life of existing poles for years to come.
All pole shifts relate to the ice ages.
Pole system is moved to next wall space to be exposed.
A pole vaulter is an athlete
Pole vaulters are special people, with special needs.
Pole vaulters are subject to body weight verification.
Pole weight is important.
A pole is a rod
Pole barns and much more.
Pole indicates center of green.
Pole isa implement.
POLE provides a model to shapeshift the corporate world.
Pole saws for trimming and shaping ornamental trees.
Poles add stability and distribute power between the arms and legs.
Poles add to the initial cost of course construction.
Poles add weight to a tent but can supply sturdiness as well.
Poles add weight to a tent, but can supply sturdiness as well.
Poles also allow a full body workout, which is difficult to get outside of the gym.
Poles also make stream crossings much less intimidating.
Poles also transport the seriously ill to stationary hospitals.
Poles are a good idea.
Poles are a rebellious nation, regardless of who is governing.
Poles are a very big problem so good photo-spots are very few.
Poles are a weak link in pump staging.
Poles are also a major consideration.
Poles are also some of the friendliest people in Europe.
Poles are also the only way to handle a strong current, as in mid-river.
Poles are also to be used for the administration of the country.
Poles are also useful for construction of temporary structures.
Poles are also very helpful.
Poles are always helpfull with the shoes.
Poles are an option.
Poles are available for rent.
Poles are crucial to the performance of any tent.
Poles are ends.
Poles are ethnic groups.
Poles are expedition-strength aluminum with locking tips in case of severe wind or rain storms.
Poles are extra stiff to maximize poling performance.
Poles are extra.
Poles are fiberglass, which is strong and flexible, but twice as heavy as aluminum.
Poles are for catfish.
Poles are frequently Opposites.
Poles are friendly, industrious people and foreigners are usually made very welcome.
Poles are great things.
Poles are helpful away from the steeps.
Poles are humans.
Poles are in attraction.
Poles are in place to support bottles filled with intravenous fluids.
Poles are lowest on the list of performance equipment of skiing.
Poles are loyal to their banks.
Poles are made of metal.
Poles are most susceptible to decay near the ground-line.
Poles are non-rotating and a variety of pole caps are available.
Poles are on the round ends just like heads and tails on a coin.
Poles are on the round faces.
Poles are only few and there are some tunnels.
Poles are opinion.
Poles are out of bounds.
Poles are out of galv.
Poles are part of magnets.
Poles are part of the tent, fold up with fabric, and are impossible to lose.
Poles are points.
Poles are ready to be treated after drying.
Poles are rods.
Poles are same color as ski's.
Poles are so protective of their privacy that all personnal numbers are unlisted.
Poles are still down in the roads.
Poles are sturdy and good design.
Poles are taller and sturdier.
Poles are the long, segmented rods used for the structural support of the tent body.
Poles are the main factor in determining a tent's stability.
Poles are the number of connections a switch can make.
Poles are used for boat plying.
Poles are used for house construction.
Poles are useful.
Poles are very helpful while edging.
Poles are very visible, and their organisations are very active.
Poles can add balance and control on the downhills.
Poles can also glide through water for a considerable distance before reaching the seabed.
Poles CAN occur at zero frequency.
Poles come in a number of materials.
Poles come in a variety of finishes.
Poles criss-cross over the top, producing a hexagonal, octagonal or similar geometrical shape.
Poles crisscross over the top, producing a hexagonal, octagonal, or similar geometrical shape.
Poles does site maintenance on a volunteer basis.
Poles go down deep.
Poles have (part) sections.
Poles have arrangements.
Poles have extensive experience functioning within the global model.
Poles have latitudes.
Poles have temperature.
Poles help too.
Poles hold the wires high above the ground out of the reach of people and livestock.
Poles is truly an outstanding surf spot.
Poles know the value of peace.
Poles learn fast how to move in the general market of insurance.
Poles like to drink, and usually they like to drink chilled vodka .
Poles line the rows as reminders of the past.
Poles love the West.
Poles make a seine an easy piece of equipment to operate.
Poles make special doughnuts called paczki.
Poles measure from eight feet to over a hundred feet in height.
Poles overlap each other to form an equal or near equal geometric shape.
Poles provide a very decorative way to hang curtains.
Poles resemble a collectivity afflicted with a serious illness.
Poles spend more on non-life insurance than on life insurance.
Poles stoically endure physical illness.
Poles support surfaces.
Poles support tail surfaces.
Poles take place of the dividers.
Poles thread through either sleeves or clips.
Poles weigh less than seven pounds.
Poles often differ on many issues.
All pole filters, z-transforms, matrices and linear equations for speech modeling.
All poles are color coded with simple paint at the end of pole.
All poles are fiber core reinforced at critical stress points.
All poles are two-piece with metal screw joints.
All poles come with a special designed, high quality, revolving truck as standard equipment.
Any pole missing symbolizes a loss in the family.
Many poles are now adjustable.
Many poles come with additional features that are worth checking out.
More poles means greater strength and durability.
Most poles are made of metal.
Most poles have a cylindrical shape which is carried out through the entire pole.
Most poles have arrangements.
Most poles have temperature.
Most Poles learn as a child how to distinguish between different varieties of mushrooms.
Most poles support tail surfaces.
Some poles are less cumbersome than others.
Some poles are made of bamboo.
Some poles are made of firs.
Some poles are near geographic poles.
Some poles are near poles.
Some poles cover with fiber.
Some poles have a plastic loop that encircles the grip.
Some poles have contributions.
Some poles have partial charge.
Some poles have partial positive charge.
Some poles have positive charge.
Some poles hold cages.
Some poles just hold weight from above, but others resist wind load or vertical stresses.
Some poles practically collapse, much like an antenna on a portable radio.
A polecat is a carnivore
Polecat isa mammal.
Polecats approach prey.
Polecats are about the same size as a ferret.
Polecats are active mostly at night and rely on their sense of smell to locate food.
Polecats are mainly polygynous, which means having more than one mating partner.
Polecats are quite territorial, and for the most part, live solitary lives.
Polecats are solitary in nature, nocturnal and active throughout the year.
Polecats build their dens in cavities underneath barns and tree roots or in sloping stream banks.
Polecats cross rivers.
Polecats defend territory.
Polecats eat meat.
Polecats emit cluck sound.
Polecats emit secretion.
Polecats emit smell secretion.
Polecats emit sound.
Polecats grow out of play behaviour while domestic ferrets engage in such behaviour all their lives.
Polecats have (part) brains.
Polecats have (part) breasts.
Polecats have (part) cell membranes.
Polecats have (part) cells.
Polecats have (part) chest cavities.
Polecats have (part) chests.
Polecats have (part) corpi.
Polecats have (part) cytoplasm.
Polecats have (part) ears.
Polecats have (part) faces.
Polecats have (part) heads.
Polecats have (part) nuclei.
Polecats have (part) pedal extremities.
Polecats have (part) piluses.
Polecats have (part) plasma membranes.
Polecats have (part) rib cages.
Polecats have (part) sections.
Polecats have (part) skulls.
Polecats have (part) sterna.
Polecats have (part) vacuoles.
Polecats have (part) vertebrate feet.
Polecats have brown fur.
Polecats have coats.
Polecats have distinctive face masks and white ear markings.
Polecats have fur.
Polecats have furry tails.
Polecats have glands.
Polecats have heads.
Polecats have long furry tails.
Polecats have long tails and short legs.
Polecats have long tails.
Polecats have scent glands.
Polecats have short legs.
Polecats have short, dark tails and rounded ears.
Polecats have tails.
Polecats have territory.
Polecats hunt creatures.
Polecats hunt prey.
Polecats live in dens.
Polecats mark territory.
Polecats occupy habitats.
Polecats prefer areas.
Polecats prey mainly on mice, rats, and other rodents.
Polecats reach maturity.
Polecats reach sexual maturity.
Polecats use burrows.
Polecats often fall victim to domestic animals and night traffic on roads.
Polecats often make dens in stream banks or under tree roots.
Most polecats approach prey.
Most polecats defend territory.
Most polecats eat meat.
Most polecats emit smell secretion.
Most polecats emit sound.
Most polecats have brown fur.
Most polecats have coats.
Most polecats have fur.
Most polecats have furry tails.
Most polecats have glands.
Most polecats have heads.
Most polecats have long furry tails.
Most polecats have long tails.
Most polecats have scent glands.
Most polecats have short legs.
Most polecats have tails.
Most polecats have territory.
Most polecats live in dens.
Most polecats mark territory.
Most polecats reach maturity.
Most polecats reach sexual maturity.
Most polecats use burrows.
Some polecats are classified in families.
Some polecats eat lizards.
Some polecats feed on animals.
Some polecats feed on eels.
Some polecats feed on whole animals.
Some polecats have burrows.
Some polecats have faces.
Some polecats have rounder faces.
Some polecats have senses.
Some polecats inhabit territory.
Some polecats lead life.
Some polecats live in burrows.
Some polecats starve to death.
Some polecats take places.
Some polecats use alternative methods.
Some polecats use methods.
A polemic is an author
Polemics are an aggressive engagement at the edges of politeness.
Polemics are christian theology.
Polemics are controversy.
Polemics ignite when the meaning of the length of an analysis is questioned.
Polemics is free software.
Polemics is really a French art.
Polemics lead to hatred and division.
Polemics try to prove the other wrong while dialogue is conducted to understand the other.
Polemics often take precedent over balanced reporting, and the media tycoons interfere too much.
Polemical debates happen all the time in France.
Police abuse is systemic and frequently encouraged by headline hungry prosecutors and politicians.
Police abuse takes place in the public streets and in the prison system.
A police academy is an academy
Police academies are academies.
Police academies are films.
Police academies give recruits eight weeks to nine months of intense training.
Some police academies offer courses by correspondence.
A police action is an action
Police action based exclusively on the basis of race certainly is objectionable.
Police action can, as the Lawrence Inquiry report suggests be 'unwitting'.
Police action is subject to the equal protection clause.
Police actions are military actions.
Police actions are violent actions.
Police agencies are able to pinpoint the locations of cell phones.
Police agencies are responsible for the prevention, detection and investigation of crimes.
Police agencies attribute the change in law enforcement strategies to a number of factors.
Police agencies can also establish drug courts or implement crime prevention programs.
Police agencies conduct criminal investigations based upon the law.
Police agencies define and count for the purpose of deterring gang crime.
Police agencies incur huge overtime expenses.
Police agencies see the decoy program as one of the best enforcement devices.
Police agencies take actions.
Police agencies vary on regulations regarding public access to files and photographs.
All police agencies can use numerous methods to help a troubled youth.
Many police agencies are already under court-ordered consent decrees to hire and promote more women.
Many police agencies are short handed and overworked.
Most police agencies take actions.
Some police agencies have staff qualified to perform fingerprinting.
Some police agencies shrink from the high costs.
Police authorities blame still unknown vigilante groups operating in the city.
Police authority means the Iowa state patrol or any law enforcement agency of a county or city.
Police brutality continues to plague people of color.
Police brutality extends from coast to coast and it is happening every day.
Police brutality has to stop.
Police brutality is a big problem.
Police brutality is a constant concern for people of color.
Police brutality is a daily occurrence.
Police brutality is a huge problem for black people in the United States.
Police brutality is a national problem and a national disgrace.
Police brutality is an everyday occurrence in the United States.
Police brutality is another area of concern.
Police brutality is bad.
Police brutality is color-blind.
Police brutality is common, particularly during the arrest and investigation stages.
Police brutality is far from being a major issue in New York City.
Police brutality is fundamental.
Police brutality is made possible by the arrogance of statist policies in many arenas.
Police brutality is nothing new.
Police brutality is on the rise.
Police brutality is part and parcel of the onslaught on the poor.
Police brutality is well documented in many countries, especially Latin America.
Police brutality is worse.
Police brutality represents darkness.
Police calls are often mixed up.
A police car is a car
Police cars are also much smaller than fire trucks, and significantly easier to maneuver in traffic.
Police cars are cars.
Police cars are emergency vehicles.
Police cars are located in roadblock.
Police cars are present and everyone is waiting for an ambulance.
Police cars are really lousy.
Police cars cruise.
Police cars glide ominously with the flow of traffic.
Police cars hide to catch speed violators and earn the fine for their police department.
Police cars kill far more people than do police guns.
Police cars line every street around the campus.
Police cars roll up.
Police cars surround the parlor from every direction, readying themselves for a raid.
Police chaplains are there to minister to the officers.
Police checkpoints are a common cause of delays.
Police checkpoints are along roads outside the capital.
Police checkpoints contribute to unsafe travel on roads leading out of the city.
A police chief is a policeman
Police chiefs acknowledge it happens, but say it's only a tiny portion of police officers who do it.
Police chiefs are more politicians than cops.
Police chiefs are no-nonsense professionals bound by the highest ethical standards.
Police chiefs can agree with education officers that criminality begins in the home.
Police chiefs draw sharply differing conclusions from the figures.
Police chiefs interpret the numbers quite differently.
Police chiefs recognize the value of prevention programs.
Police chiefs say the war on drugs resembles Vietnam.
Police chiefs seem to be especially concerned about it.
Most police chiefs prefer alternative methods of crime control over the death penalty.
Some police chiefs agree.
Some police chiefs describe death.
Some police chiefs read articles.
A police constable is a policeman
Police constables act as coordinators, exercising the actual authority.
Police corruption abounds.
Police corruption is a constant problem.
Police corruption is another issue the inquiry has managed to keep from public scrutiny.
Police corruption is on the rise, and prison conditions remain poor.
Police corruption is widespread.
Police corruption remains a significant problem.
Police corruption undermines the foundation of our city.
A police cruiser is a car
Police cruisers are on the lookout from side streets.
Police cruisers patrolling now are a common, and benign, sight.
Police custody is, therefore, typically for hours rather than days, weeks or months.
A police department is a local department
Police department needs updated equipment.
Police departments are a funny kind of bureaucracy.
Police departments are able legally to secure firearms through seizure or forfeiture.
Police departments are local departments.
Police departments are now more likely to make arrests in domestic violence cases than in the past.
Police departments are only as successful as the community they serve.
Police departments are public agencies, funded through public money.
Police departments are understaffed.
Police departments can only do so much.
Police departments charge for good character clearances.
Police departments cost a lot of money.
Police departments do investigate their share of traffic accidents, however.
Police departments get more money when there is more crime.
Police departments have limited budgets, but the competition for their business is quite fierce.
Police departments have procedures for lodging complaints against officers.
Police departments have squads dedicated to tracking gang activity.
Police departments keep lists of employees who speak second languages.
Police departments love it.
Police departments offer benefits.
Police departments offer death benefits.
Police departments provide officers trained in assisting victims of sexual assault.
Police departments receive case assistance.
Police departments receive cash assistance.
Police departments recommend that homeowners purchase doors with cane bolts and hasps.
Police departments remain divided over the effectiveness of psychics.
Police departments require an associates degree or high school diploma.
Police departments say they work, sometimes amazingly well.
Police departments train and use snipers .
Police departments train and use snipers.
Police departments use forfeiture proceeds to fatten their budgets.
Police departments use similar tracking devices known as tethers for certain criminal offenders.
Police departments welcome the help while civil liberties group are up in arms.
Police departments work for city governments, and for the citizens at large.
All police departments use RWD vehicles.
Every police department has an internal affairs system in place to investigate citizens complaints.
Every police department has such a policy.
Many police departments do in fact let their officers carry weapons off duty.
Many police departments have their own guidelines to minimize risks to the public.
Many police departments issue pepper spray for use by their officers.
Many police departments offer a citizen ride-along program.
Many police departments require a minimum number of collars per officer per month.
Many police departments use drug forfeiture money to fund the program.
Many police departments use our systems to fight crime while keeping prosecution costs low.
Most police departments are happy to help kids learn to ride their bikes safely.
Most police departments are responsible for the administration and control of their own budgets.
Most police departments expect officers to log lots of overtime occasionally.
Most police departments have a crime prevention officer, who can help in many ways.
Most police departments have three shifts.
Most police departments offer benefits.
Most police departments offer death benefits.
Most police departments report crime statistics to state and federal criminal justice agencies.
Most police departments say they provide equal treatment.
Most police departments treat traffic tickets on a quota system.
Some police departments require a college degree.
Some police departments track the false alarm rates of alarm companies.
Some police departments use unmarked or partially marked police vehicles for traffic enforcement.
A police detective is a policeman
Police detectives are police officers who investigate crimes and pursue criminals.
Police detectives can search through files of fingerprint records.
Police detectives receive a yearly cleaning allotment in lieu of uniforms.
Police detectives say four people have fallen victim to the clever con.
Police detectives work on cases.
Police detectives work tirelessly until a case is solved or closed.
Most police detectives begin their careers as patrol officers.
Most police detectives work on cases.
Police districts hold at least two meetings a year.
A police dog is a dog
Police Dogs are good patrol dogs.
Police dogs are located in roadblock.
Police dogs live with their officers even when they are off duty.
Police dogs smell out criminals, drugs, and hidden explosives.
Police dogs survey dangerous crime scenes involving drugs, bombs, and other high-risk situations.
Police escort is provided and a special description of the itinerary is prepared for the occasion.
A police force is a personnel
Police force works with the organization of shop owners and offers seminars on robbery prevention.
Police forces are capable of arm officers.
Police forces are ill-equipped to provide effective protection.
Police forces are largely ineffective.
Police forces are unwilling to admit they turn to psychic sleuths when they are stumped by a case.
Police forces suffer from a lack of manpower, resources and equipment.
Police forces suffer from lack of manpower, resources and equipment.
All police forces have Officers trained in crime prevention.
Every police force has a unit set up to process the requests.
Most Police forces allow some PCSOs to use laser and radar guns to help enforce speed limits.
Most police forces hold regular 'identity parades' of stolen goods.
Most police forces work closely with such organisations.
Police harassment has an entirely different connotation for the two.
Police harassment is a constant threat and reality.
Police helicopters are in search of a suspect.
Police helicopters fly overhead, scanning yards and alleys for runaway criminals.
Police helicopters keep media choppers away.
Police horses are an excellent example of well trained horses that deal with stressful situations.
Police inspectors have to go in the field, to find clues and evidence.
Police investigations reveal answers.
Police investigations reveal issues.
Police lights are red and blue.
Police misconduct is an especial concern.
Police misconduct is very much tied into the war on drugs as well.
Police motorcycles are a common sight.
Police office receives emergency calls.
A police officer is a lawman
Police officer determines status of fire and orders evacuation, if necessary.
Police officer feels vulnerable with big debt and small savings.
Police officer injured in auto accident while returning from court is entitled to benefits.
Police officers accompany inspectors on compliance checks.
Police officers act as detectives.
Police officers are a close knit group of people.
Police officers are a mirrored image of the society from which they emerge.
Police officers are able to murder and get away with it.
Police officers are abusing their authority and their guns, they say.
Police officers are accountable to the people for their decisions and the subsequent consequences.
Police officers are also available while on foot, bicycle or vehicle patrol.
Police officers are available to speak on a variety of topics.
Police officers are capable of cases.
Police officers are capable of slow traffic.
Police officers are committed and dedicated to ensure it occurs.
Police officers are courageous and professional in performing their duties.
Police officers are especially vulnerable during the hours of darkness.
Police officers are even more hesitant than the average citizen to get help for emotional problems.
Police officers are everywhere.
Police officers are human and prone to make mistakes, also.
Police officers are human and therefore make mistakes.
Police officers are human, and make mistakes.
Police officers are human, and they can be shy sometimes.
Police officers are human, too.
Police officers are human.
Police officers are humans.
Police officers are just people, no worse and no better than others.
Police officers are kinda strange characters.
Police officers are located in beats.
Police officers are located in cities.
Police officers are located in streets.
Police officers are more hesitant than the average citizen to get help for emotional problems.
Police officers are more up-front and honest about their job than social workers.
Police officers are more willing to trust and confide in a fellow officer.
Police officers are nearby, but nowhere to be seen.
Police officers are no better or worse than most people.
Police officers are no better than the citizens who pay their salaries.
Police officers are no different than other citizens.
Police officers are no exception.
Police officers are no more or no less than the community itself.
Police officers are now significantly better paid and have better housing than army officers.
Police officers are often a victim's first and last line of defense.
Police officers are often the only witnesses to assaults or abuse by other officers.
Police officers are on call twenty-four hours a day.
Police officers are our friends and protectors.
Police officers are our friends.
Police officers are part of police departments.
Police officers are peace officers.
Police officers are people.
Police officers are police officials and policemen.
Police officers are public officials.
Police officers are radio dispatched to all calls for emergency or routine services.
Police officers are responsible for enforcing highway traffic regulations.
Police officers are responsible for managing traffic.
Police officers are terribly underpaid.
Police officers are there for if things get out of hand.
Police officers are uniformed in light blue shirts and dark blue trousers.
Police officers are union members, just like the striking janitors.
Police officers are usually symbols of control.
Police officers are very brave.
Police officers arrive at domestic violence scenes with certain expectations.
Police officers arrive on scenes.
Police officers assume many roles during their tour of duty.
Police officers begin the charging process with an arrest or a citation.
Police officers bring charges and testify against defendants in the municipal court.
Police officers bring juvenile violators to the centers.
Police officers call parents of first offenders.
Police officers can be mistaken, intoxication tests can be faulty.
Police officers can complete reports from any available desk.
Police officers can conduct their own background checks and update incident records.
Police officers can confiscate such devices and fine violators.
Police officers can deal with problems ranging from gang violence to family disputes.
Police officers can detect criminal activity more than two thousand feet away.
Police officers can educate residents, shopkeepers, etc, in violence prevention techniques.
Police officers can instantly determine whether a particular vehicle has been stolen.
Police officers can lie.
Police officers can only make stops for two reasons.
Police officers can quickly check plates, driver's licenses, scofflaws wants and warrants.
Police officers can respond to any emergency or call within their assigned jurisdictions.
Police officers can serve as trainers and teachers.
Police officers can still arrest anyone who grows too much or tries to sell it.
Police officers can take any alcohol, money, or property used in committing the offense.
Police officers can track the movement of crime, drugs, gangs, and activity month by month.
Police officers can work more effectively in collaboration with local residents.
Police officers can work on lessons while on duty or at home.
Police officers carry the stuffed animals in their cars to comfort children in tragic situations.
Police officers change during their career in law enforcement.
Police officers claim the retaining wall is also too high and is causing a serious safety hazard.
Police officers complain that starting pay in Dallas lags behind many suburbs.
Police officers conduct classes, consisting of lectures, role-plays and demonstrations.
Police officers crack jokes in any situation.
Police officers develop expertise in everything from computers to community organization.
Police officers develop heart disease from constant stress.
Police officers didn t want to be surprised by easily opened knives in encounters with gang members.
Police officers disagree.
Police officers do lie.
Police officers do random checks to make sure the bar is in compliance.
Police officers do what it takes to control and be in control of the situation at all times.
Police officers drive around campus in the parking lot or near the high school on the highway.
Police officers enter information into the database on various problems they encounter.
Police officers face the same stresses as employees in other professions.
Police officers face very dangerous people and deadly situations daily.
Police officers fear the call for help in a domestic dispute.
Police officers gain experience.
Police officers get a free cup.
Police officers give kids a road test and short course with safety games and races.
Police officers give the cards away.
Police officers go through training, as well.
Police officers have a better understanding of domestic violence and the needs of the victims.
Police officers have a brand-new weapon to catch cyber crooks who target children.
Police officers have a credibility unmatched by regular classroom teachers.
Police officers have a dangerous job and are always on guard.
Police officers have a difficult job, yes.
Police officers have a duty to vindicate the right to counsel.
Police officers have a high-risk job compared to many others.
Police officers have a lot of discretion.
Police officers have a right to use reasonable force to carry out their work.
Police officers have a wide range of duties.
Police officers have access to drugs in the course of their work.
Police officers have an enormous suicide rate.
Police officers have an even higher duty.
Police officers have an overriding discretion as to whether the circumstances warrant a pursuit.
Police officers have at common law the same powers of arrest as private persons.
Police officers have discretion to arrest even in contravention of such advice.
Police officers have duties.
Police officers have every right to defend themselves.
Police officers have general duties.
Police officers have law enforcement powers, are uniformed and carry firearms.
Police officers have no absolute right to counsel of their own choosing at municipal expense.
Police officers have no incentive to support anything other than the status quo.
Police officers have one of the most stressful jobs on the market.
Police officers have one of the strongest appeal processes of any employee group.
Police officers have one of the worlds most stressful jobs.
Police Officers have opportunities to advance skills in a variety of responsibilities.
Police officers have primary and general law enforcement obligations.
Police officers have qualified immunity from a suit under sec.
Police officers have rights, too.
Police officers have the authority to arrest a person for violating state or local laws.
Police officers have the same rights as everyone else.
Police officers have to be above reproach.
Police officers have to be motivated by a value system.
Police officers have to investigate the crime, interview witnesses and arrest suspects.
Police officers have to patrol and respond to emergencies as quickly as possible.
Police officers have working contacts with foreigners from all over the world.
Police officers hear plenty of excuses from people caught speeding.
Police officers instruct the course with school teachers in the classroom setting.
Police officers insure the safety of people at home and at work.
Police officers investigate all criminal complaints received.
Police officers investigate death.
Police officers investigate statutory rapes.
Police officers issue tickets.
Police officers keep a tight rein on the speed limits here.
Police officers knock on doors.
Police officers know better than anyone the value of sound gun control measures.
Police officers know the problems in proving child abuse cases.
Police officers learn how and what to observe then document.
Police officers learn through training and socialization to stabilize and control situations.
Police officers maintain order, enforce laws and protect life and property.
Police officers make a living trying to minimize circumstances that lead to violent crime.
Police Officers Make about traffic signals out of red, green and yellow paper.
Police officers make great friends.
Police officers make more arrests each year, but criminal activities continue to rise.
Police officers make regular checks of each building to ensure that the buildings remain secure.
Police officers make sure their men all get breaks.
Police officers meet with residents to assist in planning and training.
Police officers move into positions.
Police officers notes on the night in question turned up missing at the time of trial.
Police officers observe, first hand, what has become apparent to others through statistics.
Police officers occupy positions of great public trust and are held to a high standard of conduct.
Police officers offer gun safety demonstrations.
Police officers operate under conditions that football players wouldn t even consider.
Police officers participate in many of the summer Olympic-style events.
Police officers patrol frequently and are helpful.
Police officers patrol on horseback to effectively control crowds and discourage unruly behavior.
Police officers patrol on trains and stations, and police posts are available at some stations.
Police officers patrol the campus twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week.
Police officers perform many duties.
Police officers perform vital services for our city.
Police officers practice reloading their pistols quickly.
Police officers protect and defend.
Police officers protect lives and property.
Police officers pursue and apprehend people who break the law.
Police officers receive award.
Police officers receive extensive training in dealing with armed subjects.
Police officers receive good training and do a good job.
Police officers receive specialized training in investigative and tactical techniques.
Police officers record the events.
Police officers respond to calls for service, investigate crimes, and provide safety education.
Police officers respond to calls.
Police officers ride on subway trains.
Police officers say the intruders swiped cash and electronics.
Police officers say they are receiving increased cooperation in minority communities.
Police officers serve a one-year evaluation period.
Police officers spend at least one-third of their time responding to domestic violence calls.
Police officers spend less time placing youth, and can return more quickly to their duties.
Police officers stop a car whose owner is wanted on federal warrants.
Police officers supervise the entire process.
Police officers surround a subject who is shouting threats to officers or to the public at large.
Police officers survey all campus buildings after hours.
Police officers take roles.
Police officers talk about addicts.
Police officers talk with men.
Police officers tend to stick together with other officers.
Police officers train constantly to be able to do battle out on the streets.
Police officers try to break down a door.
Police officers understand authority.
Police officers understand lawful authority.
Police officers understand that any questioning can be difficult for victims.
Police officers use computers.
Police officers use different terms to describe their working hours.
Police officers use Encrypt-It to keep tips from informants confidential.
Police officers use weapons.
Police officers visit schools, give talks and hand out anti-drug paraphernalia.
Police officers wave signs.
Police officers work a variety of shifts depending on their assignment.
Police officers work closely with the schools to prevent drug abuse in the community.
Police officers work desks.
Police officers work hassles and coping behaviours.
Police officers work in neighborhoods.
Police officers work in partnership with community members to identify problems and create programs.
Police officers work to make sure people keep laws made by politicians and judges.
Police officers work year-round, weekends, holidays, night shifts, etc.
Police officers write reports and maintain police records.
Police officers write tickets.
All police officers are always stupid, brutal and corrupt.
All police officers are armed and receive extensive training in the use of deadly force.
All police officers are fully qualified law enforcement officers.
All police officers are on probation for a period of one year following the date of appointment.
All police officers form a special part of society.
All police officers work as a close-knit highly efficient team.
Any police officer can sign the purchase order.
Any police officer is eligible for nomination.
Any police officer is obligated to provide assistance when asked.
Every police officer brings to the classroom vast amounts of professional and personal experiences.
Every police officer has their own shoulder number.
Every police officer knows one of the most powerful weapons against crime is a gun.
Many police officers abuse their right to use guns.
Many police officers are aware of the problems associated with batons that collapse.
Many Police Officers are committed to removing crime from the communities they serve.
Many police officers are control freaks.
Many police officers are fine individuals, who risk their lives working to ensure public safety.
Many police officers are in attendance.
Many police officers are sick puppies.
Many police officers work overtime to meet their department's needs.
Most police officers act as detectives.
Most police officers are decent men and women doing a difficult job under great duress.
Most police officers are usually stupid, brutal and corrupt.
Most police officers arrive on scenes.
Most police officers develop a shield or wall to insulate themselves from such tragedies.
Most police officers do an honorable job and serve the African-American community well.
Most police officers gain experience.
Most police officers have a collateral duty.
Most police officers have better judgement, more compassion, and integrity than is average.
Most police officers have duties.
Most police officers have general duties.
Most police officers investigate death.
Most police officers issue tickets.
Most police officers knock on doors.
Most police officers move into positions.
Most police officers oppose civilian review boards.
Most police officers patrol their jurisdictions and investigate suspicious activity.
Most police officers respond to calls.
Most police officers see the orders as vaguely written warnings.
Most police officers serve our community with compassion and distinction.
Most police officers support Second Amendment rights.
Most police officers take roles.
Most police officers talk with men.
Most police officers think that the existing system has merits.
Most police officers understand authority.
Most police officers understand lawful authority.
Most police officers use computers.
Most police officers use weapons.
Most police officers work in neighborhoods.
Most police officers write tickets.
Some police officers are frightened when they stop a car.
Some police officers are no doubt racists and some are guilty of misconduct.
Some police officers are usually stupid, brutal and corrupt.
Some police officers ask men.
Some police officers confirm incidents.
Some police officers describe forces.
Some police officers do cut corners and break the law themselves, including drug abuse.
Some police officers enjoy art.
Some police officers enter apartments.
Some police officers find pressphotographers rather anoying.
Some police officers grab ladies.
Some police officers grab young ladies.
Some police officers have levels.
Some police officers instruct wives.
Some police officers investigate activities.
Some police officers investigate murder.
Some police officers investigate suspicious activities.
Some police officers join organizations.
Some police officers join secret organizations.
Some police officers protect life.
Some police officers remember first sergeants.
Some police officers remember sergeants.
Some police officers shoot black men.
Some police officers shoot men.
Some police officers specialize in fields.
Some police officers specialize in particular fields.
Some police officers suffer breaks.
Some police officers take life.
Some police officers take own life.
Some police officers take photos.
Some police officers take possessions.
Some police officers thrive on stress.
Some police officers work only on a specific type of crime, such as narcotics.
Some police officers work with dogs.
Police patrols can then check to see which black-driven cars to leave alone.
Police patrols identify and report lighting deficiencies and inoperable lights.
Police patrols keep the superhighway tightly regulated.
Police patrols support the citizen walkers.
Police power is a power virtually without limits.
Police power is beyond the reach of the judiciary.
Police power lies with states, and in turn, with units of local government.
Police powers are draconian and British prisons are the most overcrowded in Europe.
Police protection is almost non-existent.
Police protection is difficult.
Police protection is essential for law and order in our communities.
Police protection is provided at the envilable rate of more than one patrol car per square mile.
Police protection is provided by a city policeman and the county sheriff's office.
Police protection is provided by a full time and two part time law enforcement officers.
Police protection is provided by a full-time professional police force.
Police protection is provided by four full-time and three volunteer officers.
Police protection is provided by full-time, trained officers.
Police pursuit ends in arrests.
Police pursuit ends violently, bringing family years of grief.
Police pursuits happen more often than many people realize.
Police quarters are under attack.
Some police raids take places.
Police record includes two misdemeanor arrests, for possession of marijuana and criminal trespass.
Police Records Find out how to obtain copies of police records.
Police records indicate that murder weapons change little from year to year.
Police records show no prior history of domestic violence.
Police records show several other minor run-ins with the law.
Police records show the average age of murderers and bandits is dropping.
Police report indicates no injury at time of accident.
Police Reports add.
Police reports are available five days after the incident occurred.
Police reports are available usually within two business days from the time the report was taken.
Police reports are generally public record.
Police reports are necessary in China in order to obtain new visas from Chinese authorities.
Police Reports are now available.
Police reports are official documents.
Police reports are public record and can legally be used for screening purposes.
Police reports are reports.
Police reports contain no other details.
Police reports describe the bedroom as littered with beer bottles, clothes and drug paraphernalia.
Police reports go through a preparation, approval and filing process before they are available.
Police reports indicate the couple noticed the photo booth as they entered the park that morning.
Police reports say that the couple had been killed a day or two earlier.
Police reports say the shooting was the culmination of a teenage argument that began with a kiss.
Police reports say there was fog in the area at the time.
Police reports show there was quite a mess inside the warehouse.
Police reports tell a tale of danger in movie theaters all over town.
All police reports are in the file.
Police reporters do nothing but crime and law enforcement stories.
Police reporters start thinking like cops.
Police roadblocks are symbolic and characteristic of police states.
Police scanner sounds plus so much more.
Police scanners chatter their digital warnings from a corner of the newsroom.
Police sergeants receive calls.
Police sergeants receive phone calls.
Most police sergeants receive calls.
Most police sergeants receive phone calls.
Police service continues uninterrupted.
Police service is a demanding profession requiring the very best of each individual.
Police service is communicated through the twenty-four hour police dispatch center.
Police services are responsive to and reflect community input.
Police services tend to be labor intensive.
All police services have to develop the skill competencies as they go along.
Police shootings are way down.
Police shootings head the list.
Many police shootings raise serious doubts as to whether the victims posed an immediate threat.
Most police snipers are trained by the military .
Most police snipers are trained by the military.
A police state is tyranny
Police states are nasty places to live.
A police station is a station
Police station Come here when there is a wolf about the rest.
Police stations are buildings.
Police stations are stations.
Police stations perform duties relating to general and transport safety, and to border security.
All police stations are open twenty-four hours a day.
All police stations are torture centres at the same time.
Every police station keeps a list of emergency chemists and doctors open in the area.
Most police stations are busy places with public waiting rooms.
Most police stations have case supplemental forms available for the asking at their front desk.
Police training is to be made available for airline staff to detect possible 'illegals'.
Many police units encourage new recruits to take college courses in police work.
A police van is a van
Police vans arrive.
Police vehicles are sky-blue with red insignia.
Police vehicles fall into the same catagory.
Police vehicles fall into the same category.
Police vehicles have red or blue lights.
Police vehicles pass frequently, as if on surveillance missions.
Police vehicles receive top priority for repairs and maintenance.
Police vehicles seem to have an excellent ability for gaining speed at strategic moments.
Police violence is a major way that racial oppression impacts communities of color.
Police violence is a necessity for the cops of the capitalist system.
Police violence is still violence, police are mobsters for the state.
Police women bait the trap.
Police work can be dangerous and stressful.
Police work can be stressful on a regular basis.
Police work can be tedious and often relies on lucky breaks.
Police work can be very dangerous and stressful.
Police work can be very dangerous.
Police work can be very stimulating.
Police work comes to be almost exclusively reactive.
Police work is a demanding profession.
Police work is a noble undertaking.
Police work is a very dangerous profession.
Police work is a very difficult task.
Police work is a very stressful job.
Police work is a young person's job.
Police work is an investigation
Police work is attractive to many.
Police work is carried out on a zone basis.
Police work is complex, and the rules that apply are sometimes confusing for the public.
Police work is dangerous - and sometimes it's dangerous for suspects accosted by officers.
Police work is dangerous duty.
Police work is dangerous, but . . .
Police work is different from so many other fields.
Police work is half chance.
Police work is investigations.
Police work is jobs.
Police work is messy.
Police work is never as simple as just looking for the bad guys.
Police work is no different.
Police work is one of the most stressful jobs in the world.
Police work is people work.
Police work is very demanding.
Police work is very exciting.
Police work is very hard indeed.
Police work is very physical and hazardous in nature.
Police work is very, very difficult work.
Police work requires rapid judgements, often under situations of stress.
All police work requires some computer work.
Most police work occurs after the fact.
Police accuse Muslim rebels but many fear the bombs are linked to the trial.
Police accuse seven heavily armed South Texas prison escapees of the vicious attack.
Police acknowledge that arresting a kindergartener for battery on an officer is unusual.
Police acknowledge that the numbers have understated the problem for several years.
Police acknowledge they have no solid clues in the case.
Police act within the law.
Police activate the program's telephone network when they want extra eyes looking for a suspect.
Police actively support several community service programs.
Police address all crime issues.
Police admit liability Police admit liability for search.
Police admit that the increase in shootings and murder rates is shocking.
Police admittedly use small microphones as 'wires' to get confessions in undercover operations.
Police advise children to run if approached by strangers.
Police advise having online safety rules at home.
Police advise neighbors.
Police advise residents to always confirm the identity of the person on the other side of the door.
Police advise that the suspects are armed and dangerous.
Police advise the suspect entered the business and demanded money from the clerk.
Police again delay the ambulance that comes to assist the injured man.
Police again raid the store and seize all material on display.
Police agree of some lip before bind country accents magazine.
Police agree of some lip before bind gentlemens quarterly magazine.
Police agree of some lip before bind news inc magazine.
Police allege that women at both spas offered sex to undercover officers on seven occasions.
Police allege the father was alive and well.
Police allege the frustrated dad threw the baby onto a bed a half dozen times.
Police allege the men set fire to two cars at a local auto dealership.
Police allege the site is nothing more than a front for prostitution.
Police allege the violence was organized and premeditated.
Police already have a man in custody who has reportedly confessed to the murder.
Police already pay for mileage and some necessities.
Police also appear to cover up fake honour killings.
Police also are concerned about the rulings.
Police also are to provide some non-emergency service to all schools in the district.
Police also assist apartment managers by running background checks on prospective renters.
Police also can find themselves stretched beyond available resources.
Police also continue to be challenged by the threat of organized crime.
Police also discover several arms caches.
Police also do a background check.
Police also enforce the truancy laws in order to support parents.
Police also expect to discover who the car belongs to.
Police also give T-shirts to teenagers who give police an item advertising or glorifying smoking.
Police also have a duty to attend alarm activation's under certain circumstances.
Police also have a tape showing three juveniles running from the coffee shop.
Police also have the privilege of providing their statement to the magistrate as an aide memoire.
Police also have their own generators for emergencies.
Police also intend to re-photograph some areas of the house in different angles and light.
Police also lack advanced forensic testing methods and identification rooms.
Police also like to bust drug dealers because they have a lot of money.
Police also like to target areas that are near school crossings.
Police also patrol the park.
Police also play a key role in our crime prevention efforts.
Police also pledge to assist victims as they navigate the legal system.
Police also possess the right to destroy property they search.
Police also put warning tags on some unlicensed cars.
Police also receive paid vacation, sick leave, and medical and life insurance.
Police also recommend installing bullet-proof partitions in the cars.
Police also recoup their expenses.
Police also rely on bogus evidence.
Police also report that both survived the shooting because they wore bulletproof vests.
Police also respond with rescue to assault reports.
Police also say marijuana is a bane to society.
Police also say the pattern, moving from murders to rapes, is unusual.
Police also say the specifics of the legend are ambiguous.
Police also show their complicity with the bombers and burners by withholding information.
Police also suspect the pair of manufacturing the drug with an intent to distribute.
Police also tend to focus on gaming establishments that engage in other illegal activity.
Police announce new security measures daily.
Police announce safety checks.
Police appeal against panic buying Queues developed at some forecourts in South Wales.
Police appeal to drivers to keep within the speed limit.
Police appear to have no clue in three unsolved home-invasion murders and as many brutal assaults.
Police appears with pistols.
Police apprehend two teenage burglar gangs Essen.
Police approve tagging.
Police are able to help, consider joining or starting a neighbourhood watch scheme.
Police are able to investigate whether the people they stop have warrants for other crimes.
Police are afraid of the criminals.
Police are again visible.
Police are agents of the ruling class, and, as such, soldiers who serve their interests.
Police are already on the scene.
Police are already on the way.
Police are also are unsure whether the law is on their side.
Police are also concerned about the use of the anonymous remailing service in Finland.
Police are also interested in research on how officers respond to fear on the job.
Police are also more likely to arrest the man if the injury is a serious one.
Police are also on high alert in France and Germany.
Police are also vital in Kosovo.
Police are always grief.
Police are amongst the most mobile government servants.
Police are anxious to locate an individual believed to be the mastermind behind the passport scam.
Police are at a loss to explain the bombs.
Police are at scene.
Police are at the scene, and the area has been sealed off.
Police are aware of other problematic crosswalks on campus.
Police are aware who took the vehicle, but yet have been able to locate the thief or the vehicle.
Police are bad.
Police are busy stressing to parents the dangers of unsupervised parties in homes and hotels.
Police are by definition usually reactive.
Police are by nature suspicious.
Police are concerned about the security situation following the escape.
Police are conservators of the peace.
Police are constantly on the lookout for speeding and bad driving.
Police are cooperative but largely ineffective.
Police are cooperative, but can only do so much.
Police are cooperative, but largely ineffective.
Police are dangerous creatures.
Police are disinclined to do so.
Police are eager to give the suspects their just desserts.
Police are eager to wrap up the case as local faith in security forces weakens.
Police are enthusiastic about the potentially incriminating information stored in computers.
Police are especially right to focus on school zones.
Police are even better at catching women for drug offenses.
Police are even less likely to be involved in the many high crime areas where guns are illegal.
Police are everywhere and crime consists mainly of petty thievery of non-attended items.
Police are everywhere.
Police are free to lie to kids to get statements.
Police are free to turn down the gift.
Police are French people.
Police are full police officers in New York State and in the state of Connecticut.
Police are generally reluctant to become involved in cases of spousal abuse.
Police are grossly underpaid and use the bribes as income supplements.
Police are happy to have a partial description, but admit that it's vague.
Police are helpless against the sheer number of drivers who are oblivious to the rules of the road.
Police are high quality observers, neither delusional nor fanciful.
Police are historians, they show up after a crime, say, rape or murder.
Police are hopeful that they're on the right track to make an arrest.
Police are human and subject to mistakes too.
Police are human.
Police are important to our society.
Police are in a uniquely demanding position.
Police are in attendance directing traffic.
Police are in hot pursuit.
Police are in the background checking the package.
Police are inadequate.
Police are increasingly reluctant to tell neighbors exactly where sex offenders live.
Police are indifferent and blame women for domestic violence.
Police are individuals employed by the government.
Police are interested in knowing more about how psychics work.
Police are just as baffled.
Police are law-abiding.
Police are like journolists.
Police are like vampires.
Police are members of a unique occupational subculture.
Police are more interested in harassing victims and taking bribes than in promoting public safety.
Police are more likely than at any time in the past three decades to come forward.
Police are more valuable than sculpture.
Police are mostly good.
Police are much in evidence on the streets.
Police are much more concerned with the quality of stop and search, rather than the quantity.
Police are narrow focussed in securing prima facie at worst against the offender in their brief.
Police are never there unfortunately.
Police are now able to work closer with the community.
Police are now busy investigating who published, distributed and sold the book.
Police are nowhere in sight.
Police are on hand, and it's quite safe, as well as highly entertaining.
Police are on record, saying they hope that no arrests are necessary.
Police are on the alert for juvenile vandalism and caution parents to be watchful.
Police are on the hunt for additional gang members that claim are implicated in the horrific crime.
Police are on the look-out for the other alleged robber.
Police are on the lookout.
Police are on the prowl for violators.
Police are on the scene conducting an investigation.
Police are one of the most troublemaking ones.
Police are only one resource to help resolve crime problems.
Police are out by the hundreds.
Police are out in force.
Police are people.
Police are practically the only ones that carry guns, at least visibly.
Police are prepared to prevent that from occurring.
Police are present only as another annoyance.
Police are pretty blas about ballistics.
Police are pretty polite when they come in.
Police are ready for a rowdy reception.
Police are reluctant to interfere in what they perceive as domestic disputes.
Police are responsible for a number of things in abusive situations.
Police are serious for only a couple of days.
Police are so far classifying the death as an accidental drowning.
Police are sometimes under the influence of liquor.
Police are still at the scene of a campground in Cass County, Michigan tonight.
Police are still guilty of racial noticing.
Police are still here.
Police are still in attendance.
Police are still inside the convergence building itself, doing who knows what.
Police are still on the scene trying to identify the bodies.
Police are stunned and embarrassed, and now seem set to throw the book at their colleague.
Police are suspicious.
Police are ten million, mama, stop it.
Police are the only investigators in such matters.
Police are the public, and the public are the police.
Police are there now, investigating.
Police are there to do their job - but they are doing it wrong.
Police are to perform roadside drug tests on drivers.
Police are under orders to step up the number of arrests.
Police are unsure as to why the accident occurred and are still investigating.
Police are unsure of a motive in the shooting.
Police are unsure of the motive because nothing was stolen from the victim.
Police are unsure of the motive.
Police are unsure of the number of victims.
Police are unsure what caused the damage in the other cases.
Police are unsure what started the fire, which took more than two hours to contain.
Police are unsure who was flying the plane.
Police are usually cooperative, but often ineffective.
Police are usually reactive.
Police are very edgy.
Police are very much in evidence to prevent violent clashes between 'Yes' and 'No' supporters.
Police are visible and establish a sense of authority around apartment buildings.
Police are wary of being caught in disputes between criminals, particularly prostitutes and dealers.
Police are wary of the evidence of an alcoholic.
Police are yet to ascertain the cause of death.
Police are yet to determine the cause of the outburst.
Police are yet to recover the murder weapon, which they believe is a bladed article.
Police are yet to track the culprits.
Police are, however, investigating the possibility.
Police argue the problem is anything that distracts drivers.
Police arraign suspected person in Court.
Police arrest a COK activist.
Police arrest a man armed with a semiautomatic weapon.
Police arrest a nonviolent activist.
Police arrest a suspect.
Police arrest blacks from all economic backgrounds.
Police arrest culprits.
Police arrest man for throwing manure at museum.
Police arrest men.
Police arrest old men.
Police arrest Saudi brothers for abducting sister .
Police arrest someone for illegal drugs every twenty minutes somewhere in New Zealand.
Police arrest suspected murderer Mannheim.
Police arrest the shooter's cousin, who owned the murder weapon as well as an illegal assault rifle.
Police arrest thousands of alleged abusers.
Police arrest two males after fight near campus.
Police arrest two men with ties to the neighborhood.
Police arrest two people being shot at on old warrants.
Police arrest two people in Japan for selling porn via cellphones.
Police arrest two suspects in disco blaze in Luoyang.
Police arrest two terrorists after a brief encounter in Dacca.
Police arrive and discover alcohol violations.
Police arrive and shortly thereafter the property is found by the caller.
Police arrive and take the good neighbor to headquarters for questioning.
Police arrive as they're fighting.
Police arrive at a door to talk to a babysitter.
Police arrive at the burning house.
Police arrive in numbers and break up the demonstration.
Police arrive on the scene to stop the vandals.
Police arrive on the seen and see no evidence of any shooting.
Police arrive, and a lawsuit seems pending.
Police ask anyone with information regarding the robbery to call.
Police ask drivers to take extreme care due to a bit of confusion.
Police ask motorists to drive carefully and to yield right of way.
Police ask naturists to move.
Police assume it was the offender.
Police assume that several persons are involved based on the country-wide action.
Police attack striking workers.
Police attempt to control the enraged mob.
Police attempt to learn the background of a young woman whose body was found in a vacant lot.
Police attribute desecration to anti-Semitic vandals.
Police attribute it to an increase in car break-ins, particularly under the Alaskan Way Viaduct.
Police attribute the figure to a jump in the number of domestic violence cases reported.
Police attribute the improved Johannesburg figures to the success of the city's anti-hijack squad.
Police attribute the increase in the number of murders to friction within families and neighbors.
Police attribute the murder to a political feud, but have failed to provide details.
Police badge to officer on retirement.
Police ban NPD meeting in Halle Halle.
Police barely seem to ticket anyone for less than reckless driving.
Police barge into house without warrant.
Police bear down on demonstrators chained together in the street.
Police become involved because a party is loud.
Police become part of the neighborhood.
Police begin assualt on unarmed protesters by .flawdlogic.
Police begin campaign to run down jaywalkers.
Police Begin Campaign To Run Down Jaywalkers.
Police begin investigation and surveillance of both men.
Police begin taking thousands of photographs of pickets.
Police begin the occasional use of hand ambulances for injured, sick or drunk people.
Police begin their drive through the neighborhood ordering immediate evacuations.
Police begin training with donated helicopter.
Police believe a juvenile wrote the note.
Police believe a man and woman are involved.
Police believe a woman in a red anorak with a small child was also outside the library.
Police believe alcohol was a factor in the crash.
Police believe alcohol was involved.
Police believe an angry employee is to blame.
Police believe an explosive device was planted under or near the truck.
Police believe artists use the railway system as a mobile exhibition of their art.
Police believe at least one more person was swept away in the avalanche.
Police believe both bombs originated in British Columbia, Canada.
Police believe both bombs originated in British Columbia.
Police believe both incidents are drug-related.
Police believe both shootings stemmed from narcotic trafficking.
Police believe both teens killed themselves.
Police believe crack is a Black problem because they only look for it in Black neighborhoods.
Police believe in addition to cash, they are looking for credit cards that can be used illegally.
Police believe it had been stolen elsewhere and emptied of tools.
Police believe it had been there at least two weeks.
Police believe it is just a matter of time before the suspect is caught.
Police believe it to be the work of an underground gang.
Police believe it was a drive-by shooting.
Police believe it was abandoned by a female driver after breaking down.
Police believe it was an isolated incident.
Police believe it was turned upside down because the top of the machine was scratched and gouged.
Police believe it's a highly organized drug ring with roots in Honduras.
Police believe Manes entered the home through a kitchen window.
Police believe Manes entered the home through a window at the rear of the home.
Police believe no foul play was involved.
Police believe one man is responsible for both robberies.
Police believe one of the attackers was a teen turned away twice from the box office.
Police believe other duties are more urgent or important.
Police believe racial conflicts in prison have spilled onto the streets.
Police believe some of the food was sold at a store owned by one of the suspects.
Police believe speed was a factor in the crash, and the investigation is continuing.
Police believe speed was a factor in the crash.
Police believe that at least one accomplice awaited the gunman in a vehicle that was parked nearby.
Police believe that at least two gunman entered the residence.
Police believe that criminals launder profits through untraceable stolen goods.
Police believe that dissident republican groups are planning a major new offensive.
Police believe that from then on their fate was sealed.
Police believe that organized crime groups in Estonia are involved in the drug business.
Police believe that rate is a direct result of the ever-increasing speed of traffic.
Police believe that robbery was the motive for the killing.
Police believe that robbery was the motive.
Police believe that the bomb went off by mistake when the dog stepped on the remote control.
Police believe that the same person made both threats.
Police believe that the sheep jogged the loaded gun, causing it to fire.
Police believe that the soldiers drowned in the swift currents of the river.
Police believe that the suspect lived less than one mile from the crime scene.
Police believe that the suspects are using a vehicle to transport the stolen items.
Police believe that the thieves stored their stolen items in the stolen car.
Police believe that the two used stolen checks and a stolen debit card to buy the jewelry.
Police believe that the victim was dealing in the drugs.
Police believe that Thrall charged the shooter to get to the only phone in the house.
Police believe that was a murder-suicide.
Police believe the accident took four seconds.
Police believe the argument to have been over drug.
Police believe the attack was carried out by three people.
Police believe the attack was in retaliation of the group's support of wolf reintroduction.
Police believe the attack was nationalistic, but are also considering criminal motives.
Police believe the attack was politically motivated.
Police believe the blast is the result of a suicide attempt.
Police believe the body ended up in the Central Landfill.
Police believe the body had been in the water for more than two weeks.
Police believe the body had been in the woods all winter.
Police believe the body of one more missing person is still to be found.
Police believe the bomb was detonated in a parked car.
Police believe the buck then was dragged out of the pen and down to the road to a waiting vehicle.
Police believe the burglaries are linked.
Police believe the car contained materials used to manufacture methamphetamine.
Police believe the community wants lenient or lax enforcement.
Police believe the couple was beaten to death early that morning.
Police believe the culprits used the car to haul away stolen property.
Police believe the decision to transport the men in the same van was made to cut costs.
Police believe the demonstrators came from all over the country.
Police believe the discovery has nothing to do with the disappearance.
Police believe the dispute began as a case of road rage.
Police believe the driver of the truck fell asleep at the wheel.
Police believe the final destination for the rugs was Great Britain.
Police believe the gang had got close to staging the raid at least a dozen times.
Police believe the gang was preparing a new wave of attacks in the Spanish capital.
Police believe the group comprised Malaysian students in Australia studying English.
Police believe the gun wound was self-inflicted.
Police believe the gunman acted alone and had no contact with the victims before the attack.
Police believe the house was targeted mistakenly in a gang hit.
Police believe the house was used as a base to sell drugs.
Police believe the incident had domestic overtones.
Police believe the incident is related to the settling of scores in drug trafficking.
Police believe the incident stemmed from a domestic dispute.
Police believe the incident was alcohol related.
Police believe the incidents are linked and their investigation is continuing.
Police believe the intruder entered through an open window by climbing the fire escape.
Police believe the intruder gained access to the school through an unlocked door.
Police believe the kidnapper wants to get to an isolated area to molest children.
Police believe the killing was related to the ethnic tension.
Police believe the killings to be drug related.
Police believe the knife was used to pry open the door.
Police believe the locker was mistakenly left open.
Police believe the majority of such acts are committed by a small group of disgruntled teen-agers.
Police believe the man either drowned or died from hypothermia.
Police believe the man is from out of state.
Police believe the man sold the child immediately.
Police believe the man was also carrying a large knife at the time of the incident.
Police believe the man's home was chosen at random.
Police believe the men got out of the building by climbing down a fire escape.
Police believe the men used a rug to scale the fence.
Police believe the minor accident was related to the weather.
Police believe the motive for the killing was muthi-related.
Police believe the motive was robbery.
Police believe the murderer then stole a car belonging to the victim's mother.
Police believe the networks have been left vulnerable by their expansion.
Police believe the noise scared off the intruder.
Police believe the other man was armed with a hatchet.
Police believe the pair had spent years preying on elderly people across southern England.
Police believe the pair robbed a house in Wheeling and stole a high-powered rifle.
Police believe the pepper spray incidents are related, but they have no suspects.
Police believe the person had engine trouble and needed motor oil.
Police believe the plane was brought down by a terrorist bomb.
Police believe the playmate is the first person on the list.
Police believe the property was possibly transferred to the stolen trailer.
Police believe the rapist is a light-skinned black male about six feet tall.
Police believe the same man carried out at least three of the attacks.
Police believe the same man is responsible for both attacks.
Police believe the same man is responsible.
Police believe the same suspects to be involved in all the incidents.
Police believe the same two women sucked down the dessert toppings for the nitrous-oxide high.
Police believe the scene in which the body was found is consistent with a homicide.
Police believe the shooter was an angry boyfriend.
Police believe the shooters targeted their victims, but an innocent bystander was wounded as well.
Police believe the shooting happened after an argument with girlfriend.
Police believe the shooting is gang-related.
Police believe the shooting stemmed from a robbery attempt.
Police believe the shooting was sparked by a two-year divorce battle.
Police believe the suspect got into a vehicle at that point.
Police believe the suspect has undergone extensive training in bomb construction and deployment.
Police believe the suspect used an unknown tool to pry open a window and unlock the door.
Police believe the suspects entered the car through the unlocked driver-side door.
Police believe the suspects fled to Mexico.
Police believe the thief altered the bike before being moved by a guilty conscience.
Police believe the thief or thieves got into the house by breaking through the garage door.
Police believe the thief then fled.
Police believe the thieves used a ladder to get on the market's roof and remove the bowl.
Police believe the two incidents are related.
Police believe the two killings are related.
Police believe the two males are cousins.
Police believe the violence broke out after a group of white men stoned the home of an Asian family.
Police believe the woman had taken drugs, alcohol or both.
Police believe the woman was beaten with a telephone receiver.
Police believe the woman's death was suspicious.
Police believe the wood was stolen after the last snowstorm.
Police believe there are additional witnesses to the incident.
Police believe there is nothing sinister about the break-in.
Police believe there was a man and possibly a woman involved.
Police believe they already have had some form of contact with the suspect.
Police believe they are in Mexico.
Police believe they are part of an organised gang who carry out attacks across the country.
Police believe they can combat some of the thefts by raising awareness.
Police believe they helped organize the heist or tried to profit from it.
Police believe they participated equally in the killings.
Police believe they stopped a plot to kill a Montgomery County judge.
Police believe two of the teenagers are related.
Police believe youngsters are to blame for the recent problems.
Police believe, however, that seven of the ten victims shot had no connection to the celebration.
Police belive the incident followed a domestic situation.
Police blame a storm packing powerful winds for the death of a man in Athens.
Police blame cell phone use for an increasing amount of accidents.
Police blame individual heroin addicts for dealing.
Police blame Kurdish rebels.
Police blame light penalties and they're probably right.
Police blame partiers for being too rowdy.
Police blame the rise on an increase in drug trafficking, which has lowered the price of heroin.
Police blame the strike leaders for the deaths of two people.
Police block demonstrators from marching to the courthouse.
Police block off streets for about a mile around the company as a safety precaution.
Police block roads to prevent people marching into the city, but fail.
Police block thousands of demonstrators from marching to the courthouse.
Police blocks the right side of the river, in order to slow the revolt.
Police blotter No local sports today.
Police boast hundreds of recruits and graduates after nationwide recruitment drive.
Police break in, search, and find whiskey in the box.
Police break up right-wing extremist meeting Potsdam.
Police breaking down doors, children and employees being tested like rats, the list goes on.
Police breaks into the houses whenever wants, without warning, or warrants.
Police bullhorns drone, telling people to move back.
Police burn fields and seize sacks of seeds.
Police bust a bay area burglary ring.
Police buy, possess and transport illegal drugs on a daily basis during undercover operations.
Police call a tow truck.
Police call boxes are available throughout the complex.
Police call fire suspicious but say it's too early to determine how it started.
Police call it an open case and have conducted it as a homicide investigation.
Police call it child abuse.
Police call it the city's most promising law to attack gun violence.
Police call the crowd peaceful with no arrests reported.
Police calls for service also declined at the test school.
Police calls for service included suspicion, narcotics, miscellaneous and traffic.
Police calls to the neighborhood dropped dramatically.
Police can already issue citations to drivers for unsafe operation of a vehicle.
Police can also arrest habitual truants.
Police can also lay criminal charges.
Police can arrest and detain without parental consent.
Police can arrest anyone who violates a protective order.
Police can arrest people for suspected movement, without a warrant.
Police can arrest without a warrant if the Order is for personal protection.
Police can ask people to leave now if they are breaking the law.
Police can ask the judge to issue a new warrant, or to revoke the defendant's bail.
Police can attend training seminars in Washington without leaving the township.
Police can attend union meetings.
Police can attest to the fact that alcohol plays a significant role in domestic violence cases.
Police can audiotape and videotape interrogations whenever they want.
Police can be as big a menace as the crooks.
Police can be disdainful of our constitutional rights.
Police can charge someone arrested for a third drunk driving arrest with a felony.
Police can cite drivers for inattentive driving if they think that cell-phone use is a hazard.
Police can claim that anytime in the future.
Police can cop things from the scene.
Police can detain occupants of premises during lawful search.
Police can do their job more effectively when the community's priorities shape their actions.
Police can either proceed with the order or drop it.
Police can enter if they reasonably believe someone's physical security is threatened.
Police can even order the ignition of the car switched off on command.
Police can force youth to move from a public place even though no crime has been committed.
Police can get decisive information from a single drop of blood or a hair.
Police can get search warrants on the flimsiest of suspicion.
Police can give a detailed explanation if they are so inclined.
Police can give tips on prevention and how to react in a violent situation.
Police can help deliver votes as individual citizens depend on their services.
Police can help.
Police can in some cases search premises, vehicles or people without a warrant.
Police can increase patrols in the area, document incidents, and take action, if a crime occurs.
Police can input information on anyone into the parole computer and see if there is a hit.
Police can interview in here.
Police can lay fraud charges.
Police can now arrest without a warrant and shoot at suspected terrorists.
Police can now easily test DNA samples to determine the race and even the racial mix of a criminal.
Police can now sign complaints against trespassers.
Police can now use our free listings to post and search for lost and found items.
Police can now warn neighborhoods when sex offenders move in.
Police can only spend what the politicians provide.
Police can plot crime statistics to identify patterns.
Police can prioritize tasks, use new technology, and demonstrate an urgency to get it cleared up.
Police can remove illegally used permits from one's possession.
Police can respond and check the building.
Police can say what they feel and residents can do the same.
Police can search at any time with consent.
Police can send detainees to labor camps for up to three years without trial.
Police can send people to labor camps for up to three years without trial.
Police can set up road checks when they believe there is a Breach of the Peace, or one is imminent.
Police can stop and question people whenever they wish.
Police can stop the cars of minorities with total impunity.
Police can surmise some things about the killer, however, because of the nature of the crime.
Police can t solve every problem.
Police can tell the operator to turn off the ignition so they cam make the bust.
Police can then determine where in the county people are speeding the most.
Police can then measure the intensity on a sound level meter and offenders can be fined.
Police can then use the images to get a warrant from a judge to search inside.
Police can track the rightful owner of items and therefore link that item to a burglary.
Police can use any pressure tactics they want to get people to do what they say.
Police can use checkpoints to stop drivers at specified locations to identify impaired drivers.
Police can use traditional methods from before electronic exchanges.
Police can warn offenders to abate unreasonable noise, such as noisy parties.
Police can watch a Szene bar.
Police can write tickets.
Police can, if authorized, take away weapons.
Police carry guns to keep order and ensure our safety.
Police carry out the preliminary procedures which have no bearing on the judicial phase.
Police catch many of the liars on the street.
Police caution motorists to be on the look out for the deer, especially in the morning and evening.
Police change down lots door and shipped dethatchers.
Police charge a former high school coach with sexual assult.
Police charge a young bar patron.
Police charge both suspects with the rape and premeditated murder of both girls.
Police charge the father with murder.
Police charge the husband with murder.
Police charge the roommate with murder after the man dies.
Police charge the son with murder.
Police charge three men, one an employee, in the slaying.
Police check arrests and convictions in Southern Nevada using a local computer database.
Police check but are unable to locate the animal.
Police check but find nothing.
Police check documents and search automobiles.
Police check for the owner but are unable to locate anyone.
Police check out a car crushed under a collapsed overpass in Guayaquil.
Police check points often cause delay.
Police check the house but find nothing.
Police check with the pathologist to ensure all samples have been taken.
Police choose to detain and torture women in order to extract lists of alleged clients to blackmail.
Police chuckle and saunter past.
Police cite community patrols and minor-crime arrests.
Police cite expansion of gang activity.
Police cite individual examples of success as evidence of the program's success.
Police cite their ongoing investigation of the fatal shooting.
Police claim actual street value as twice that.
Police claim initial instigation and continued problems by anarchists.
Police claim primary school kids are being recruited to demonstrate alongside high school students.
Police claim that the bank robbery and the two bomb blasts are connected.
Police claim that the escort services are prostitution rings.
Police claim the film is needed as evidence.
Police claim the two manipulated telephone exchanges and voicemail boxes of big comapnies.
Police claim they have no definite clues in the case.
Police claim they identified themselves and wore police jackets.
Police claim they threatened shoppers.
Police claim they ticket the homeless to create a safer environment.
Police claim to have found maps and details of security at the reactor.
Police clash with protesters.
Police clear the bridge shortly after.
Police comb the area.
Police come and break it up.
Police come and use tear gas while frustrated people are injured or damage property.
Police come back when off duty and get beer.
Police come for payoffs.
Police come with no warning.
Police come, separate the couple and arrest the husband.
Police complain that courts treat nonviolent cargo theft as low-priority property crime.
Police complain that friends and acquaintances are reluctant to share details.
Police conduct road checks where breath analyzers administered.
Police confirm that much of the crime in our communities is drug related.
Police confirm that several lab tests have been ordered in connection with the case.
Police confirm that they destroyed the evidence.
Police confirm that they found syringes on the grounds around certain hotels.
Police confiscate illegal weapons on a daily basis.
Police consider a motor vehicle a deadly weapon under some circumstances.
Police consider alcohol a factor in at least one Metro Detroit death.
Police consider beanbags a non-lethal alternative to bullets.
Police consider Golden Valley one of the best places to be in the state.
Police consider it accidental.
Police consider it to be a student prank.
Police consider pros and cons of taping interrogations.
Police consider the four people armed and dangerous.
Police consider the two young men dangerous.
Police contend with is larceny.
Police continually call for an approved place and condemns meeting in homes for worship.
Police continue investigation.
Police continue long-standing campaign against bicycle riding on sidewalks.
Police continue the search for the vandals.
Police continue the search inside and outside Seattle for the suspect.
Police continue the search.
Police continue their investigation.
Police continue their search for the two men.
Police continue to break up meetings held by persons opposed to the Zanzibar government.
Police continue to crack down on dog-fighting rings that thrive in some Wayne County communities.
Police continue to investigate possible involvement of three youths located in area.
Police continue to investigate that incident.
Police continue to investigate the accident.
Police continue to investigate the burglary.
Police continue to investigate the cause of the accident.
Police continue to investigate the crime with the possibility of arresting two more accomplices.
Police continue to investigate the earlier incidents.
Police continue to investigate the incident.
Police continue to investigate.
Police continue to make inquiries.
Police continue to question family, friends and others in the case.
Police continue to rely primarily on informants to find cannabis cultivation.
Police continue to search for an alleged accomplice.
Police continue to search for any additional bank robbers.
Police continue to search for at least two more carjackers.
Police continue to search for the suspect.
Police continue to search for the three men involved in the attack.
Police continue to seek a motive and a suspect.
Police continue to traverse the city making individual arrests.
Police continue to urge the campus community to use caution.
Police crack down.
Police currently have no suspects in the crimes.
Police currently hold to the idea that it was a suicide.
Police currently suspect arsonists of setting the blaze.
Police currently use roadblocks, helicopters and other techniques to stop a runaway vehicle.
Police deal with a suicidal woman threatening to jump off a roof.
Police deal with almost exclusively helpless and pitiful people.
Police deal with humans, and human responses are different.
Police deal with incidents.
Police deal with similar incidents.
Police decline to identify the footballers only saying that they play for renowned sports clubs.
Police defend and serve the city and state.
Police defend racial profiling on the basis that they just doing their job blacks commit more crime.
Police defend shooting of man with mental illness.
Police defend their conclusions in the case.
Police defend their practices as professional, calculated crime-stopping.
Police defuse a bomb at the office of an ex-public order minister.
Police defuse a second bomb in the mosque.
Police deny protesters entry to a boarded up street.
Police deny that charge.
Police deny that the raid ever happened.
Police deny that they are conducting surveillance.
Police deny that they are systematically suppressing the right to demonstrate.
Police deny the allegations.
Police deny the boy had access to a gun.
Police deny they instructed anyone to do anything.
Police describe much of the routine patrol work as mundane.
Police describe the attack as unprovoked and racially motivated.
Police describe the pyrotechnic mortar balls as ball-like items with fuses.
Police describe the robber as a black man wearing a gray hat, red bandana and gray sweatpants.
Police describe the robber as a light skinned male.
Police describe the two offenders as black females.
Police describes out no letter for saw recycled golf balls.
Police deserve our support.
Police detain bombing suspects after raid.
Police detain the captain and some of the crew of the suspect ship.
Police detective charlton heston investigates a murder and discovers what it's made of.
Police determine crime.
Police determine the alarm malfunctioned.
Police dig in gully for victims' bodies.
Police direct the classic cars through Beijing.
Police disagree A policeman directs heavy traffic on a major road.
Police discount it as an urban legend.
Police discover evidence of busloads of 'strangers' arriving in the province to buy fake licences.
Police discover ring dealing with stolen goods Hamburg.
Police discreetly move beggars on from the smarter shopping areas.
Police distribute information to students living near campus.
Police do a difficult and often unrewarding job on our behalf.
Police do believe that the mother's current boyfriend knew about the dumping of the baby.
Police do examinations.
Police do expect to place charges.
Police do have a suspect in the case.
Police do play an important role in implementing the second concept, that of threatening punishment.
Police do that already.
Police do what they have to for a reason.
Police do, and all they have to know is how to retrieve it.
Police doggedly follow.
Police doubt the attack was random.
Police drag a protester away.
Police drag the homeless away to shelters.
Police drive at speed into crowd.
Police drive by.
Police drive recklessly.
Police drive slowly by.
Police drop in with doughnuts at regular weekly times at low-income housing projects.
Police encounters with persons with mental illness are often deadly.
Police encourage parents to bring their safety seat owners manual along to the checkpoint.
Police enforce it.
Police enforce laws.
Police enforce the law and arrest people.
Police engage in corrupt activities when they abuse their power and authority for personal gain.
Police enjoy more discretion under Colorado's open-records laws than other government agencies.
Police ensure nothing interrupts Jewish hazing ritual.
Police enter the home and seen the child.
Police enter to make sure no one is hurt inside.
Police escort a fire truck on a run.
Police escort the few garbage trucks in operation.
Police escort to bridge.
Police escort with sirens blaring and lights flashing.
Police establish policies which affect everyone in the community.
Police estimate that half of all vehicle break-ins are through side windows.
Police estimate the street value of the merchandise at around ten dollars a piece.
Police estimate there are six million incidents of domestic violence in Britain every year.
Police evacuate a six-block area around the house.
Police evacuate the block.
Police even use the same terms around the country.
Police everywhere tend to prey on poor towns and neighborhoods.
Police evoke the law only about a dozen times a year.
Police examine footprints in the snow, concluding it was a tragic accident.
Police exemplify law and order on the streets.
Police exist to preserve law and order.
Police expect a third man to be charged soon in connection with at least some of the crimes.
Police expect no more than a little rowdiness.
Police expect test results on the remaining suspects within two months.
Police expect the arrest of two other suspects is imminent.
Police expect the sites to fill rapidly.
Police expect thousands of demonstrators to try to block the shipments.
Police expect thousands of demonstrators to try to block the transports.
Police expect to have preliminary drug test results in a few days.
Police expect to issue warrants today for the man's arrest on drug and firearms charges.
Police expect to make an arrest in the case soon.
Police expect to make arrests soon and nobody has claimed the boxes yet.
Police expect to release the identities of the suspects after today's arraignment.
Police expect to rely on citizens to report problems.
Police expel corrupt officers.
Police explain the warm-weather peak as resulting from anger induced by discomfort.
Police explosives experts are examining the remains of the device.
Police fail to find assassin.
Police fear backlash if animal activist dies.
Police fear clashes when deadline ends.
Police fear that some protesters have dangerous mischief in mind.
Police feel confident they have their suspect.
Police feel confident they'll crack the case.
Police feel for pulse, but find none.
Police feel like the same suspect was responsible for both robberies and maybe more.
Police feel they are being drawn more and more into social conflicts.
Police fight a losing battle against an army of killer boomers.
Police fight back with tear gas and rubber bullets.
Police fight with travelling fans throughout the game.
Police figure out it had been an arson.
Police find a cheap earring and a necktie nearby.
Police find a dead man on the road.
Police find beer bottles in the wrecked car.
Police find cash in man's buttocks .
Police find large amounts of marijuana in the apartment.
Police find more runaways and missing juveniles, reducing the number of delinquencies.
Police find no evidence and they are released.
Police find no fingerprints at the crime scene.
Police find pink elephants in Acid.
Police find second crocodile victim's head.
Police find stolen goods, drugs and weapons at the scene, and take two people into custody.
Police focus their resources there.
Police follow the trail of a murderous gang of hoboes.
Police forbid closed assemblies and prayers.
Police form a protective line between the peloton and an overflow of protestors from a paper mill.
Police form bomb squad in response to anarchist threats.
Police form multi-jurisdictional teams to find a serial killer.
Police freq info on Juneau, Alaska.
Police further believe that the blast was caused prematurely.
Police further describe the suspect as having black hair and brown eyes.
Police gain across an country therefore employ Boomerang.
Police generally attribute that rise to the region's overall growth.
Police generally have a duty to act once a law is broken.
Police get on.
Police get ready for Seattle-like protests.
Police get suspicious and the friend 'fesses up.
Police give mayor completed engine.
Police Give the local police departments as much notice as possible.
Police go over and knock on the door.
Police goose down jacket.
Police grab the plastic bags and pour the glue over the youths' heads and into their eyes.
Police grab third accomplice armed robbery .
Police handle calls for escorts at other hours.
Police handle policing.
Police has a partial description of the suspect.
Police has hay days while Pakistan slips under deeper shadows of darkness of feudal culture.
Police has to develop the effective strategy for contronting domestic violence.
Police have a composite of the man.
Police have a different perspective.
Police have a difficult and challenging job.
Police have a duty to periodically review and update their understanding of the law.
Police have a harder time capturing the prostitutes who strolled by in their vehicles.
Police have a highly unusual shoplifting case on their hands.
Police have a legal right and responsibility to maintain the flow of traffic.
Police have a lot of discretion in what charges are brought.
Police have a male suspect in custody.
Police have a mandate to battle crime.
Police have a preconceived attitude about what black people are like.
Police have a right to use force when it is necessary.
Police have a suspect and are continuing the investigation.
Police have a suspect in custody.
Police have a suspect.
Police have a tough time catching criminals - which they've done pretty well lately.
Police have a very distinct role within an oppressive and violent structure.
Police have a warrant for the man's arrest.
Police have a wide range of powers to impose conditions on and stop demonstrations.
Police have additional worries.
Police have advantages over firefighters in terms of response times.
Police have all that power and there's never any consequence.
Police have already checked out the alley, it's a dead end with no other exits.
Police have an arrest warrant for aggravated assault and related charges.
Police have an arrest warrant for an eighth suspect who remains at large.
Police have as yet been unable to determine if anything was stolen from the house.
Police have authority to freeze the situation in the vicinity of a recent crime.
Police have ballistic armor.
Police have burglary cases.
Police have cases.
Police have communication skills.
Police have contact.
Police have continuing leads in the case but additional information is needed if it is to be solved.
Police have different feelings toward curfews.
Police have DNA evidence in the case.
Police have engravers available to lend to residents.
Police have enormous discretion in who they choose to arrest.
Police have experience and training in investigative techniques.
Police have extensive powers to arrest, question, direct, and search people.
Police have extensive powers to enter and search premises.
Police have few clues and no suspects in the case.
Police have few clues in the robbery.
Police have few clues into the identity of the slaying victim.
Police have houses.
Police have it.
Police have little information to go on.
Police have mandatory drug and alcohol testing after critical incidents such as shootings.
Police have more stringent requirements for having probable cause to actually make an arrest.
Police have more success finding marijuana growing outside, where the hardy plant thrives.
Police have nabbed travelers for taking snapshots at markets, so be very careful.
Police have no active leads.
Police have no better description of the assailants than they are two black males.
Police have no clues to the crime so far.
Police have no contract.
Police have no control over the industry.
Police have no evidence that any such person exists.
Police have no idea of who the perpetrators are.
Police have no incentive to make auto theft a priority.
Police have no indication that the man is either a transient nor homeless, as has been reported.
Police have no jurisdiction on the reserve and there are lots of ways in and out.
Police have no leads in the case.
Police have no leads on any human suspects.
Police have no leads so far, but are continuing their investigation.
Police have no leads.
Police have no legal duty to respond and prevent crime or protect the victim.
Police have NO motive and NO suspects.
Police have no motive or suspects.
Police have no motive.
Police have no names or descriptions of the suspect or suspects.
Police have no new leads in the case.
Police have no reason to suspect foul play.
Police have no record of being called to the residence before the murder.
Police have no record of convictions.
Police have no reports of such crime.
Police have no responsibility in such matters.
Police have no right to torture a suspect.
Police have no suspect information and have made no arrests in connection with the incident.
Police have no suspect information.
Police have no suspects and an investigation is continuing.
Police have no suspects and are continuing to investigate.
Police have no suspects and continue to investigate the incident.
Police have no suspects and have made no arrests in connection with the incident.
Police have no suspects and the value of the computer is unknown.
Police have no suspects for either attack.
Police have no suspects in connection with either incident.
Police have no suspects in connection with that lab.
Police have no suspects in connection with the incident.
Police have no suspects in connection with the two thefts.
Police have no suspects in the assault.
Police have no suspects in the case.
Police have no suspects in the incident.
Police have no suspects in the ongoing investigation.
Police have no suspects in the robbery and beating.
Police have no suspects in the theft, and it's rare to find culprits here or recover stolen items.
Police have no suspects in the theft.
Police have no suspects in the vandalism.
Police have no suspects or motive.
Police have no suspects or motives.
Police have no suspects, and are continuing to investigate.
Police have no suspects, but they think the crime was committed by a sexual predator.
Police have no suspects.
Police have no witnesses to the event.
Police have no witnesses who saw the car enter the canal.
Police have no witnesses.
Police have obligation.
Police have one sketch based on a victim's account.
Police have one suspect for many of the crimes.
Police have patrols on beaches and plain clothes officers around some rural tourist attractions.
Police have people.
Police have plenty of other traffic violations to worry about.
Police have power.
Police have powers to record statements, investigate and pros- ecute offenders.
Police have powers to stop vehicles to check insurance and other matters.
Police have recordings of phone conversations the two held with the woman.
Police have roles.
Police have since delayed proceedings several times.
Police have skills.
Police have some information on the crimes and are currently investigating the incidents.
Police have still to search three other sites used by the cult.
Police have strong communication skills.
Police have suspects in money courier murder case Halle.
Police have suspicions about a potential perpetrator.
Police have technology, but crooks make use of technology too.
Police have the authority to break into vehicles to free trapped pets.
Police have the authority to remove vehicles, without including it in ordinance.
Police have the identity of one child who is believed to be from the United States.
Police have the legal authority to arrest and detain, usually granted by magistrates.
Police have the man's charred trousers in custody.
Police have the plate number and the investigation is ongoing.
Police have the power to place offenders in the labour camps.
Police have the power to seize vehicles used for fly-tipping.
Police have the right to maintain order.
Police have the right to stop and search for routine checks.
Police have the Right to use deadly force to quell rioting and looting.
Police have the right to use the force necessary to effect an arrest.
Police have the streets of the Ohio city under control - for now.
Police have their limits.
Police have their own language, norms, mores, and rituals.
Police have three suspects for some of the killings.
Police have to be seen as part of the community instead of the enemy.
Police have to be willing to do something with that information.
Police have to drive twice as far.
Police have to enforce the law so they are generally hated by younger Aboriginal people.
Police have to use force to subdue suspects every day.
Police have two arson suspects in custody.
Police have valuable evidence For the moment, there is reason for fear on the streets of Flushing.
Police have video footage of that fight.
Police have warrants for five other people who disappeared before the raids.
Police have yet to arrest and charge anyone with the murder.
Police have yet to charge anyone, and help for victims has yet to arrive.
Police have yet to conclusively establish their identities or relationship.
Police have yet to confirm that the husband is a suspect.
Police have yet to determine a motive.
Police have yet to discern a motive.
Police have yet to discover the source of the gunshot sounds.
Police have yet to find a motive for the killings.
Police have yet to find the killer.
Police have yet to identify one.
Police have yet to identify the owner of the property.
Police have yet to identify the tear gas used.
Police have yet to identify the victims.
Police have yet to lay any charges in the five murders.
Police have yet to make an arrest in that case.
Police have yet to make an arrest in the case.
Police have yet to make an arrest.
Police have yet to make any arrests in the case.
Police have yet to name any suspects in the slaying.
Police have yet to name the owner of the weapons stored at the locations.
Police have yet to register a case.
Police have yet to release a statement.
Police have yet to release the man's identity or the circumstances surrounding the chase.
Police have yet to release the victim's age or identity.
Police have yet to solve the killing.
Police help a delegate pass through demonstrators.
Police Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Police help ensure the public's safety.
Police help to stretcher a survivor to safety.
Police here live by their own rules.
Police hold a fairly unique position within their communities.
Police hold back cars as the bobbing lions pass by.
Police hold conferences.
Police hold girls at gunpoint.
Police hold press conferences.
Police hold similar events throughout the year to address community issues.
Police hold stereotypes about 'typical' criminals'.
Police hope to charge the three men with criminal conspiracy.
Police hope to confine protests to a designated and guarded area.
Police hope to have an arrest made in the next few days.
Police hope to identify both men.
Police hope to identify some of the suspects.
Police hope to increase the complement to nine in the next year.
Police hose down rioting white mobs in New Orleans.
Police hunting for an arsonist are keen to trace a man who has reported many of the blazes.
Police identify attackers.
Police identify men.
Police identify the target groups that are asked to give DNA samples for mass screens.
Police immobilize vehicles with a wheel lock.
Police impose curfew and block off village streets.
Police Includes a police FAQ sheet on crime and prevention, with reward and emergency information.
Police increase patrols after series of vehicle break-ins.
Police inhabit a territory of their own creation that is generally closed to civilians.
Police insist the action was necessary to maintain public safety.
Police insist the E kit is simply sending the wrong message about ecstasy.
Police insist used-bike shops bring in each bike in person to check if it's stolen.
Police institute certain strategies in an effort to prevent offences.
Police intend to release more details tonight.
Police intend to sue the dog owner.
Police intensify search for suspect in molestation case.
Police interact with teens in sports, group settings and one on one.
Police interrogate every participant, each of whom has to say the magic words.
Police intervene to stop the abuse and prosecute the abuser.
Police investigate bar murder Links to more UK stories are at the foot of the page.
Police investigate causes.
Police investigate death of ex-shah of Iran's daughter .
Police investigate incidents in accordance with the protocol developed with the local school board.
Police investigate reports that a second abduction attempt had failed a week earlier in Hampshire.
Police investigate the information which can lead to an arrest.
Police investigate the season's first sleigh-jacking.
Police investigate the second-hand book business and family relationships.
Police investigate, and four men are eventually convicted of the murders.
Police investigating a jewel robbery uncover the largest money-laundering case in a decade.
Police involved in the inquiry again blame Washington politics.
Police is a personnel
Police is about to arrest the protesters.
Police is absurd.
Police is apparently unable and obviously underresourced to provide sufficient protection.
Police is bands.
Police is capable of arrests.
Police is forces.
Police is History.
Police is humans.
Police is jobs.
Police is located in police stations.
Police is located in towns.
Police is nowhere in sight.
Police is one of the hardest working departments in the area.
Police is part of government.
Police is people.
Police is pretty sure that they caught the perpetrator.
Police is said to be totally corrupt.
Police is unable to provide the Sex Offender Registry.
Police is used as a force to suppress opponents.
Police is where society is headed.
Police isa agency.
Police isa bureau.
Police isa organization.
Police jackets a specialty.
Police justify such tactics as necessary in the war on drugs.
Police keep an eye on the building.
Police keep copies of restraining orders at the local division.
Police keep the proceeds.
Police know first hand that arresting marijuana smokers is a waste of time and resources.
Police know people's houses, cars and habits.
Police lack basic equipment and have little experience in modern counternarcotics methods.
Police later capture the one fugitive in a blind alley.
Police later find the son shot dead in nearby woods.
Police later recover the stolen Explorer nearby.
Police launch criminal investigations.
Police launch dawn raid to dismantle rebel government.
Police launch dozens of tear gas canisters, and batons swing wildly into the mob.
Police launch inquiries.
Police launch investigations.
Police launch murder investigations.
Police learn that the assault started when the couple began to argue in their home.
Police line up from time to time at the entrance ramp.
Police locate the others from the chat room.
Police log two separate stabbings in three days.
Police look for cars swerving in and out of traffic or making power runs down the street.
Police love it.
Police love leading it.
Police mail a ticket with the photo to the vehicle's owner.
Police maintain friends.
Police maintain pursuit until the officers with jurisdiction arrive to take over.
Police maintain records of people who have committed felonies and some misdemeanors .
Police maintain robbery was the likely motive for the killing.
Police maintain that they have received few complaints about the new restrictions.
Police maintain the city was well protected.
Police make contact.
Police make little distinction between ordinary piety and terrorism.
Police make little effort to recover stolen bikes.
Police make monthly reports on lock problems and unsecured outside doors.
Police make only a cursory search of the house.
Police make regular checks for underage drinkers.
Police make statements.
Police maltreat peaceful marchers.
Police meanwhile use official vehicles to ferry girlfriends around, take their wives shopping, etc.
Police measure vehicle speeds to see if they're going to fast.
Police meet a lot of strange characters and witness a lot of bizarre situations.
Police minivans with blaring blue sirens are never far away in a city.
Police monitor surrounding areas.
Police monitor the cameras inside a nearby kiosk.
Police mostly deal with shoplifters, car prowlers and people who pass bad checks.
Police mount raids on coastal villages and set up roadblocks inland.
Police move in quickly, and drag the hapless Sichuan fan from the stadium.
Police move in to break up peaceful parade of strikers in Winnipeg.
Police move in to quell the crowd and allow the firemen to work.
Police move in with night sticks to clear protesters from the scene.
Police move in, and a shooting battle begins.
Police move into crowds with nightsticks, mace, tear gas and gunfire.
Police move into the intersection with an armored vehicle and use pepper spray and rubber bullets.
Police nationwide protect life and property with our handguns.
Police never have feelings of sympathy for the criminals.
Police never wait for back-up.
Police normally cite fans for such offenses during games.
Police normally make arrests, but a citizen can make an arrest under some circumstances.
Police normally use female officers to investigate cases of abuse.
Police note that problems stem from poor management and lack of supervision.
Police note they still believe the first incident was legitimate.
Police notify the other party if an order is issued.
Police now believe the bank blast was aimed at confusing investigators.
Police now combine efforts to promote responsible youth development.
Police now conclude it is a case of abduction.
Police now exercise summary forfeiture of handguns without due process.
Police now have a way of identifying belongings by running a scanner near the item.
Police now have an online registry of owners and their firearms.
Police now have the authority, for instance, to impose fines with no judicial oversight.
Police now have the opportunity to do the same.
Police now have the power to take samples from volunteers or people already charged with a crime.
Police now know one man is responsible for the three most recent robberies.
Police now make more than a million drug arrests annually.
Police now say there was no video camera in the library, where most murders took place.
Police now say two suspects are in custody.
Police now think that three terrorists are based in the city.
Police occasionally attack newspaper offices and interfere with newspaper distribution.
Police occasionally react to demonstrations that turn violent by opening fire on protesters.
Police occasionally stop and frisk locals and tourists, checking for drugs.
Police occasionally torture and rape detainees.
Police occasionally use excessive force in containing public demonstrations.
Police occupy positions of extraordinary trust and power in our society.
Police offer an array of services to prevent more violence.
Police offer assistance and investigate reports of crime or theft.
Police offer tips for preventing cargo theft.
Police only have a brief description of the offender who is described as female with long hair.
Police only investigate criminal matters.
Police only seem to prosecute individual nudists relaxing on the beach.
Police only show up when it's convenient to the plot.
Police open the door.
Police operate in pairs and with backup.
Police particularly complain about undocumented workers, immigration officials say.
Police patrol the area.
Police patrol the halls.
Police patrol the train platform.
Police pay attention to the murder, the great investigation is underway.
Police pay Detroit police officers are paid less than officers of any other major U.S. city.
Police persuade people to behave.
Police pick up shell casings in the parking lot.
Police plan sobriety check at undisclosed location tonight.
Police plan to be more aggressive and have more presence in the area.
Police plan to be stricter about where skating can be done.
Police plan to center on the most blatant violators first.
Police plan to expand their new program to middle and high schools as well as elementaries.
Police plan to hire a full-time detective to combat a sharp increase in domestic violence cases.
Police plan to install similar phones in other outlying parking lots.
Police plan to refer the case to the local prosecutor.
Police plan to send the finger to a state lab to confirm that it is, in fact, a human finger.
Police plan to take it to other city and area schools.
Police plan to triple their regular manpower.
Police play a helper role, rather than an enforcer role.
Police play a key role in small arms control.
Police point out there is no legal source of marijuana or even marijuana seeds.
Police pose as children in active search for pedophiles.
Police pose as prostitutes and communicate for that purpose in order to gather evidence.
Police prefer dealing with friendly huggers at raves rather than handling violent, puking drunks.
Police prepare a response to the ransom note.
Police prepare at the bank.
Police prevent abortion.
Police prevent late arrivals from joining protest.
Police primarily investigate situations due to noise violations.
Police privide a waide range of services.
Police probably feel that more than anyone.
Police profiling for age is still police profiling based on a stereotype.
Police protect Brazilian referee after penalty decision.
Police protect the armies who destroy communities.
Police protect the internal social harmony of the country.
Police provide an additional shelter, but both the doctors and the children call it a prison.
Police provide answers.
Police provide biased information to the press.
Police provide education in area schools to reduce the attractiveness of gang membership.
Police provide escorts for any student who requests it for campus travel.
Police provide information and support.
Police provide protection.
Police provides enforcement on Maryland waterways.
Police provides to local law enforcement agencies.
Police pull down a man who climbed onto an armored personal carrier.
Police question family in alleged crime of 'honour'.
Police quickly disperse the crowds.
Police quickly learn who the bad guys are.
Police quickly pull out a large awning to protect the players.
Police rationalize activities given the impossibility of eradicating crime.
Police react to free market incentives, just like everyone else.
Police read and confiscated their political literature.
Police readily admit they have been aggressive.
Police receive a tip that the elderly man is living at a nearby hotel.
Police receive calls.
Police receive emergency calls.
Police receive information.
Police receive messages from various sources.
Police receive specific information.
Police recommend construction of tempered steel and an accompanying double-tumbler lock.
Police recommend keeping the records in a secure place, such as a safe-deposit box.
Police recommend parents use a password that is simple to remember or means something to the child.
Police recommend shoppers use common sense to avoid falling victim to thieves.
Police recommend that the safe be visible to the outside street.
Police recommend that women keep their purses zipped up or closed.
Police record the estimated end of the shooting on their report.
Police recover items stolen during party.
Police refer crime victims to the program, but some people discover it on their own.
Police refuse to comment on the call itself but are looking into it according to the report.
Police refuse to eject the camera or the journalist.
Police refuse to make arrests.
Police refuse to provide protection.
Police refuse to speak about the case and have made no arrests.
Police regain control using tear gas.
Police regularly check for permits and issue citations.
Police regularly check motorists' speed with radar and camera devices.
Police regularly check motorists speed.
Police regularly check motorists' speed.
Police regularly checks motorists speed.
Police regularly go into bars and harass patrons.
Police regularly harass prostitutes.
Police regularly return to the beat to report on progress and get feedback from residents.
Police reject candidate for being too intelligent .
Police release descriptions to the media.
Police release images.
Police release more details.
Police release sketches of man, car seen in area.
Police rely on aerial imagery to detect marijuana fields.
Police rely on principles.
Police remain at the scene and are inspecting the car to see if it itself contains explosives.
Police remain at the scene in the hunt for clues.
Police remain relatively popular in some circles there as a bulwark against gangs.
Police remain tight lipped about the investigation.
Police remain unwilling or unable to take effective actions against criminal activity.
Police remain vigilant about sex on the sand.
Police remove a hysterical friend of a murder victim from the crime scene.
Police remove plates from car.
Police repeatedly ignore court rulings curbing profiling.
Police report a decrease in violent deaths.
Police report a rash of generator thefts.
Police report a small quantity of cash as taken after one or more culprits forced open a door.
Police report all sandbagging complete.
Police report higher than average rates of divorce, alcoholism, and stress.
Police report in original regarding loss of passport.
Police report many physical assaults take place where illegal substances are found.
Police report no instances of crack abuse to date.
Police report no new breakthroughs in the troublesome case.
Police report on file with the local authorities.
Police report one arrest but no serious injuries following the clash.
Police report one or more culprits entered the building through a rear window.
Police report one or more culprits gained entry to the home through a window.
Police report one or more culprits made an unsuccessful attempt to force open the cash box.
Police report preliminary results.
Police report responding to several disturbances involving people under the influence of alcohol.
Police report results.
Police report someone mistook a science project for a fire.
Police report that all four men had been associates prior to the shooting.
Police report that it is impossible to use radar to enforce speed laws in the park.
Police report that it is most likely gang related.
Police report that juvenile crime has increased over the past year.
Police report that neither was wearing a seatbelt.
Police report that one person was injured in a bombing of a Turkish club in Bremen.
Police report that some of the church's followers seem to have disappeared.
Police report that the dog bit two children in the face.
Police report that the gun was stored openly against the bedroom wall when it was taken.
Police report that there have been no incidents thus far.
Police report the break-in occurred while the family was away.
Police report The usual, mercifully short, list of petty crimes was given.
Police report the vandalism has been going on for a couple weeks in that area.
Police report thefts of coveted generators.
Police report there have been four active paulownia theft investigations in the last two months.
Police reportedly abuse detainees during interrogation.
Police reports on injuries and damage are often way off the mark.
Police reports regarding the questioning of potential suspects.
Police reports state that the two men approached the victim outside the laundromat.
Police represent the judgmental world outside their circle and are a threat to it.
Police respond to assist officers on the scene of a domestic battery and criminal damage.
Police respond to homes.
Police respond to mentally ill.
Police respond to scenes.
Police respond to the lifting of any help phone receiver, even when no words are spoken.
Police respond to various incidents, including traffic accidents and crimes,in person or by phone.
Police respond with teargas and baton charges.
Police retaliate, one youth killed.
Police riddle the body of a sex criminal with bullets.
Police ride by.
Police rim the field instead of drunken students.
Police ring the campus.
Police rounds university buildings.
Police routinely check for alcohol and seat-belt use in fatal accidents.
Police routinely conduct arbitrary searches and seizures and beat detainees to obtain confessions.
Police routinely ignore prescribed limits on detention, search, and seizure.
Police routinely ignore proscribed limits on detention, search, and seizure.
Police routinely normalize the use of force by two types of accounts.
Police routinely obtain bad warrants.
Police routinely shake down drivers for payoffs at traffic stops.
Police routinely use torture to extract confessions.
Police rule it a suicide.
Police rule the death a suicide.
Police rule the death an accident.
Police run their lights when responding to an eviction notice.
Police rush past at sixty miles an hour.
Police say a barking dog is an excellent way to deter burglars.
Police say a black male entered the store, threatened the clerk with a gun, and demanded money.
Police say a black male was driving the car, which is believed to be light blue sedan.
Police say a brake failure caused a roller-coaster cart to crash into another.
Police say a car was seen speeding away moments later.
Police say a car went out of control and struck a station wagon.
Police say a combination of prudent planning and pure luck is how the nightmare was avoided.
Police say a dispute between a group of four young men ended in gunfire.
Police say a DNA database program in Britain is having huge success.
Police say a driver ignored the lights and sirens and collided into a fire truck in Lower Downtown.
Police say a fight broke out in the parking lot of a store on the south side of the city.
Police say a gang of youths carried out the massacre.
Police say a group of soldiers used the villa as a warehouse to store thousands of fake VCDs.
Police say a lack of heroin and a decrease in purity are forcing addicts to commit more robberies.
Police say a language barrier slowed down their investigation.
Police say a man armed with a gun demanded money, stole cash from the register, and then fled.
Police say a man entered a delivery truck and stole three bags of money.
Police say a man entered the store with a small black revolver and demanded money from the clerk.
Police say a man slipped a note into the girl's backpack that initiated an e-mail exchange.
Police say a man walked in the store and demanded money.
Police say a man walked into the bank and handed a teller a note.
Police say a man walked out of the yard and opened fire.
Police say a masked man showed a knife and demanded money.
Police say a month-long investigation followed following a report of the battery.
Police say a neighbor saw a young man standing in their carport that day.
Police say a neighbour called in a breaking glass complaint.
Police say a number of people stopped to pay their respects.
Police say a passenger in the car with the man witnessed the shooting.
Police say a search of the house revealed that nothing appeared to be stolen.
Police say a short time later, they found their mother dead.
Police say a solid steel bike lock is strongest.
Police say a sport utility vehicle ran a stoplight and hit a semi truck.
Police say a surveillance camera documented the boy's role in the shooting.
Police say a suspect rang the victims' doorbell then hid out of sight beside the door.
Police say a suspected burglar was eaten by an alligator while hiding from police.
Police say a tanker truck jackknifed.
Police say a teenaged burglar hit a house a few blocks away, and the homeowner gave chase.
Police say a third man is on the loose.
Police say a tussle from one bar moved to another and exploded during Monday Night Football.
Police say a white man entered the station, armed with a handgun.
Police say a witness saw one of the passengers toss a gun out the car's window.
Police say abusers are chewing it or crushing it before ingesting it to produce a more intense high.
Police say after the customers left, the assailant tied the clerk's hands and stole some money.
Police say alcohol was a factor in all three cases.
Police say alcohol was a factor in both of the accidents.
Police say alcohol was a factor in the accident.
Police say alcohol was being investigated as a contributing factor in the wreck.
Police say alcohol was probably a factor in the accident.
Police say all four men worked at nearby Nagano ski resorts.
Police say all persons in the building at the time of the initial collapse have been accounted for.
Police say allow for traffic.
Police say an autopsy shows the child's injuries are consistent with aggravated child abuse.
Police say an exchange of words between cousins sent one to the hospital.
Police say an investigation is under way.
Police say an outside door was forced open.
Police say another dog also ate the poison.
Police say assaults did happen.
Police say at least six other people suffered injuries during the landing.
Police say bicycle thefts are crimes of opportunity.
Police say both are members of an auto theft ring that targeted the docks.
Police say both men confessed and knew intimate details of the crime.
Police say both men have expressed remorse.
Police say both shipments are believed to have originated in Yugoslavia.
Police say brown dove off a highwall and tried to swim to the opposite shore but never made it.
Police say businesses and residents in the area have been asked to leave the area as a precaution.
Police say car thefts and break-ins are up in the City of Jackson especially in north Jackson.
Police say chain locks are virtually useless.
Police say children are being killed in the streets.
Police say college women are among the most vulnerable to such drug rapes.
Police say construction workers accidentally ripped into a gas main.
Police say crack can ruin lives in a few months and cause big rips in the fabric of a community.
Police say crime levels have dropped by more than four percent.
Police say DNA testing is needed to confirm identity of child's body.
Police say dogs are the key to the whole operation.
Police say dozens of women in the Washington, D.C., suburbs have been victims of the scam.
Police say drugs and alcohol appear to have been factors.
Police say each one was in their own bed.
Police say ecstasy can cause users to remain awake for two to three days after taking it.
Police say eight other occupied estates across the country are also poised for eviction.
Police say entry was made through a locked rear door that was forced open.
Police say even though they're patrolling the area more, car owners have a role to play as well.
Police say everyone was wearing their seatbelts.
Police say family members call for different reasons.
Police say fans stopped on the hard shoulder to take pictures - causing traffic chaos.
Police say foul play is involved and have classified the case as an attempted murder.
Police say four fires have been intentionally set in the last week.
Police say four other teen-age boys also handled the gun at school.
Police say heroin's low price and high potency is a deliberate marketing move.
Police say hydrocodone has become one of their biggest problems in the fight against drug abuse.
Police say icy roads contributed to the accident.
Police say if they recover a stolen car, it is returned to the original owner.
Police say imagers make their job safer and more efficient.
Police say in every incident, the attempted kidnapper was driving a red or white pick-up truck.
Police say in one case the suspect was hiding in the victim's garage.
Police say it all began with a traffic stop, but from there it was anything but routine.
Police say it appears a domestic dispute turned deadly in Carroll County.
Police say it appears someone kicked out all the railings and the interpretive signs.
Police say it appears the victim had been shot and badly burned.
Police say it had been there for two or three days.
Police say it happened a decade ago.
Police say it has become popular as a drug of abuse.
Police say it is a chronic problem.
Police say it is an exercise to reduce armed crime.
Police say it is part of a Muslim spiritual group with political motives.
Police say it is part of a sophisticated operation.
Police say it is still fuzzy as to how the emergency call was made.
Police say it is the most common reason they make referrals to other agencies.
Police say it is the third such attack in recent years on Canadian abortionists.
Police say it is too early to talk about motive, but they are looking into labour-related issues.
Police say it s really a pyramid scheme, a big con that rips off needy participants.
Police say it started as an altercation in the club parking lot between two teens.
Police say it started with a traffic stop.
Police say it swerved to avoid a car stopped in front.
Police say it takes a minute to answer the questions.
Police say it takes more than cars to patrol a growing area.
Police say it was a car bomb.
Police say it was a hit and run.
Police say it was accidental.
Police say it was all a hoax.
Police say it was almost certainly smuggled aboard in Kingston.
Police say it was possibly being driven by two young men.
Police say it was set to explode when opened.
Police say it, too, has gone to Edmonton for testing.
Police say it's a public safety issue and the mere presence of pets causes problems.
Police say it's a safe way of restraining violent prisoners.
Police say it's a vital weapon in the fight against crime.
Police say it's because there are more gas stations in Virginia Beach to hit.
Police say it's only a matter of time before someone gets killed.
Police say it's only now that the families realise the possible significance of what they heard.
Police say it's possible that the suspect left the area.
Police say it's the sunshine reflected off the marble that creates the image.
Police say it's way down their priority list whenever help has been asked for.
Police say Lucas, who is homeless, has confessed to the crime.
Police say many drivers are looking for a dealer.
Police say most car stereo enthusiasts have gotten the hint and have turned down the bass.
Police say most desecrations in Morris county, NJ, are pranks.
Police say most injuries have been light.
Police say most of the equipment has been recovered.
Police say most of the suspects are street-dealers.
Police say most of the victims are teen- age boys.
Police say most things sell for way below what they're worth.
Police say motorists are ignoring the closure signs and breaking down in the water.
Police say murderers often start out as burglars, so it's a good idea to have their DNA on file.
Police say neighbors report hearing shots fired.
Police say neither injury appears to be life threatening.
Police say neither man was wearing a seatbelt.
Police say no arrests had been made.
Police say no cash was stolen in the incident.
Police say NO charges are pending.
Police say no one has been arrested or charged in the case.
Police say no one was believed injured in the explosion.
Police say no one was home at the time.
Police say no one was hurt or arrested.
Police say no one was injured in the incident.
Police say no one was injured.
Police say nobody else was in the motor home at the time.
Police say none of the children on board was injured.
Police say none of the men involved in the incident received life threatening injuries.
Police say none of the stones appear to be damaged, although some are broken off their bases.
Police say none of the teens was wearing seat belts.
Police say officials suspect the women died after breathing gases from the volcano's crater.
Police say one child was killed after being trapped under the bus.
Police say one girl was carrying marijuana.
Police say one home belongs to a suspect's girlfriend.
Police say one man committed both crimes.
Police say one man is behind the rip-offs.
Police say one of the best crime-prevention tools is a neighborhood crime watch.
Police say one of the drivers was unable to stop for a stop sign and slid into another car.
Police say one of the men knocked on the others door, and said there was a car accident outside.
Police say one of the pregnant women was airlifted to a hospital.
Police say one of the suspects was shot by one of the guards.
Police say one of the youths confessed to the attack.
Police say one way the rapist is able to strike is through doors that are being left unlocked.
Police say other charges are likely.
Police say other public safety agencies have access to the frequency on which the song was played.
Police say patrolling neighborhoods is among the most effective ways to fight crime.
Police say people are often too embarrassed or scared to report hate crimes.
Police say people continue to run the light and they have an officer monitoring the situation.
Police say personnel at the adult Web sites have been reluctant to cooperate.
Police say preliminary investigations suggest that the fire started accidentally.
Police say quality of life enforcement has reduced auto break-ins and vandalism.
Police say quality of life enforcement has reduced car break-ins and vandalism.
Police say road rage led to the assault.
Police say robbery was the motive for the killing.
Police say several buildings collapsed and others are in danger of falling.
Police say shooting victim pointed shotgun at officers.
Police say social services contacted the children's mother near Fort Lewis, Washington.
Police say some men are using the drug to sexually abuse women.
Police say some of that windfall is used to fight the war on drugs.
Police say some shopping areas have had items stolen out of vehicles and businesses burglarized.
Police say someone entered the home by breaking a bedroom window.
Police say someone ransacked wall lockers and filing cabnets.
Police say someone removed a stop sign that was supposed to control traffic at the intersection.
Police say speed was a factor in an accident that sent a Roanoke County woman to the hospital.
Police say stolen cell phones are driving up the numbers.
Police say teenagers are turning auto theft into a summer sport.
Police say that all involved showed signs of intoxication.
Police say that anyone who verbally abuses an officer is subject to arrest.
Police say that at least the incident shows that the system works.
Police say that causes accidents.
Police say that credibility led others to believe a pyramid scheme to make money was legal.
Police say that crime overall is still down, but there have been more high-profile cases.
Police say that drug dealers often use abandoned homes in their work.
Police say that further charges are possible.
Police say that gangs of young people who used to congregate have all but disappeared.
Police say that is where the story gets very interesting.
Police say that Juvenile also grabbed a police officer, and shouted obscenities.
Police say that more than half of all crimes go unreported.
Police say that most of the money has been repaid to the church.
Police say that neither car was travelling at a high speed and they are searching for witnesses.
Police say that number is low.
Police say that other antique dealers have been less careful.
Police say that the alcohol of choice for many teenagers is beer, and there's plenty of it.
Police say that the driver tried to avoid the boy.
Police say that the families of the two men have a long-standing feud.
Police say that the man also pushed the woman out of a window.
Police say that the mission statement was just a poor choice of words.
Police say that the scam is a version of an age-old scam.
Police say that the smugglers counselled their clients to make refugee claims upon entering Canada.
Police say that the suspect appears to have parties on a regular basis.
Police say that the woman had multiple sclerosis.
Police say that there are lots of worthwhile charities.
Police say that there are no suspicious circumstances.
Police say that there is a composite sketch of the suspect.
Police say that they are opening an investigation, but that there's only so much they can do.
Police say that they are still looking for another suspect.
Police say that they are taking steps.
Police say that they even created dental records.
Police say that they have never seen a crime so vicious and delicious at the same time.
Police say that they have several leads in the case and that the investigation continues.
Police say that they have stepped up patrols in the gang and drug ridden neighborhoods.
Police say that they're trying to do just that.
Police say that when dealt illicitly on the street, it can cost as much as heroin or more.
Police say that, when women are assaulted, they are usually dragged to the ground.
Police say that's a hassle.
Police say that's because there is often little information with which to start an investigation.
Police say that's the gun that was being fired - according to reports.
Police say that's when a fight broke out.
Police say that's when the problems started.
Police say the accident was alcohol-related.
Police say the alleged assault happened over a one year period.
Police say the alleged sexual contact was consensual.
Police say the animal was beaten, doused with gasoline, set on fire and hung from a street sign.
Police say the apparently despondent man clutched a shotgun and rushed toward officers.
Police say the assault lasted about six hours.
Police say the attack happened two weeks ago.
Police say the attack has the hallmarks of a sectarian shooting.
Police say the attack near a fast-foot restaurant was unprovoked.
Police say the attack was possibly the result of a mugging.
Police say the attacker searches for victims and then slips into unlocked doors.
Police say the aunt waited outside.
Police say the baby had been, essentially, shaken to death.
Police say the band consists of three to four men in their mid-twenties.
Police say the baseball bat attack outside a Muslim mosque last week was a random robbery.
Police say the beeps came from the timer on the restaurant's microwave oven.
Police say the bike patrols have helped reduce the number of purse snatchings and vehicle break-ins.
Police say the black and red graffiti is all over the interior walls of the memorial.
Police say the body is indeed that of a man and had been there for quite some time.
Police say the body was wrapped body in plastic bags and a tarp.
Police say the bomb was powerful enough to kill people if anyone had been nearby when it went off.
Police say the bombers escaped.
Police say the boy got a bomb recipe off the 'net.
Police say the boy had slipped while climbing a steep slope.
Police say the boy loaded the pistol and it accidentally discharged.
Police say the boy often spent weekend evenings there with the priest.
Police say the boy was sodomized with several objects.
Police say the boys knew each other before the attack.
Police say the burglars entered the home through a window and took a twelve gage shotgun and money.
Police say the bus appears to have been on the wrong off-ramp.
Police say the business attracted customers through a low commission rate.
Police say the caller apparently is working off a list of Anchorage phone numbers.
Police say the cameras keep areas safe and save money.
Police say the car crossed over a railroad crossing at an apparent high rate of speed.
Police say the car exploded when people trying to rig a car bomb accidentally detonated it.
Police say the car hit a utility pole and split in two.
Police say the car hydroplaned, flipped and landed in the median.
Police say the car jumped the median and slammed into the rear side of the bus.
Police say the car was traveling west on Atlantic when the bike rider ran into it.
Police say the car's driver fled the scene.
Police say the car's steeling column had been torn apart in an alleged attempt to steal it.
Police say the case is still active.
Police say the case remains open.
Police say the charges stem from the conditions in which the girls lived.
Police say the check was out of a nonexisting account.
Police say the checkpoint is an effective tool to provide for public safety.
Police say the child had been dead for days before the body was found.
Police say the child had multiple broken bones and bruising.
Police say the child was just shy of turning seven.
Police say the chopper crew is reporting that the scorched area is about an acre in size.
Police say the circumstances surrounding the incident remain unclear.
Police say the clerk apparently was beaten about the head with a blunt object.
Police say the clerk became suspicious after the man walked out.
Police say the couple apparently had been living in the two-horse trailer.
Police say the couple has had an ongoing dispute over child custody.
Police say the couple was looking for a safe containing money and drugs.
Police say the couple was struck with a sledgehammer from the garage.
Police say the crimes appear to have been similar in nature.
Police say the crowd was very unruly.
Police say the device was a home-made bomb detonated by remote control.
Police say the device, planted in a minibus, was a time-controlled bomb.
Police say the dinghy was completely inadequate to the conditions.
Police say the dog bit two boys, then roamed farther onto campus.
Police say the dog had to be segregated during the investigation of the crime scene.
Police say the door swung back and hit the gun, discharging it.
Police say the driver and passenger of the second car fled the scene on foot.
Police say the driver ignored the flashing lights.
Police say the driver of the semi trailer escaped with minor injuries.
Police say the driver was trying to pass another car and lost control.
Police say the driver was using a cellphone.
Police say the driver, from South Carolina, had minor injuries.
Police say the explanation was that the occupants wanted to improve their back yard.
Police say the extortion rackets are partly run by two crime dons living overseas.
Police say the figure only reflects a fraction of what is really out there.
Police say the film they confiscated features shots of the insides of several women's skirts.
Police say the film they recovered features the insides of several women's skirts.
Police say the fire apparently started when heat lamps used to grow the plants malfunctioned.
Police say the fire caused only minor damage.
Police say the fire was accidental, but others say it was arson.
Police say the fire was deliberately set.
Police say the first bomb was hidden in a motorcycle parked in front of a court building.
Police say the frayed trust between officers and citizens goes both ways.
Police say the gangs are fighting for turf, including their share of the heroin trade.
Police say the girl solicited the boy to bring the handgun to school.
Police say the girl was in no way contributing to the suspect's action.
Police say the girl was riding in the front seat of a car when it struck a light pole at high speed.
Police say the group exchanged pornographic photos of kids as young as age two over the Internet.
Police say the group is a spinoff the the notorious Big Circle Boys.
Police say the guard was pistol whipped and shot after a struggle with the men.
Police say the gunmen entered the fort and killed a guard, an army barber and a soldier.
Police say the gunmen fled after opening fire twice in the direction of the building.
Police say the gunmen knew at least one of the victims.
Police say the hijacker was a suspect in an earlier shooting.
Police say the holdups are unrelated.
Police say the incident appears to be a domestic situation.
Police say the incident followed a dispute between the victim and the offenders.
Police say the individual likes to operate in the early morning.
Police say the instructor was demonstrating auto rotation.
Police say the intruder fired three shots, the homeowner eight.
Police say the investigation into the murder is continuing.
Police say the investigation is continuing.
Police say the investigation is still under way.
Police say the kidnappers promised locals a share of any ransom money if they act as lookouts.
Police say the killer's name is almost certainly contained somewhere inside.
Police say the killing was accidental.
Police say the Klansmen intended to use the money to finance other terrorist acts.
Police say the lacerations appeared to be self-inflicted.
Police say the large crowd of boats on the river was a recipe for disaster.
Police say the majority of deaths are related to heroin - usually in combination with other drugs.
Police say the man became disoriented and was forced to spend the night in the woods.
Police say the man entered the store and demanded money from employees.
Police say the man entered the store- started shooting and then set the building on fire.
Police say the man fled the scene on foot.
Police say the man found a packet of marijuana and a marijuana pipe inside the bag.
Police say the man handed the teller a note, demanding money.
Police say the man stole the cruiser after shooting the officer who was driving it.
Police say the man then brandished a handgun, took the money and left the bank.
Police say the man usually wears a cap.
Police say the man was apparently beaten to death.
Police say the man was bald and had no facial hair.
Police say the man was dressed in gray jogging clothes and wore black sunglasses.
Police say the man was in possession of marijuana.
Police say the man was stabbed in the chest following a dispute over a car.
Police say the man was upset over a pending divorce.
Police say the man who was driving the van has been arrested for driving while intoxicated.
Police say the media is sometimes a cover for activist.
Police say the men hanged the six-pound animal and lit it on fire.
Police say the men made off with an underdetermined amount of cash.
Police say the men tried to run over the officer and the agent.
Police say the Mexican drifter is linked to nine deaths in Texas, Illinois and Kentucky.
Police say the minor decoy program is effective.
Police say the mixture created dangerous fumes that caused breathing problems for everyone inside.
Police say the motel had been robbed.
Police say the motive appears to be robbery.
Police say the motive for the crime was robbery.
Police say the move follows a marked increase in gun related crime in the city.
Police say the murder was ordered by a rival clan.
Police say the networks are becoming more sophisticated and harder to uncover.
Police say the new ordinance is a crime-fighting tool.
Police say the notes revealed an embittered person who relishes killing.
Police say the number of computer-related crimes continues to rise in Russia.
Police say the number one reason people get their cars stolen is because they are careless.
Police say the other boy was also fourteen.
Police say the pair have been charged with larceny and burglary.
Police say the pair held up three businesses within a mile, all in about ten minutes.
Police say the pair yelled a string of obscenities at the officers.
Police say the pilot is seriously injured.
Police say the powerful military style bomb blasted a large hole outside the wall of the station.
Police say the problem requires traffic engineering.
Police say the program was a success.
Police say the protestors are armed with arrows, spears and other traditional weapons.
Police say the protestors have become hysterical, and in some cases are persecuting innocent people.
Police say the public reaction has been hysterical and that innocent people are suffering.
Police say the rapes took place over a three-year period.
Police say the rapist is so bold the attacks have happened in broad daylight.
Police say the rapist was a tall white male wearing a dark ski jacket.
Police say the real problem comes from private, off campus parties.
Police say the rig was towing a box trailer.
Police say the robber never showed the teller any explosives or weapons.
Police say the robber then grabbed cash and left the store.
Police say the robber was a white male with blonde bushy hair, and a mustache.
Police say the robbers hid out, waiting for the market to close.
Police say the robbers staked out the store for at least three hours before they moved in.
Police say the robbers threatened to start shooting people unless the manager opened the safe.
Police say the robbery was carefully planned.
Police say the runaway vehicle totalled several of the cars it struck.
Police say the serial rapist is on the loose and is concentrating on one area.
Police say the shooter wore glasses and was either balding or had a receding hairline.
Police say the shooter worked at one of the companies.
Police say the shooting occurred in the girls' home.
Police say the shooting was gang-related.
Police say the shootings occurred as a gunman drove down the street.
Police say the slaying is gang-related.
Police say the slaying was drug-related.
Police say the smugglers planned to mail the figurines to the United States.
Police say the stepfather appears to be a responsible gun owner.
Police say the student athletes sexually assaulted other athletes during hazing.
Police say the students handed over a small amount of money.
Police say the supply has come largely from thieves.
Police say the suspect displayed a pistol to the female clerk and demanded that cash be handed over.
Police say the suspect drove off in a blue compact car with stolen tags.
Police say the suspect fired at the officers and missed, hitting a police car.
Police say the suspect fled in an employee's vehicle.
Police say the suspect fled, and a search began.
Police say the suspect got out of the stolen, now smashed car and took off running.
Police say the suspect had somehow managed to smuggle a gun into the building.
Police say the suspect is a black man, about five ten with a thick build.
Police say the suspect is about five feet, ten inches tall, with a stocky build.
Police say the suspect is now in custody.
Police say the suspect stole the painkiller oxycontin.
Police say the suspect took the victim's keys.
Police say the suspect was dressed in baggy pants and a hooded sweatshirt.
Police say the suspected shooter has been taken into custody.
Police say the suspects apparently knew the victims but no motive has been determined.
Police say the suspects are taking money, purses, and other items in plain sight.
Police say the suspects first made contact through the Internet with officers in New Hampshire.
Police say the suspects invaded an apartment and shot two people.
Police say the suspects made off with an undetermined amount of money.
Police say the suspects used a rock to break the galss on the front door.
Police say the tablets originated in Russia.
Police say the teen had practiced the maneuver successfully prior to taping.
Police say the teen shot two people in a restroom, then walked into a quad and fired randomly.
Police say the teens held up a woman in front of a store, then rode off on their bikes.
Police say the teens shot one migrant worker in the back with pellet guns.
Police say the thief displayed a black semi-automatic handgun during the robbery.
Police say the tragic set of events began with a pickup truck stolen from a gas station in Akron.
Police say the trooper knocked to the ground suffered minor injuries.
Police say the truck driver is to blame.
Police say the truck slammed into a cement mailbox, which shattered the passenger-side window.
Police say the twins offered to help with the bags, then shoved their way into the apartment.
Police say the two and another juvenile travelled there after being linked to a shooting in Altoona.
Police say the two are suspects in another gun shop robbery last month.
Police say the two incidents are connected.
Police say the two men admitted they had sex with the victim.
Police say the two travelled to Camden, New Jersey after being linked to a shooting in Altoona.
Police say the unidentified boy is being evaluated but appears to be okay.
Police say the unidentified officer noticed the house's back door slightly open.
Police say the vehicle the man driving was stolen.
Police say the vehicles' gas tanks melted, adding fuel to an already hot fire.
Police say the victim suffered several broken vertebrae and a concussion.
Police say the victim was beaten and choked.
Police say the victim's car apparently hit a parked car, then bounced into a tree.
Police say the villa contained Yemeni army uniforms.
Police say the violence comes in waves, erupting and then dying down.
Police say the winds are at their worst from Milton into Southland.
Police say the woman again fled on foot with an undermined amount of cash.
Police say the woman escaped without injury.
Police say the woman wanted the visitors to return home with a better feeling about the city.
Police say the woman was stabbed.
Police say the woman who allegedly plotted the murders had been faking a pregnancy.
Police say the woman, who has yet to be named, is from the local area.
Police say the worker was paid recently and had several hundred dollars in cash.
Police say the young suspect has an extensive criminal record.
Police say the youths drank their own blood and that of mutilated animals.
Police say the youths had been drinking for several hours before they ran amok.
Police say their continuing inquiries into the cause of the crash.
Police say their investigation into a motive for the shooting is ongoing.
Police say their investigation is ongoing.
Police say there are about a dozen biker gangs in Ontario with hundreds of known members.
Police say there are no suspects.
Police say there are no suspicious circumstances.
Police say there have been four demonstrators arrested.
Police say there is a high alert at airports, rail stations, bus terminals and government offices.
Police say there is little hope of finding any survivors.
Police say there is no evidence of foul play and are treating it as a missing persons case.
Police say there is no evidence of foul play in all but one of the alcohol-related deaths.
Police say there is no evidence of foul play.
Police say there is no evidence that links the two killings.
Police say there is no warning gate at the crossing where the accident occurred.
Police say there was a car in the area at the time the girl disappeared.
Police say there was no electrical power in the playhouse nor anything flammable.
Police say there was no sign of forced entry.
Police say there was suspicion of marijuana use.
Police say there's no immediate evidence the victim was a child molester.
Police say there's no known motive for the killing.
Police say they alleged assaults happened at or near Capital Metro bus stops.
Police say they also found a small amount of marijuana in the house.
Police say they also found drug paraphernalia with marijuana residue in another student's car.
Police say they also have other evidence in support of the charges.
Police say they are all black men.
Police say they are also searching for three more suspects.
Police say they are conducting a 'law-enforcement' operation with military assistance.
Police say they are contemplating more charges against five suspects.
Police say they are disorganized, imprudent and leave clues.
Police say they are following leads from the hearing and they still hope to solve the case.
Police say they are from the north.
Police say they are investigating signs of physical neglect and abuse.
Police say they are investigating the two incidents as hate crime.
Police say they are investigating what role race played in the killing.
Police say they are investigating.
Police say they are looking at suspects in the case.
Police say they are looking for a man and possibly a woman driver in connection with the incident.
Police say they are looking for a sex maniac.
Police say they are looking for the knife involved in the incident.
Police say they are looking for three more men in connection with the shooting.
Police say they are looking into incidents of male strangers approaching children.
Police say they are on their way.
Police say they are only enforcing the law.
Police say they are pouring all available resources into investigating the fire.
Police say they are questioning some of the documents in several of Boon's deals.
Police say they are reacting to the problem.
Police say they are still looking for a fourth suspect in the case.
Police say they are still looking for a motive in the shooting spree.
Police say they are still trying to figure out what happened.
Police say they are unharmed.
Police say they believe a gang of rival bat-dung collectors was behind the attack.
Police say they believe it marked a turning point in Jackson County's war on meth.
Police say they believe that two men who carried out the shooting have since been slain.
Police say they believe the goods are stolen.
Police say they believe the man's son.
Police say they believe the teen was familiar with the neighborhood.
Police say they concocted alibis and concealed evidence.
Police say they confessed immediately.
Police say they confessed involvement with satanism.
Police say they contained about three-quarters of a pound of pot.
Police say they did find evidence in the room linking the trio to a white hate group.
Police say they discovered false identity documents and weapons.
Police say they do have a possible motive.
Police say they expect to find more victims during the investigation.
Police say they expect to serve arrest warrants in a few weeks.
Police say they failed to establish their identity.
Police say they fired in self-defense.
Police say they found alcohol at the scene and consider it a factor in the accident.
Police say they found an automatic handgun, hollow-point bullets and marijuana in teacher's van.
Police say they found bomb-making equipment and illegal firearms in their homes.
Police say they found cocaine and Valium in the room.
Police say they found more fake checks in the stolen car.
Police say they found no signs of a struggle or break-in.
Police say they found other copies of the instructions in the man's car, along with a large diaper.
Police say they found rotting food in the kitchen and refrigerator.
Police say they found the man with a bag of stolen items going through the back of people's yards.
Police say they get a lot of complaints and are cracking down on speeders.
Police say they get little or no cooperation from witnesses and victims, who often fear retaliation.
Police say they had all arrived in the city recently from the north-east.
Police say they had everyone go through a metal detector before the rally started.
Police say they had no choice.
Police say they had the two sit down and iron out a deal.
Police say they have arrested four people in connection with the explosions.
Police say they have been unable to cut off the steady supply of drugs, mainly heroin, to the camp.
Police say they have detained a man.
Police say they have enough evidence to send the case to a grand jury.
Police say they have had no problems with the church.
Police say they have information the suspects had been traveling all over the country.
Police say they have little information about a possible suspect.
Police say they have no idea who was responsible for the attack.
Police say they have no leads.
Police say they have no substantial leads.
Police say they have nothing to go on.
Police say they have notified family members of all shooting victims.
Police say they have obtained more photos of the riot and anticipate making more arrests.
Police say they have security video of the suspects.
Police say they have some suspects and leads.
Police say they make every effort to retrieve wanted suspects but the effort can only go so far.
Police say they men appeared to be very nervous and changed their stories.
Police say they only received one complaint about the incident.
Police say they opened fire on a checkpoint.
Police say they quickly arrested the three attackers.
Police say they recovered plastic jugs of juice and vodka in the car the boy was in.
Police say they remain under suspicion.
Police say they sat the two down and had the pair work out deal.
Police say they saw several men on a deck and surrounded the area.
Police say they scuffled, one of the men went back inside the house and got a gun.
Police say they seize property as a powerful tool against drug dealers.
Police say they stole thousands of dollars worth of equipment.
Police say they suspect foul play.
Police say they suspect the motive for the murders was a welfare fraud.
Police say they sympathize with drivers who obey the speed limits.
Police say they think the gun was hidden at a nearby location and then moved again.
Police say they think they can link a string of driveway robberies in the past week to one man.
Police say they took all the evidence they needed the night of the shooting.
Police say they want to interview two men in connection with the blaze.
Police say they'll continue to use video from the riot to identify more suspects.
Police say they'll continued to watch the businesses to see who is going in and out.
Police say they're especially alarmed at the increasing rate of residential break-ins.
Police say they're fighting a vicious insurgency backed by India's nuclear neighbor, Pakistan.
Police say they're just trying to protect skaters and the public as well.
Police say they're still searching for clues.
Police say they're waiting on a coroner's report before launching an investigation.
Police say thieves had stolen some retaining screws, causing the heavy fixture to topple.
Police say thieves use the stolen phones until they're deactivated.
Police say three of the four have been captured.
Police say time is crucial in trying to find missing children.
Police say time is running out for the safe return of a stolen World War II encoding machine.
Police say traffic is down to one lane on the highway, but is still moving smoothly.
Police say two men in dark ski masks entered the store.
Police say two men, one armed with a handgun, demanded drugs.
Police say two of the boys had knives.
Police say two people have died as a result of the flood.
Police say two women called police to report shots fired in an alley behind the building.
Police say warrants are pending for three more drug arrests.
Police say whoever fired the nearly fatal shots still remains a mystery.
Police say whoever wrote the letters also sent intricate cartoons to prominent people.
Police say youths who commit vandalism usually attribute their behavior to boredom.
Police say, the penalty, a misdemeanor, is minor.
Police says it recovered two passports after the raid.
Police scan everybody that enters the compound with metal detectors.
Police scout the roads closely for drunken drivers.
Police search the student's locker, find incriminating evidence, and arrest the student.
Police searches the aircraft for a bomb, but finds nothing.
Police secure the door.
Police seek a limping burglar with a hammer.
Police seek hitchhiker in theft.
Police seek more notes About Rs.
Police seek mugger armed with toaster.
Police seek out and raid secret worship services taking place in private homes.
Police seek public assistance to identify the suicide bomber.
Police seek suspect in multiple armed robberies of grocery stores in Northeast Philadelphia.
Police seem able enough to arrest football players who steal folding chairs.
Police seem bored.
Police seem in the dark.
Police seem pretty pleased with the changes.
Police seem to be protected by legislation.
Police seem to be targeting people they perceive to be leaders.
Police seem to have maintained some control of the area.
Police seize the vehicle's plates if registration is canceled.
Police sell out the trust implicit in their office by taking bribes from organized crime.
Police shake-up switches focus.
Police shoot at blacks proportionately more than at whites.
Police shoot into a crowd of student demonstrators killing one student.
Police shoot people.
Police show a remarkable linguistic creativity in naming their abuses.
Police simply let it happen.
Police sit glued to TVs in an underground bistro, watching the battle.
Police sketch of man wanted in rape, stabbing.
Police sketch of suspect.
Police smile to confession.
Police so act.
Police solve specific problems, whether a troublesome tavern or a rash of car thefts.
Police soon arrive at the victim's residence attempting to find the origin of the calls.
Police spend a great deal of time communicating and interrelating with a diversity of people.
Police spend more time filling out paper work in real life.
Police spend more time investigating other types of crime.
Police spend too much time and public money arresting marijuana growers.
Police stamp in and measure the levels of shame, jot a reading on lawlessness and trembling.
Police starts lobbing tear gas shells to the students.
Police stay where they are.
Police still crack heads open, and a great city burns.
Police still don t have a motive or a suspect.
Police still have no suspects in that case.
Police still have no suspects in the murder.
Police still have the power to write tickets but are often busy taking care of more serious matters.
Police still maintain a security zone around the conference until it finishes.
Police still practice arbitrary detention and torture.
Police stop and ticket most traffic-law offenders.
Police stop criminal or illegal activity.
Police stop listening.
Police stop minority motorists more often than they do whites.
Police stop soldier from driving out of control Stuttgart.
Police stops and checkpoints are common.
Police stress two things in crime prevention.
Police strictly enforce all traffic laws and institute random roadside breathalyzer tests.
Police strongly suspect that an amphetamine laboratory is located on Estonia's border with Latvia.
Police succeed in tracking down on terrorist groups.
Police suggest limiting the contents of purses while shopping.
Police suicides that occur on duty are often the result of rage at the police bureaucracy.
Police supervise the crowds and the Irish army is on hand to carry the casket.
Police support the mall site.
Police suppose a defect gas supply to be the cause of the explosion.
Police supposedly are the professional masters at dealing with it.
Police surmise that an alarm scared off the bandit.
Police surround action and prevent late arrivals from joining.
Police surround crowd and pick out medics, then remove all press.
Police surround gunman in house.
Police surround the protesters and make many arrests.
Police surround the venue and video tape proceedings.
Police suspect a business dispute rather than inter-ethnic conflict.
Police suspect a cereal killer.
Police suspect a connection between the two.
Police suspect a murder.
Police suspect a prostitution ring behind the kidnapping.
Police suspect a serial killer, and the media are hyping it up.
Police suspect a South African businessman with Indian connections of owning the laboratory.
Police suspect a Swede wrote the letters, but no one has been charged.
Police suspect another man was attacked in the same area a short time earlier.
Police suspect arson.
Police suspect drunken carrying.
Police suspect involvement by other gang members and are continuing their investigation.
Police suspect it was a front.
Police suspect it was looted from a tomb in the vicinity.
Police suspect local evolutionary-deprived citizens of the Kansas school system.
Police suspect 'monkey man' is alien or remote-controlled robot .
Police suspect most betting and match-fixing is under the control of Bombay's criminal underworld.
Police suspect Muslim terrorists killed a Christian couple and a Maronite nun last month.
Police suspect neighborhood teenagers in all cases.
Police suspect no foul play in the incident.
Police suspect one of the youths used the three-pound flashlight as a weapon.
Police suspect similar rackets in some of the adoption centers in Orissa.
Police suspect similar rackets in some of the adoption centres in Orissa.
Police suspect someone slipped some type of drug into their drinks.
Police suspect that a gang from North India is behind the incidents of robbery in the district.
Police suspect that a personal grudge was the motive for the shooting.
Police suspect that a well-organized group backed by yakuza is behind the case.
Police suspect that another homeless man has been murdered.
Police suspect that pushers are trying to lock in a new clientele among upwardly mobile young users.
Police suspect that robbery was a motive.
Police suspect that Rohypnol is being shipped throughout Georgia from out of Atlanta.
Police suspect that some of the members of the suicide squad had also been employed as goldsmiths.
Police suspect that that many bouncers are involved in the drugs trade.
Police suspect that the boat was overloaded.
Police suspect that the drug ring had been operating for a year before it was discovered.
Police suspect that the motive was theft.
Police suspect that the murder was an act of revenge.
Police suspect that the victims are from the rural areas.
Police suspect that the word 'rice' is a coded message of the terrorists.
Police suspect that there is one more perpetrator.
Police suspect that whoever dumped the waste parked at a nearby vacant lot and drove down a road.
Police suspect the area has been used to sell and smuggle weapons into the West Bank.
Police suspect the fire was arson and are investigating.
Police suspect the incidents are related.
Police suspect the killer used a panga to murder the children.
Police suspect the LTTE of being behind the attack.
Police suspect the man died of natural causes.
Police suspect the motive was robbery.
Police suspect the pair died of carbon monoxide poisoning.
Police suspect the scam was run in past years as well.
Police suspect the shooting was gang-related.
Police suspect the shooting was related to gang or drug activity.
Police suspect the siding was stolen to be recycled.
Police suspect the smugglers plan to follow the usual route out of South Africa with their haul.
Police suspect the thieves either sell the drug in clubs or use it themselves.
Police suspect the totals of money taken in and people swindled are much higher.
Police suspect the woman was run over by a train.
Police suspect the young men had had words prior to the party, perhaps over drug-dealing territory.
Police suspect two suicide bombers carried out the attacks.
Police suspect ultra-leftist groups.
Police suspect yet more are still to be unearthed.
Police suspect, timber company's hand behind the transportation of timber wood.
Police sweep neighborhoods and block public roadways to search people and vehicles with dogs.
Police sweep neighborhoods and block public roadways to search people, sometimes with dogs.
Police sweep the area to enforce a second night's curfew.
Police sweep the streets with a more forceful approach.
Police sympathize with and only lecture some offenders.
Police take firm action against motorists who violate parking regulations.
Police take forever to arrive at crime scenes when telephoned.
Police take knife from pro-abort.
Police take notice.
Police takes action against forgers Berlin.
Police talk about a nexus between leaders of several political parties and the rebel outfits.
Police target teenage gang violence.
Police teach apartment managers how to stay safe.
Police tell club owners when they are in violation.
Police tell residents they're in the best position to rid the neighborhood of criminal street gangs.
Police tend to become highly cynical on the job.
Police tend to become lenient when the court and correctional systems are clogged.
Police tend to become much more bureaucratic when witnesses, an audience, or the media are present.
Police tend to become strict when the city needs revenue.
Police tend to call the victims transients.
Police tend to socialize with other police officers.
Police then fire into the crowd.
Police then pursue the case in state courts.
Police then review the photos and mail tickets to the car owners.
Police there are accustomed to handling large crowds.
Police think so.
Police think someone stabbed the boy during a fight.
Police think that phone theft is one of the main contributors to the recent rise in violent crime.
Police think the bird was trained to steal.
Police think the burglars consider churches easy pickings.
Police think the dissident group has an active unit in the area.
Police think the fire was deliberately lit .
Police think the fire was deliberately lit.
Police think the restaurant was being used to both market the drug and launder the proceeds.
Police think the shooting stemmed from an argument inside the bar.
Police think the tests are accurate enough.
Police think they fled in a car driven by another man.
Police thrive on snitches.
Police tighten grip on local media.
Police toe a shifting line when it comes to public safety versus individual rights.
Police trace the gun's registration as part of standard operating procedure.
Police track the most prolific graffiti vandals, commonly known as taggers.
Police treat everyone the same Pct.
Police treat it that way.
Police treat such actions as indicative of a demonstration or of disorderly behaviour.
Police treat the cases the same.
Police treat the skinheads and left-wing anarchists as the same kind of dangerous group.
Police try in vain to capture Rico.
Police try to identify body.
Police try to stop the giant to no avail.
Police turn out and are overwhelmed.
Police typically post notices several days in advance warning the men to clear out.
Police uncover possible rightwing plot to disrupt elections.
Police urge citizens to be extra aware of their surroundings while in retail shopping areas.
Police urge mobile phone owners to use some common sense.
Police urge residents to make sure they lock their homes, even when they are in the yard or nearby.
Police urge slower speed, more caution to decrease accidents.
Police use batons to harass sex workers.
Police use cameras.
Police use dogs to catch bad guys and to help search for things or people.
Police use dogs to track and capture escaped prisoners or to sniff for bombs.
Police use dogs.
Police use fine carbon powder which stick to the oily fingerprint.
Police use flairs for traffic control.
Police use flashing red and blue lights.
Police use force more often against their own racial or ethnic groups.
Police use gas and concussion bombs to disperse the crowd.
Police use gas to clear out demonstrators.
Police use gas to disperse demonstrators.
Police use good judgment.
Police use instant cameras to photograph victims' injuries.
Police use judgment.
Police use pepper spray to disperse demonstrators.
Police use radar to detect the speed of passing motorists.
Police use radar waves which are reflected from moving cars.
Police use radar, mobile speed cameras and in some areas, fixed speed cameras to check speeding.
Police use tear gas to break-up the demonstrations and there are hundreds of arrests.
Police use the findings of virginity exams to harass women.
Police use the fingerprints when trying to track down missing or abducted children.
Police use the mill's airstrip to practice for high-speed chases.
Police use the pistol because an officer can easily carry it and have it ready to use .
Police use the pistol because an officer can easily carry it and have it ready to use.
Police use the records to track the movements of criminals and crime victims.
Police use the videotaped interviews as evidence to charge suspects.
Police use various mechanisms to account for their involvement in deviant activities.
Police use women as bait to catch rapists.
Police uses watercanons and teargas but the protesters stay in control of the streets.
Police violently attack students.
Police wait for gang members to kill each other off before moving in.
Police walk by in the street, nightsticks thumping their thighs.
Police walk through the aftermath of the rioting.
Police warn against sending any money.
Police warn motorists that leaving keys in the ignition of unlocked cars is just asking for trouble.
Police warn residents to keep watch, leave lights on and lock doors.
Police warn that there is always risk in investing, especially investments with high returns.
Police warn use of firearms in such a situation brings with it an awesome responsibility.
Police watch Islamic militant activists.
Police wear very expensive uniforms and very heavy belts.
Police welcome four-legged recruit.
Police Welcome to the Law Enforcement section of our site.
Police Welcome to the North Slope.
Police wonder at suburb's silence on woman who hired killer.
Police work in Ontario is more than just chasing down bad guys.
Police work in partnership with neighborhoods to address problems and goals.
Police work values during organizational entry and assimilation.
Police work wasn t as dangerous as they thought it was.
Police work well with role-plays.
Police work with police.
Police work with tribal leaders to reduce crime in New Zealand.
Police work with university police.
Police work, after all, is a paramilitary profession.
Police work, by it's very nature, calls for an incredible amount of restraint.
Police Working with Police For many reasons, some specialization of work is necessary.
Police worry the suspect is becoming more dangerous.
Polices contain the rules for monitoring each task.
Police always blame the messenger for unfavorable coverage.
Police always break up unauthorized parties, black or white.
Police frequently gain information from neighbours or utilities suspicious of soaring power bills.
Police frequently stop vehicles in Abidjan, especially taxis.
Police often blame robberies on drugs.
Police often conduct raids on underground places of worship.
Police often conduct routine road checks where breath analyzers are administered.
Police often conduct routine road checks where breath-analyzer tests are administered.
Police often depend on acquaintances for helpful tips.
Police often empty their guns without ever stopping a criminal.
Police often engage in deviant acts as members of both formal and informal associations.
Police often find a problem in the home which explains the repeated violations.
Police often harass striking workers.
Police often ignore, privately endorse, or participate in the murders.
Police often regard resident involvement in the planning process as meddlesome.
Police often rely on tips to find the parties because most are hidden on rural, private farms.
Police often resolve disputes.
Police often seize money and property they believe is involved with illegal activity.
Police often stop cars to check papers and count the occupants.
Police often try to ask further questions or permission to search or otherwise prolong the stop.
Police often turn a blind eye to it.
Police often use fingerprints to catch criminals.
Police often use motive as a tool to develop a list of possible suspects.
Police sometimes raid parties and lay immorality charges.
Police usually arrest suspects more frequently in private settings than public ones.
Police usually hang out at the mouth to keep an eye on all the party-goers.
Police usually have one or two men on a shift.
Police usually inform suspects of the rights by reading from a wallet-sized card they carry.
Police usually omit to do crime scene investigations or ballistic tests.
Police usually pick on poor neighborhoods a lot more than they do on wealthy neighborhoods.
Police usually visit every couple of hours, but seem used to astronomers.
All police reports and files.
All police reports related to sexual violence are strictly confidential.
Any police reports in plaintiff's possession.
Many police are reluctant to intervene in domestic disputes.
Many police live in community and are members of family, friends etc.
More police are already available.
More police are hired, so the crime rate goes down.
More police are to be added.
More police arrive.
More police can lessen the chances.
More police definitely helps in New York.
Most police advise neighbors.
Most police arrest old men.
Most police determine crime.
Most police do examinations.
Most police have burglary cases.
Most police have cases.
Most police have communication skills.
Most police have contact.
Most police have houses.
Most police have obligation.
Most police have people.
Most police have power.
Most police have roles.
Most police have skills.
Most police have strong communication skills.
Most police hold conferences.
Most police hold press conferences.
Most police identify attackers.
Most police identify men.
Most police investigate causes.
Most police lack the skills required to deal with an intelligent, vindictive custodial mother.
Most police launch criminal investigations.
Most police maintain friends.
Most police make contact.
Most police make statements.
Most police provide answers.
Most police provide protection.
Most police receive calls.
Most police receive emergency calls.
Most police receive information.
Most police receive specific information.
Most police rely on principles.
Most police report preliminary results.
Most police think that, on balance, amateur online detectives do more harm than good.
Most police use cameras.
Most police use dogs.
Most police use good judgment.
Most police use judgment.
Some police add victims.
Some police are ignorant too.
Some police arrest old women.
Some police claim that wire inside the puppets is a potential weapon.
Some police come to homes.
Some police confirm american citizens.
Some police confirm boys.
Some police confirm citizens.
Some police confirm old boys.
Some police confirm old year boys.
Some police discover photos.
Some police find benches.
Some police find death.
Some police find homicide victims.
Some police find poodles.
Some police find victims.
Some police get calls.
Some police have proof.
Some police have scones.
Some police have tolerance.
Some police have trouble.
Some police identify boys.
Some police identify old boys.
Some police insist that drivers be able to produce a permit to pay a fine.
Some police investigate death.
Some police kill attackers.
Some police kill people.
Some police offers can rest a little easier now that their canine companions have bulletproof vests.
Some police pose as children on the internet, trying to trap such people.
Some police rely on effects.
Some police say better training can address the mistrust.
Some police take life.
Some police take men.
Some police take own life.
Some police take possessions.
Some police take sides.
Some police use gases.
Some police work outdoors in all kinds of weather.
Some police work with dogs.
A policeman is a lawman
Policeman directs traffic, res- cues cat caught in tree, finds lost child, arrests reckless driver.
Policeman isa defender.
Policeman isa guardian.
Policeman starts to search through the youth's pockets.
Policemans are bullies.
Policemans are capable of help.
Policemans are capable of slow traffic.
Policemans are located in crime scenes.
Policemans are located in freeways.
Policemans are located in front doors.
Policemans are located in police stations.
Policemans are located in roadblock.
Policemans are located in streets.
Policemans are men.
Policemans are police officers.
Policemen appear, stern faced, and drag one man out.
Policemen are a pain in the ass.
Policemen are always sarcastic, feisty, usually ugly.
Policemen are cocky and arrogant.
Policemen are now suddenly courteous.
Policemen are our friends.
Policemen are the modern successors to kings in the matter of divine right.
Policemen arrive at scenes.
Policemen deliver lectures, babies and bad news.
Policemen deliver lectures, babies, and bad news.
Policemen discuss openly six week tours of duty at the front lines, two to three months at a time.
Policemen go through a lot of experiences.
Policemen guard our communities.
Policemen have (part) arms.
Policemen have (part) body substances.
Policemen have (part) cell membranes.
Policemen have (part) cells.
Policemen have (part) corpi.
Policemen have (part) cytoplasm.
Policemen have (part) heads.
Policemen have (part) human bodies.
Policemen have (part) legs.
Policemen have (part) material bodies.
Policemen have (part) necks.
Policemen have (part) nuclei.
Policemen have (part) personality.
Policemen have (part) plasma membranes.
Policemen have (part) sections.
Policemen have (part) vacuoles.
Policemen have hearts.
Policemen help to keep our cities safe.
Policemen keep peace in our schools.
Policemen know thieves.
Policemen pay from now on the great attention to preventatively-educational activities.
Policemen raise a lot of kids, mostly they belong to other people.
Policemen ride scooters in Berlin .
Policemen see more misery, bloodshed, trouble and sunrises that the aveage person.
Policemen see more misery, bloodshed, trouble, and sunrises than the average person.
Policemen stand in front of the house in which several families live - securing it.
Policemen still look the other way about certain people's tendency to tie one on now and then.
Policemen stop blacks.
Policemen tend to have an odd sense of humor.
Policemen use off-road and unmarked vehicles in their work.
Policemen wear smog masks here.
Policemen work around the clock, split shifts.
Policemen always shoot first and say freeze afterwards.
Policemen often carry batons , which can be used as weapons .
Policemen often carry batons, which can be used as weapons.
All policemen speak good English.
Any policeman is able to kill people with a machine gun.
Many policemen appear to share that perception.
Many policemen continue to prefer having their cases heard at civil service.
Most policemen arrive at scenes.
Most policemen know thieves.
Most policemen step over homeless people.
Some policemen arrive at the scene and try shooting the ghost, but it is unaffected.
Some policemen help people.
Some policemen make applications.
Some policemen shoot teenagers.
Policemen'.This book is available at the museum.
A policewoman is a policeman
Policewoman isa cop.
Policewoman isa policeman.
Policewoman poses as a stripper to catch a killer.
Policewomen have (part) arms.
Policewomen have (part) body substances.
Policewomen have (part) cell membranes.
Policewomen have (part) cells.
Policewomen have (part) corpi.
Policewomen have (part) cytoplasm.
Policewomen have (part) heads.
Policewomen have (part) human bodies.
Policewomen have (part) legs.
Policewomen have (part) material bodies.
Policewomen have (part) necks.
Policewomen have (part) nuclei.
Policewomen have (part) personality.
Policewomen have (part) plasma membranes.
Policewomen have (part) sections.
Policewomen have (part) vacuoles.
Policewomen have cases.
Policewomen help communities.
Policewomen always wear figure 'hugging' uniforms.
Most policewomen have cases.
Most policewomen help communities.
Some policewomen die from tuberculosis.
Some policewomen know limitations.
Policies Papers are due at the beginning of class.
Policy analyses consider the perspectives of various stakeholders in infrastructure development.
Policy analysis assesses the potential advantages and disadvantages of one or more policy proposals.
Policy analysis examines how policies are proposed, adopted, implemented, and evaluated.
Policy analysis exists in a multi-dimensional Euclidian political space.
Policy analysis focuses on case studies integrating biology, economics, politics, and social issues.
Policy analysis is a key part of our work.
Policy analysis is a phrase that applies to some forms of institutional research.
Policy analysis is a systematic inquiry into the nature of public problems and their solutions.
Policy analysis is discussed within the areas of both behavioral disorders and early intervention.
Policy analysis is essentially a conceptual and theoretical activity.
Policy analysis is systematic, structured thinking about policy problems.
Policy analysis is the science and the art of giving advice that affects public policy decisions.
Policy analysis necessitates problem solving skills and conscious commitment to change.
Policy analysis provides a framework to understand various competing positions on an issue.
Policy analysis requires clearly identifying the problem to be resolved.
Policy analysts are at odds over the utility of a dialogue with Islamic movements.
Policy cycles generate many kinds of feedback loops, perhaps most significantly, a backlash effect.
Policy debate has a single, annual resolution.
Policy debate is a grueling activity, but one with many rewards.
Policy debate is a highly information-based activity.
Policy debate is an analytical form that requires advanced research.
Policy debate is more complex and research oriented .
Policy debates are the most complex.
Policy debates focus on issues.
Policy debates focus on scientific issues.
Most policy debates focus on issues.
Most policy debates focus on scientific issues.
Policy debaters argue a national topic that remains the same for the entire competitive season.
Policy debaters rely heavily upon facts.
Policy development includes consideration of political, organizational and community values.
Policy development involves shaping positions on key health issues by the government.
Policy development is a bit more problematic.
Policy development is a continuing process.
Policy development is a messy process.
Policy development is inherently creative, messy, and chaotic.
Policy development is much more complicated and involved than a resolution.
Policy development is the chief occupation of the board.
Policy development is the fourth area of national effort.
Policy governance seems to be a dead issue.
Policy holders are eligible to take loans on their policies subject to certain rules.
Policy holders are subject to assessments for payments of losses and expenses.
Policy holders can also take out protection for immediate family members.
Policy holders have the freedom to choose their own repairer.
Policy holders submit claims over the Internet.
Policy innovation is complex and uncertain.
Policy issues are important components of evaluation.
Policy issues are more and more complex in nature.
Policy issues come largely from the potential security and stability issues mentioned above.
Policy issues range from student loans to curricular guidelines.
Policy issues related to health on campus are also part of the survey.
Policy issues require attention for all four operational concepts.
Policy issues require attention.
Many policy issues are fraught with partisan opinions and platforms that require scrutiny.
Many policy issues are quite complex, with far-reaching technical or scientific implications.
Most policy issues involve tradeoffs.
Policy iteration is guaranteed to converge to the optimal agent policy for single-agent MDPs.
Policy learning demands a focus on results and outcomes.
A policy maker is an adult
Policy makers are extremely worried.
Policy makers are hesitant to support such activities until costs can be reduced dramatically.
Policy makers are impatient.
Policy makers are in a similar situation on the issue of guns.
Policy makers are less inclined to do what's necessary to fight drugs.
Policy makers are reluctant to assume responsibility, preferring instead to fall back on consensus.
Policy makers are very out of touch with needs of doctors and patients.
Policy makers can choose one of two routes leading to higher energy prices.
Policy makers can customize outsourcing to meet specific needs and specific goals.
Policy makers care about rates of health insurance coverage for at least two reasons.
Policy makers cling to the notion of means tests.
Policy makers do initiate, consider, enact, and enforce courses of action.
Policy makers face a number of choices in deciding how best to approach the problem.
Policy makers face decisions about protecting the public against infectious diseases.
Policy makers give too little attention to environmental change.
Policy makers have a desire to intervene in order to limit the amount of emissions.
Policy makers have a difficult job to do.
Policy makers have a duty to be vigilant.
Policy makers have only two ways of finding funds to invest in higher education.
Policy makers have to consider many factors when determining farm policy.
Policy makers have to embrace the notion that local problems are best handled at local levels.
Policy makers have to realize that time is of the essence in business.
Policy makers have to recognize the long time scale inherent in climate change.
Policy makers pay more attention to issues that make the news.
Policy makers rely on sound research to inform their decisions.
Policy makers require accurate and useful information about the potential impact of decisions.
Policy makers say a new approach is needed.
Policy makers see the exemption as competition for other types of tax relief.
Policy makers seem to be less interested.
Policy makers understand that education is a long-term investment with tremendous benefits.
Policy makers use scenarios to weigh the possible consequences of their actions.
Every policy maker sees the future of nations as shaped by achievement in science and technology.
Many policy makers see compassion as a liability.
Most policy makers favour using environmental taxation to reduce taxes on labour.
Most policy makers see literacy as a yes or no question.
Most policy makers understand that competition in the market place is a good thing.
Some policy makers acknowledge choices.
Some policy makers argue that animals have rights.
Some policy makers argue that the best strategy is to isolate North Korea and wait for it to fall.
Policy making is dominated by 'business boards' and presidents who moonlight as Corporate directors.
Policy making is like a long game of chess against possibly more than one opponent.
Policy making is vastly more complex than before, and therefore much slower.
Policy making is vested with the board of directors.
Policy making is, at best, a most uncertain science.
Policy making looks at different issue areas.
Policy monitoring is the measuring and recording of the operation of a policy's implementation.
Policy networks capture the interplay betwen various actors and institutions.
Policy papers cover a broad range of issues related to funding or education.
Policy planning is more complicated now.
Policy planning is the primary area of emphasis in the program.
Policy review dominates the air force.
Policy studies review.
Policy uncertainty adds risk for investors.
Policy wonks are committed to their issues.
Policy wonks call, seeing the experts as having no ax to grind.
Policy wonks plans aren t used.
Policies act as watchdogs constantly searching for abnormal behavior in the system.
Policies add strength to the position of staff when possible legal actions arise.
Policies address the true needs of the members.
Policies addressing one can only be effective if they address all three spheres at the same time.
Policies addressing profit repatriation can be problematic.
Policies adopted by Asia affect the United States and Europe, and so on.
Policies affect the lives of women, men and children.
Policies aimed at reducing the risk exposure of young drivers are likely to be effective.
Policies already exist to deal with specific differences between faculty and students.
Policies also are important tools in the decision-making process.
Policies also direct teacher development, replacement, discipline, socializing, and ministry.
Policies also establish incident-handling procedures.
Policies also promote the role of women in all spheres of development.
Policies also reflect the conviction that Australia has the right to decide who enters Australia.
Policies also tend to be poorly implemented.
Policies also vary as to when an incidental absence becomes a short term disability .
Policies also vary in relation to damaged property.
Policies also vary with each activity due to different vendor services.
Policies appear on blue pages followed by related procedures on white pages.
Policies appear to have been made without faculty, staff and student input.
Policies apply to the internal management of the agency.
Policies apply to weddings and commercial photography .
Policies are a government, company, or other organization's decision on how to deal with an issue.
Policies are a necesssary part of a successful telecommuting arrangement.
Policies are a statement of the organization is trying to achieve.
Policies are also available for dependents.
Policies are also available for non-residential structures.
Policies are also available to protect the lender's interests.
Policies are among the principal barriers to human induced environmental change.
Policies are another matter.
Policies are aplenty, but implementation and co-ordination have been deficient.
Policies are as follows.
Policies are available for blue and white collar workers.
Policies are available for employer groups of three or more employees.
Policies are available for specific libraries.
Policies are available in all states except Alabama and New York.
Policies are available in all U.S. states except Alaska, Hawaii, and Oklahoma.
Policies are available in North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia.
Policies are available on a brokerage basis in all states.
Policies are available on either an occurrence or a claims made basis.
Policies are available on the web.
Policies are available to college students at reasonable rates.
Policies are available with or without deductibles.
Policies are available.
Policies are binding.
Policies are broad principles underlying the state's information security program.
Policies are broadly stated guidelines for actions and decisions which support library operations.
Policies are completely customizable.
Policies are complex .
Policies are complex, local and dynamic.
Policies are constraints, constraints breed patterns.
Policies are directives of conduct.
Policies are even more generous in the former Soviet bloc.
Policies are expensive.
Policies are extremely important.
Policies are flexible and are governed by the various policies of the college, schools, etc.
Policies are forthcoming.
Policies are frequently endogenous responses to circumstances.
Policies are general statements of mandated or authorized courses of action.
Policies are generally consistent with maintaining low inflation in the other countries.
Policies are generally looser on international flights.
Policies are important because they help ensure an atmosphere of fairness.
Policies are important.
Policies are in effect for one year, with an option to apply for renewal when the year is up.
Policies are in legislative actions, court decisions, daily practices.
Policies are in place and continue to be refined to expedite transfer and articulation.
Policies are in place and enforced.
Policies are in place for the legitimate use of campus-wide mailing lists.
Policies are in place that actually bribe women to have children.
Policies are in place that provide for continuity and change of board membership.
Policies are in place to bring the fiscal deficit down steadily and to keep inflation in check.
Policies are in place to ensure that schools and school personnel respect diversity.
Policies are in place to improve the energy efficiency of the transport sector.
Policies are inconsistent across states and even within states.
Policies are irrelevant.
Policies are likely to change from place to place or time to time.
Policies are long and couched in language both colourful and obscure.
Policies are meaningless to someone in an emotional state.
Policies are more beneficial when they are oriented toward high achievement for all students.
Policies are more detailed, but they are also easier to change than the bylaws.
Policies are more lenient and less restrictive than ever before.
Policies are necessary to enable more local needs to be met by local work using local resources.
Policies are now redeemable from anywhere in the world, on or off the job.
Policies are often in conflict due to the inconsistencies within the adjustment model.
Policies are often more restrictive out of self-preservation.
Policies are often unwritten or established practices.
Policies are ok, the law needs improvement.
Policies are only as good as their enforcement.
Policies are only of limited value in the absence of a positive human relations climate.
Policies are out there, but they are rare, untested and expensive.
Policies are principles adopted by a board to chart a course of action.
Policies are principles adopted by the school board to chart a course of action.
Policies are public, so are pardons and foreign policies.
Policies are quite similar to human coverage and many terms and conditions apply to coverage.
Policies are related to services.
Policies are rules that dictate priority, quality of service and access for network traffic.
Policies are statements of common behavioral expectations.
Policies are statements of intent that applies to actions being taken.
Policies are statements of key expectations.
Policies are statements of principle which the board adopts to outline a course of action.
Policies are subject to change as mandated by law.
Policies are subject to change as needed.
Policies are subject to change from year to year.
Policies are subject to change through normal procedures.
Policies are subject to change with or without notice.
Policies are subject to change without notice.
Policies are subject to change, please check the revised date below for the last policy revision.
Policies are subject to change.
Policies are subject to revision at institutional discretion.
Policies are subject to subsequent change without notice.
Policies are subject to updating.
Policies are susceptible to radical quadrennial swings.
Policies are the guidelines for action.
Policies are the guides to the achievement of the goals.
Policies are the most important thing.
Policies are the prudent guiding principles of an organization.
Policies are the rules of preference that are assigned either to applications or users on a network.
Policies are the what and why.
Policies are to be put into place to encourage and guide appropriate future development.
Policies are to be reviewed regularly and updated where required.
Policies are typically another filter that one passes through the existing topology information.
Policies are typically clear.
Policies are unclear.
Policies are under continuous review and are subject to change without notice.
Policies are unsustainable unless they can be effectively carried by the media.
Policies are usually well defined, but their implementation has been limited.
Policies are valid for the period given on the title page.
Policies are vital tools in carrying out the board's planning and evaluation decisions.
Policies are ways to choose which activities to perform.
Policies are well developed and often rigid during equilibrium.
Policies are worth a lot of research and thought because they are the key to profitability.
Policies assuring privacy serve no function without a commitment to enforcement.
Policies based on rosy scenarios are bad for the country, if implemented.
Policies Be sure to view our policies page for all disclaimer information.
Policies become more expensive the closer they are bought to show dates.
Policies benefit from being exposed to differing viewpoints.
Policies Bring bottled water to class, staying hydrated helps.
Policies can also help to meaningfully reduce liability.
Policies can also include unwritten forms including customs, usage, and practice.
Policies can be a source of pride and satisfaction for managers of volunteers in a well-run program.
Policies can be complex.
Policies can be difficult to understand and often vary widely in benefits, features and price.
Policies can be flexible, diverse, and adapted to a particular service and clientele.
Policies can be judgmental, restrictive, discouraging, or prohibiting.
Policies can be purchase to insure a single life or two lives.
Policies can be setup for individuals, groups, and also computers.
Policies can change dramatically during social system cycles.
Policies can change without notice.
Policies can change, as well as, fees.
Policies can change.
Policies can cover either the prosecution or defense of patent infringement actions.
Policies can cover single or repetitive export sales and leases.
Policies can give officers valuable guidance in the performance of their duties.
Policies can recognize that some data flows vary in amount and importance at different times.
Policies can vary greatly.
Policies can vary in length depending on the needs of the organization.
Policies can vary significantly, depending on the coverage they provide.
Policies can vary widely from college to college.
Policies can vary with the particular computer hosting the web pages.
Policies change because parties have to be pragmatic and realistic.
Policies change from disaster to disaster.
Policies change from election to election and even between elections.
Policies clarify responsibilities and define lines of communication and accountability.
Policies come in three forms user, group or computer.
Policies concerning the transfer of credits are available in the college catalog.
Policies concerning the use of meters and rate structure are also important.
Policies contain annuity options which contain guaranteed payment rates and tax benefits.
Policies containing the absolute pollution exclusion present the most difficult case for recovery.
Policies continue to be developed and modified to enhance the administration of the program.
Policies control such features as certificate extensions and expiration dates by group.
Policies control the user environment of legitimate users.
Policies cover all aviation activities.
Policies cover both principal and interest.
Policies cover replacement cost, including licenses, travel and guides' fees.
Policies cover the expectations of each facet of the organization.
Policies covering prosecution costs typically pay all prosecution costs.
Policies deal as much with awards and rewards as with requirements or constraints.
Policies define desired behavior between two or more objects.
Policies define rules for generation, validation, and adjudication of disputes.
Policies deny access.
Policies describe how the user wishes to be informed of the alert.
Policies designed for renters are very affordable and a good idea for any student.
Policies determine what people can do with their education.
Policies determine which data is directed to local cache servers or remote, non-cached servers.
Policies differ among insurance companies.
Policies differ for group reservations.
Policies differ for the Doctor of Divinity degree .
Policies differ from company to company and sometimes during certain times of the year.
Policies differ from one company to another.
Policies differ greatly - so shop around and read the fine print.
Policies differ heavily among the six.
Policies differ in how the inflation adjustment is calculated.
Policies differ in several critical areas.
Policies differ quite a bit in their terms, costs and mutual fund options.
Policies differ regarding reservations, deposits and cancellations as well as children and pets.
Policies do change based on our experience.
Policies do even more for an organization.
Policies do shift.
Policies do vary by state.
Policies do vary from one company to another.
Policies do, however, vary according to each cruise line.
Policies embraced by other centre-left parties in Europe remain taboo.
Policies encourage fair and equitable treatment of individual senior managers.
Policies encourage farmers to drain wetlands and to cultivate marginal lands.
Policies encourage more jobs being created around transit way stations.
Policies encouraging forest clearing, including subsidies and tax breaks, aggravate the problem.
Policies encouraging safe gun design can prevent firearm injuries.
Policies ensure a consistent appearance and tone throughout the journal.
Policies ensure continuity over time and from staff to staff.
Policies ensure that teachers and administrators respect diversity.
Policies Establish refund policy.
Policies establish values, beliefs and directions for volunteer involvement.
Policies evolve as one or another option becomes viable.
Policies evolve over time.
Policies evolve to suit the majority.
Policies expiring in five years are already there.
Policies express the community's response to the objectives.
Policies Find out about all the admin.
Policies Follow the links below to view the policies and request forms.
Policies Found Please enter a search phrase above.
Policies Found Please enter a search term above.
Policies generally pay nursing home benefits for a minimum of one year.
Policies generate both intended and unintended consequences.
Policies get out-dated.
Policies govern the information flow.
Policies governing eligibility for programs can change.
Policies governing information disclosure, involuntary resettlement and forests are under review.
Policies governing such transfers vary from agency to agency and by type of project.
Policies governing the use of external networks are also applicable and require compliance by users.
Policies governing warning, probation, and dismissal are subject to change.
Policies have a cash value that can be used for emergencies.
Policies have a powerful impact on people living in poor countries.
Policies have a strong influence on all causes.
Policies have benefit periods that range from two years to an unlimited time period.
Policies have long range purposes.
Policies have packet and byte counters, for completeness.
Policies have passwords that are never transmitted in clear text.
Policies have to address a wide range of issues.
Policies have to be adapted to suit changing circumstances.
Policies have to be detailed, programmes specified, and activities stipulated.
Policies have to be developed and responsibilities to be assigned.
Policies have to be founded on the experience of the members together with their Southern partners.
Policies have to be harmonized to a great degree.
Policies have to be measured against principles.
Policies have to be specified means HTML forms.
Policies have to, therefore, take into consideration pulls and pressures from various quarters.
Policies help establish incident handling procedures.
Policies help guard the safety of human research subjects and protect scientific integrity.
Policies help to assure continuity, stability, and consistency in the oversight of the school.
Policies help with user training, product selection, systems integration, and management support.
Policies here vary from sector to sector.
Policies Identify the following.
Policies impact consumers, their lifestyle, and social work practice.
Policies Includes library policies on Internet access, gifts, and collection maintenance.
Policies involving issues of conflict of interest are a careful set of well-defined guidelines.
Policies issued in Florida are still subject to other provisions of the Insurance Code.
Policies issued in Florida remain subject to the provisions of the Insurance Code.
Policies Listed below are policies that are specific to language lecturer appointments.
Policies make registry changes.
Policies normally provide assistance in the form of a fixed lump or annual sum.
Policies Now makes it easy.
Policies offer a range of choices in ten-dollar increments.
Policies offer little help with complex decisions about rights transfer or licensing.
Policies offered by trade and professional groups tend to have lower rates than individual coverage.
Policies offering the same benefits can vary greatly in price.
Policies only cover what is in the fine print.
Policies outline the social context and research findings around a specific topic.
Policies pay benefits in different ways.
Policies pertaining to endangered species are sometimes difficult to follow.
Policies pertaining to unpaid term bills apply.
Policies play a significant role in the effectiveness of strategic planning.
Policies play an important part in any organizational structure.
Policies posted by and specific to each school's computer use also apply.
Policies promote and guide interagency information sharing.
Policies promoting free trade, however, remain unquestioned.
Policies promoting marriage, however, too often cause harm to unmarried relationships and famlies.
Policies provide a framework which forms the basis for attaining of key management objectives.
Policies provide a necessary infrastructure that establishes target goals and criteria for success.
Policies provide a structure for sound management.
Policies provide an employee the right to utilize the formal process.
Policies provide coverage on either a reimbursement of cost basis, or flat rate per day basis.
Policies purchased by an individual are usually more expensive than group insurance policies.
Policies range in price depending on the benefit coverage.
Policies range widely in costs and coverage .
Policies reflect and communicate the values and human perspectives of the system.
Policies reflect state requirements and local program goals.
Policies reflect the political systems from which they originate.
Policies regarding age at entry vary between establishments.
Policies regarding cancellation apply to reservations made using gift certificates.
Policies regarding course work, homework and ability level grouping are extremely effective.
Policies regarding customs tend to vary widely throughout the world.
Policies regarding deposits and cancellation apply to reservations made using gift certificates.
Policies regarding events scheduled outside of the regular hours follow.
Policies regarding involuntary commitment are different in every state.
Policies regarding late assignments are at the discretion of the course professor.
Policies regarding limits on fax charges vary among the schools.
Policies regarding mailing expenses vary among the schools.
Policies regarding minimum nights' stay vary with individual innkeepers.
Policies regarding pets vary.
Policies regarding postponed events vary by venue.
Policies regarding sharing of donor eggs vary from clinic to clinic.
Policies regarding student attendance vary widely from instructor to instructor.
Policies regarding the equipment described here do apply.
Policies regarding the father's time with mother and baby also differ.
Policies regarding the user mini-tutorials page are subject to change without notice.
Policies regulating foster care maintenance payments also vary between and within states.
Policies related to staff access to private member data are in place.
Policies relating to the terms and conditions of service have a measurable impact on morale.
Policies represent the last issue.
Policies require that data be part of any decision making or improvement effort.
Policies ring hollow without enforcement .
Policies ring hollow without enforcement.
Policies rule over profiles.
Policies shaping public and private investments are at the heart of the problems.
Policies Sign in at the front desk upon arrival.
Policies sound a lot alike.
Policies state how a neighborhood gets to where it wants to go.
Policies Suggest our site.
Policies take precedence over profiles.
Policies tell people what to do.
Policies tend to favor non-sustainable forms of development that degrade natural resources.
Policies tend to provide cover for unforeseeable legal events.
Policies There are no refunds.
Policies Try to avoid sending messages with large attachments inside to the list.
Policies Use the policies page to find out about payment terms, guarantees and return information.
Policies vary - so be sure to ask.
Policies vary according to firm size.
Policies vary according to hospital and agency.
Policies vary across the state.
Policies vary among companies and stores.
Policies vary among companies in terms of how they view educational benefits.
Policies vary among individual hospitals and doctors.
Policies vary among insurance companies and other third-party payers.
Policies vary among municipalities, however, regarding police response and private property.
Policies vary among PC companies on tutorial versus problem support.
Policies vary among universities.
Policies vary as to specifics, but most are similar.
Policies vary by cable company.
Policies vary by diocese.
Policies vary by provider and by journal.
Policies vary by publisher and by journal.
Policies vary by regional governing body but are often shaped to follow state law.
Policies vary by state and crop.
Policies vary campus to campus .
Policies vary considerably in terms of costs, benefits, application hurdles and many other factors.
Policies vary enormously between insurers.
Policies vary for monthly rentals.
Policies vary from agency to agency.
Policies vary from campus to campus.
Policies vary from class to class.
Policies vary from college to college.
Policies vary from company to company and rates vary depending on the time of year.
Policies vary from company to company and sometimes during certain times of the year.
Policies vary from company to company and sometimes during certian times of the year.
Policies vary from company to company.
Policies vary from farm to farm, but usually there's no great trick to getting in.
Policies vary from group to group.
Policies vary from home to home, but social hours provide a time of resident interaction.
Policies vary from institution to institution.
Policies vary from one company to another.
Policies vary from park to park so it is best to phone and get the current information.
Policies vary from publisher to publisher.
Policies vary from school to school.
Policies vary from service to service.
Policies vary greatly from one airline to another.
Policies vary greatly.
Policies vary in coverage, deductibles and actual value covered.
Policies vary in kinds and numbers of deductibles for damage per incident.
Policies vary in length and amount of payments, and in the definition of disability.
Policies vary in the terms of coverage.
Policies vary in the types of treatment they cover.
Policies vary in their organizational and political demands.
Policies vary regarding exceptions for special needs.
Policies vary regarding length of placement and stipend.
Policies vary regarding notice to health plan members affected by changes in the formulary.
Policies vary widely across the different domains.
Policies vary widely by retailer and location.
Policies vary widely from one long-term care insurance carrier to another.
Policies vary widely in coverage and cost.
Policies vary widely in terms of what they offer, and what they cost.
Policies vary widely.
Policies vary with each title company.
Policies vary with the colleges.
Policies vary, however.
Policies Welcome to our site.
Policy achieves development.
Policy affects distribution.
Policy aims at stability.
Policy allow employees to review and update their own information at their convenience.
Policy also acknowledges legal requirements, and other parties' intellectual property rights.
Policy also can affect inflation directly through people's expectations about future inflation.
Policy also designates smoking areas at the Offices.
Policy also has a role to play in technological development.
Policy also provides more tags to be issued so names can be visible on outerwear.
Policy answers the questions of what, why, how much, and, sometimes, how well.
Policy appears in the current issue of the Student Handbook .
Policy appears to be driven by the weight of opinion of MPs and companies.
Policy applies to all part-time instructors.
Policy applies to cancellation for registration and social events.
Policy applies to information.
Policy applies to mail order purchases only.
Policy applies to versions.
Policy based guarantees are applicable only for sovereign borrowings.
Policy based management is currently a hot topic with vendors who develop management tools.
Policy based on beliefs are as easily right as they are wrong.
Policy Be polite.
Policy becomes fully paid-up with a single premium.
Policy calls for a certain level of leniency in protecting the rights of contractors.
Policy calls for a manager to review larger bills offered.
Policy calls for immediate sale of securities transferred as gifts.
Policy can be on an occurrence form.
Policy can be the difficult part because any effort to change quickly becomes a political issue.
Policy can be very useful as well.
Policy can become dangerous when it is based simply on stereotypes and preconceptions.
Policy can have huge effect.
Policy can sometimes be a difficult area to define.
Policy changes behavior.
Policy changes conditions.
Policy changes economic conditions.
Policy changes everything, yet policy change is almost impossible to predict.
Policy changes social behavior.
Policy changes that enhance communities' ability to manage and benefit from local natural resources.
Policy concerning obtaining blood in rats and mice by orbital bleeding is covered separately.
Policy concerning the requirement to take student attendance is unclear.
Policy continues of passing selected withdrawn vehicles and other material into the collection.
Policy continues to depreciate the person by also devaluing the ability to participate in community.
Policy contributes to crises.
Policy contributes to disasters.
Policy contributes to economic disasters.
Policy costs less than other types of insurance, but provides equal protection.
Policy covers both physician and hospitalization expenses.
Policy covers large and small-scale, exploratory, and observational studies.
Policy creates impressions.
Policy creates problems for athletes and students .
Policy creates the conditions, but real growth has to come from entrepreneurial activities.
Policy dealing with class attendance is determined by each individual faculty member.
Policy debates .
Policy debates about gambling always focus on the fact that it's exploiting people's monetary needs.
Policy debates concerning populations that are aging or disabled.
Policy debates over environmental regulations are fierce and protracted.
Policy defines concrete, measurable targets for reform.
Policy depends on the type of event.
Policy derives from quality assurance activities.
Policy describes procedures.
Policy determines the parameters and ground rules for making decisions.
Policy developments Canadian and International policy developments.
Policy dictates new documentation of performance is required before each promotion consideration.
Policy dictates practice.
Policy dictates that media equipment be checked out only for educational purposes and projects.
Policy dictates that passwords be transmitted in a secure manner.
Policy dictates the authorized actions that an authenticated principal can take.
Policy does permit some flexibility in scheduling of holidays.
Policy drifts because three issues await resolution.
Policy encourages development.
Policy exists to address acceptable use of directory information and pictures.
Policy facilitates commerce.
Policy fails to guarantee transportation assistance for assessment and treatment.
Policy favors permitting amendment.
Policy favors the granting of amendments.
Policy features an accelerated benefit payment for terminal illness.
Policy features Insures two lives.
Policy follows attitude.
Policy forbids the release of data for a sample containing the scores of fewer than ten candidates.
Policy generates growth.
Policy guides decision-makers in setting priorities and allocating resources.
Policy guides off whatever rush though guard canopy tents.
Policy has a broad discovery provision.
Policy has adverse effects.
Policy has deep roots.
Policy has effects.
Policy has five children.
Policy has impact.
Policy has roles.
Policy has roots.
Policy has the power to help most companies become more productive and profitable.
Policy helps protect the privacy of financial aid records.
Policy here is somewhat inconsistent.
Policy imposed by any other authority is nothing short of tyranny.
Policy improves health.
Policy improves life.
Policy improves productivity.
Policy includes activities.
Policy includes answers.
Policy includes coverage for members, volunteers and employees of the club.
Policy includes health policy, and nursing research and policy.
Policy includes procedures.
Policy involves both process and product.
Policy is a broad set of guidelines, guiding government and stakeholders in their actions.
Policy is a consensus issue.
Policy is a course designed to assess the student's cognitive skills in solving business problems.
Policy is a course of action adopted or approved by a governing body.
Policy is a form of gambling similar to today s state lotteries.
Policy is a general statement designed to guide employees' actions in recurring situations.
Policy is a governing principle of management.
Policy is a little trickier.
Policy is a plan of action
Policy is a process as well as a product.
Policy is a set of general rules for handling traffic.
Policy is a set of rules and regulations which decision-makers establish to achieve a stated goal.
Policy is a social activity and societies value more than cost efficiency.
Policy is a statement of business rules.
Policy is a statement of intent, it provides a vision and stipulates what one wants to achieve.
Policy is a written statement.
Policy is about making it clear.
Policy is all important.
Policy is an important page that spells out our cancellation policy, hours of operations, etc.
Policy is and how it works.
Policy is another question.
Policy is applicable to activities involving live vertebrate animals.
Policy is applied without equality.
Policy is argumentation.
Policy is available in all states except Massachusetts.
Policy is beneficial only to the generic sector.
Policy is boring.
Policy is broad and has differences from work group to work group.
Policy is clothing optional.
Policy is conceived here in very broad terms as the entire external institutional environment.
Policy is considered at the local, state, national, and international levels.
Policy is contracts.
Policy is created only after the final vote is taken by the entire delegation.
Policy is decided at both a Site and an Overall level.
Policy is decided by that office.
Policy is decided from above and imposed on the various branches.
Policy is decided, and officers are elected, at an annual meeting.
Policy is defined as a basic plan of action.
Policy is defined as a plan or course of action designed to direct implementation decisions.
Policy is defined as what the executive decides from month to month.
Policy is defined to emphasize strategic decisions for the health sector.
Policy is designed by, and for, multinational megacorporations, 'incredible private tyrannies.
Policy is determined by a members board, and asset allocation drives the rate of return.
Policy is determined by pollsters, pundits, and policy wonks.
Policy is determined by the membership.
Policy is developed and overseen by five strategy groups.
Policy is developed by market researchers.
Policy is divided into four components for reporting purposes.
Policy is documents.
Policy is entangled in litigation.
Policy is essentially a matter of allocating resources in terms of business decisions.
Policy is established at different levels .
Policy is established by a nine-member board comprising nine borough residents elected at large.
Policy is expressed in the export clauses which pertain to each protocol.
Policy is for discussion of disability policy in Washington State.
Policy is formulated through various steps in the decision making process.
Policy is funded with cash as quickly as company can afford it.
Policy is good, but someone has to take the lead and implement programs.
Policy is Guaranteed renewable to the end of the term period.
Policy is guided by a seven member board of directors.
Policy is implemented by the principal.
Policy is implemented separately by each application.
Policy is implicit and interpreted daily.
Policy is important.
Policy is in somewhat of a holding pattern.
Policy is in the process of being re-vamped.
Policy is included for further clarification.
Policy is integrated into the mission of the provider.
Policy is just as important as architecture.
Policy is made as much in sound bites as in sound logic in our day and age.
Policy is made by an executive board made up of faculty, graduate students, and staff.
Policy is made in our country by the legislative and executive branches of our government.
Policy is made in policy coordination meetings, where the principal people meet.
Policy is made.
Policy is more than a set of rules and regulations governing resource utilisation.
Policy is most government information is provided to the general public at no costs .
Policy is necessary because of problems they are experiencing.
Policy is never the real issue.
Policy is noncancelable and guaranteed renewable.
Policy is norms.
Policy is now available.
Policy is of the command and control variety.
Policy is often messy and diffuse, and outcomes often unintended.
Policy is on parents, beneficiary is kid.
Policy is one of the components.
Policy is one of the most important components to the environmental approach.
Policy is one of the most important duties of the library board.
Policy is one thing, but it is something else in terms of a medical emergency.
Policy is only relevant in the server applying it, so there is no reason to expose it.
Policy is patchy.
Policy is payable outright to minor children or grandchildren.
Policy is pedagogy.
Policy is pedogogy.
Policy is policy.
Policy is posted on their web site.
Policy is prejudice.
Policy is primary - strategy and tactics are secondary.
Policy is probably the single most powerful determinant of health.
Policy is relatively static.
Policy is relevant where it is germane to the implementation of bioenergy processes.
Policy is separated from operations.
Policy is set requiring diverse candidate pools for managerial positions.
Policy is strictly on noncancellation basis.
Policy is strong against ct.
Policy is subject to change provided customer receives notice.
Policy is subject to change without notice.
Policy is subject to change.
Policy is subject to revision.
Policy is supposed to be forward-looking.
Policy is the enactment of politics.
Policy is the foundation for a strong and consistent security program.
Policy is the most valuable management tool educational leaders can have.
Policy is the often over-looked component of all good corporate information security programs.
Policy is the prism through which voters judge character.
Policy is the proactive way of applying security to a product.
Policy is therefore to some extent a statement of vision - a declaration of what is to be achieved.
Policy is to list only free material.
Policy is to modify, exchange or repair if necessary.
Policy is to offer a competitive price for superior performance.
Policy is to outline a system for the humane care and use of animals and the safety of personnel.
Policy is to utilise market solutions, wherever possible, in preference to building bespoke systems.
Policy is under development.
Policy is used to throngs of adoring football fans.
Policy is very elaborate, but hinges on certain basic ideas.
Policy is viewed as a tool in shaping opportunities and outcomes.
Policy is written in calm, quiet rooms with no one hurt by that policy in plain view.
Policy is written on an occurance basis with defense in addition to the limit.
Policy is written on an occurrence basis.
Policy isa cognition.
Policy isa knowledge.
Policy maintains for few darkness but runs boxing equipment.
Policy maintains for few darkness but runs making golf clubs.
Policy makes a difference between growth rates in advanced economies too.
Policy makes senses.
Policy makes sure that employees understand rules and consequences.
Policy makes the difference and people make policy.
Policy making in American education seems to be made up mostly of responding or reacting.
Policy making on proliferation depends to an unusually large degree on secret intelligence.
Policy means actions of the board that set written goals and objectives for the school district.
Policy means actions of the board that set written goals and objectives for the school.
Policy means to private two-fold end solidarity and social guidance.
Policy measures the current supply status with the conservation issues.
Policy needs to balance the benefits with the costs of carrying out the policy.
Policy needs to be formed carefully.
Policy needs to become better aligned with the ever-accelerating science.
Policy needs to change to be relevant and needs to be relevant to be acceptable.
Policy needs to deal with internal concerns rather than external concerns.
Policy needs to include the Library area.
Policy now is geared toward the divorced family.
Policy now prohibits the interviews.
Policy objectives underlying foreign investment are for the promotion and expansion of exports.
Policy Offers a selection of articles, papers, and reports on a wide variety of topics.
Policy opens to standard size with sheets attached at top.
Policy opens to standard size with three sheets attached at top.
Policy operates at different levels.
Policy pay back allows a maximum of five annual payments over a four-year period .
Policy permits blacks in the coffee shop.
Policy Pick up and store surplused items until ready for sale.
Policy plays a key role in analysis.
Policy prevents any response to requests for email addresses asked of postmaster, userserv, etc.
Policy proceeds pass to the beneficiary tax-free.
Policy promotes development.
Policy promoting private sector participation in education is now in place.
Policy provides benefits for intensive care confinement resulting from injury or illness.
Policy provides coverage.
Policy provides information, resources and, in some cases, incentives to retiring faculty members.
Policy provides protection.
Policy provides provides direction and control for resolve and recovery from the disaster.
Policy provides the framework and creates the expectation for change.
Policy provides the insured with absolute discretion over settlements.
Policy provides the operational framework within which the institution functions.
Policy provides the real test of bipartisanship.
Policy puts procedure in place for oversight of all human-subject research on campus.
Policy raises moral questions about risking U.S. lives to save lives of others abroad.
Policy re charging graduate student tuition to research grants.
Policy receive Tire to Britain until the sony monitor as charged throughout an eye.
Policy reflects reality.
Policy regarding access to international facilities is currently a dilemma.
Policy regarding teacher aides in kindergarten is a local district decision.
Policy related resources and other relevant sites are also available.
Policy relates to environmental issues.
Policy relates to issues.
Policy relates to services.
Policy relies very heavily on the scientific advice.
Policy reports on regional priorities for agricultural research in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Policy represents a choice among competing interests and values.
Policy requires a time slot of two weeks.
Policy requires actions.
Policy requires insured's written consent to settle claims.
Policy requires protection.
Policy requires students have a valid physical in order to try out for any sport.
Policy requires that all member agencies be visited every two years.
Policy requires that product packaging and shipping materials be kept to a minimum.
Policy requires that the number of months be rounded down to the last whole number.
Policy requires the training in order for the teacher to collect the teaching stipend.
Policy requires workers.
Policy responds to the scheduled project's scope of work.
Policy responses too often lag well behind the introduction and diffusion of technological advances.
Policy routing decisions in the Internet are the configuration nightmare.
Policy See the press release for more details.
Policy seeks goals.
Policy seems to be to look for a volunteer from the new members in the autumn.
Policy sets the framework and provides direction for management decisions.
Policy starts at the top.
Policy states that only one beer is sold at a time.
Policy states the rules of the game.
Policy supports behavior.
Policy supports healthy behavior.
Policy taxes workers and lets landowners keep the rents generated by public transit.
Policy tends to flow down from Beijing, but funding and implementation rely on lower levels.
Policy thank Thief through peace with several vibrating panties likewise close within little fright.
Policy then dictates that two non-bye teams from each region be switched to the other.
Policy There is a report underway on the creation and use of digital resources.
Policy There is an awareness of issues, and work is being done towards policy creation.
Policy translates ideas, goals, or principles into programs and actions.
Policy urges awareness of their professional responsibilities.
Policy varies according to show.
Policy varies by property.
Policy varies for projects that fall into one of several categories.
Policy varies from host to host, and that's the only policy.
Policy varies with institution.
Policy verses implementation.
Policy wipe onto whatever tea and test cleveland browns clothes.
Policy wipe onto whatever tea and test north carolina tar heels apparel.
Policy wipe onto whatever tea and test trekking poles.
Policies always cost resources to implement.
Policies always exclude automobile liability.
Policies always look better on the other side of the boundary.
Policies often become a political battle within a company.
Policies often contradict each other.
Policies often result from tree planting and erosion control getting one thinking though.
Policies sometimes vary from company to company.
Policies usually cost about four to six percent of a trip s total cost.
Policies usually develop upward.
Policies usually extend to include outbuildings such as garages, greenhouses and garden sheds.
Policies usually require certain impairments before paying benefits.
All policies apply in all cases.
All policies apply to both formats.
All policies apply.
All policies applying to the three major written assignments apply to the report as well.
All policies are available at the following link.
All policies are configurable through settings in a separate configuration file for each policy.
All policies are currently under review.
All policies are distributed districtwide and updated policies also are available via the Internet.
All policies are effective on the first of the month.
All policies are in .pdf format.
All policies are in full force and effect.
All policies are individual contracts with the insurer.
All policies are payable by monthly direct debit.
All policies are periodically updated.
All policies are subject to an annual audit.
All policies are subject to change as the computing and network environment evolve.
All policies are subject to change at any time without notice.
All policies are subject to change without notice.
All policies are subject to change.
All policies are subject to company underwriting guidelines and approval.
All policies are subject to improvement and revision at any time.
All policies are subject to medical underwriting to determine price quotes.
All policies are subject to policy limits and exclusions.
All policies are subject to revision.
All policies are under continual review.
All policies become effective at time of sale or product order.
All policies concerning plagiarism and cheating apply to the motion.
All policies contain exclusions to coverage.
All policies contain limitations and exclusions.
All policies contain provisions that determine if and when benefits are paid.
All policies contain small print.
All policies contained in the Student Handbook are subject to change without prior notice.
All policies cover both commercial and residential work and come with a low deductible.
All policies fall into one of two camps.
All policies governing drop and late drop deadlines, fees, limits, and notations are the same.
All policies have a maximum limit to the benefits.
All policies have an expiration date, when the coverage ends.
All policies have exclusions.
All policies have money back guarantee.
All policies have to meet state and national guidelines.
All policies impact on people's lives, some to a greater extent and with more immediacy than others.
All policies involve trade-offs, impose costs and produce benefits.
All policies issued after conversion are assessable, unless otherwise provided by contract.
All policies limit the monthly amount of disability benefits paid to recipients.
All policies listed below apply to any and all postings on D.C. public property.
All policies regarding the release of information applies equally to children.
All policies start with full cost introductory prices but differ in second-period pricing.
All policy changes slowly, and housing policy is some of the most intractable.
All policy focuses on the future, by definition.
All policy governing the use of that mark applies to the new symbol.
All policy is configured by the zone administrator and enforced by the zone's primary name server.
All policy making power is concentrated in the council.
All policy regarding production and distribution is made by the appellate court.
All policy rests on a body of basic technical, historical, and methodological research.
Any policy is an offshoot of an objective.
Any policy really depends on the leadership.
Every policy covers only the house itself.
Every policy has a number.
Every policy has an effective time limit.
Every policy has costs and benefits.
Every policy interacts over time with every other policy.
Every policy involves winners and losers.
Every policy is backed by an experienced and customer-centered team of insurance professionals.
Every policy is different, so the following are general examples.
Every policy is different.
Many policies also cover assisted living and home health care.
Many policies also cover lost business that results from the equipment breakdown.
Many policies also have provisions for partial surrenders of cash value.
Many policies also have restrictions on benefits.
Many policies also place restrictions on access to mental health and substance abuse treatment.
Many policies appear at face value to be similar but the small print and exclusions often differ.
Many policies are a mix of program and system.
Many policies are as important as laws.
Many policies are guaranteed renewable, others are conditionally renewable.
Many policies are today explicitly embedding or directly aimed at environmental improvements.
Many policies are unwritten parts of the corporate culture.
Many policies call for a written informed consent signed by the woman.
Many policies can go into effect the day of the postmark on the application.
Many policies come with an inflation rider in exchange for higher premiums.
Many policies contain two-year limitations for mental illness and nervous conditions.
Many policies cover a limited percentage at some hopitals, and a greater percentage at others.
Many policies cover computers and equipment.
Many policies cover such expenses up to a stated amount.
Many policies cover the cost of temporary work.
Many policies differentiate the amount of coverage between nursing facility care and in home care.
Many policies do cover skydiving.
Many policies do cover the destruction and deterioration of computer data and software, however.
Many policies establish minimum numbers of absences for discipline.
Many policies exclude certain direct marketing activities from normal farm operations.
Many policies extend damage coverage to lost data.
Many policies have a maximum benefit, expressed in terms of either total dollars or length of time.
Many policies have exclusions and limitations that make comparison shopping difficult.
Many policies have restrictions on non-emergency services.
Many policies have several different versions from which to choose.
Many policies have waiting periods ranging from several months to two years.
Many policies limit the number of treatments.
Many policies limit what is covered.
Many policies now protect against inflation and loss of benefits due to policy lapses.
Many policies only allow inspection of the Policy Wording at their offices.
Many policies only cover a percentage of medical costs.
Many policies pay a fixed per-day rate.
Many policies provide half the per diem nursing home amount for care at home.
Many policies provide inadequate or inappropriate coverage.
Many policies purchased from the cruise lines exclude coverage for preexisting medical conditions.
Many policies require pre-certification, or prior approval for coverage of elective procedures.
Many policies restrict reimbursements.
Many policies specifically exclude coverage for property off premises at exhibitions.
Most policies also cover expenses for removal of debris.
Most policies also place caps on insuring certain valuables, such as jewelry, cash, and furs.
Most policies also provide benefits for at-home care services as well as assisted living facilities.
Most policies also provide personal liability coverage.
Most policies are designed for direct physical damage caused by a broad range of perils.
Most policies are incentives or regulations that encourage the use of renewables.
Most policies are renewable for an additional term when the present term ends.
Most policies belong to particular committees.
Most policies can include coverage for damage caused by sewer back-up.
Most policies contain a waiting period, during which no benefits are paid.
Most policies contain language that ends coverage for a dependent child after a certain age.
Most policies cover all legal fees and any settlement costs incurred in resolving a claim.
Most policies cover both home care and institutionalized care.
Most policies cover care in a nursing home, at home, or in an assisted-living environment.
Most policies cover damages to appliances from a power surge when power is restored to a home.
Most policies cover former directors, so directors generally remain covered even after they retire.
Most policies cover former members of the firm for their acts on behalf of the firm.
Most policies cover injuries to guests and some even cover ruined photographs.
Most policies cover skilled care, intermediate care, and custodial care at a nursing facility.
Most policies cover the policyholder in person while driving a car which belongs to someone else.
Most policies define the activities of daily living as a trigger.
Most policies do include towing.
Most policies do offer equal amounts of coverage for both for an additional premium.
Most policies exclude claims based on the director's or officer's personal gain or self-dealing.
Most policies exclude coverage for claims resulting from any insured serving another organization.
Most policies exclude coverage for losses caused by latent defects.
Most policies exclude damages from sump pump failures, even due to a power outage.
Most policies exclude pre-existing conditions.
Most policies exclude programming errors.
Most policies feature low liability limits and simple one-page applications.
Most policies feature zero deductible and immediate coverage.
Most policies give discounts for air bags and automatic seatbelts.
Most policies have a built-in annual increase of replacement cost coverage.
Most policies have a deductible.
Most policies have a one or two million dollar lifetime limit.
Most policies have a two-year period of contestability.
Most policies have conditions of coverage .
Most policies have exclusions for pre-existing conditions.
Most policies have some type of limit on benefits.
Most policies have specific exclusions.
Most policies have to change with the times, and immigration policy is no exception.
Most policies just provide coverage for the red area.
Most policies now accept pre-existing conditions for medical coverage, too.
Most policies now have a hurricane deductible of two to five percent of a home s insured value.
Most policies offer an inflation adjustment that increases the benefit amount in future years.
Most policies offer level premiums.
Most policies pay a fixed dollar amount per day.
Most policies pay if two ADL deficiencies exist.
Most policies pay the depreciated value rather than the replacement cost of any losses.
Most policies provide a maximum dollar amount for each day of nursing home care.
Most policies provide an annual reset feature.
Most policies provide coverage for damage caused from falling trees.
Most policies require a lengthy application and a medical exam.
Most policies require a minimum premium to be paid in advance at the beginning of every policy year.
Most policies require a regulatory impact assessment.
Most policies require a signed proof of loss within a certain time limit.
Most policies require a three-day stay, but a few have no requirement.
Most policies require claims to be filed within one year from the date of disaster.
Most policies require prior notice to insurance company of surgery or euthanasia.
Most policies require up front payment for routine or non-routine exams and procedures.
Most policies sold today include coverage of services received in nursing homes and at home.
Most policies use co-insurance to reduce the insurer's share of smaller claims.
Most policies vary from fund to fund, so be sure to read through the prospectus carefully.
Most policy achieves development.
Most policy affects distribution.
Most policy aims at stability.
Most policy applies to information.
Most policy applies to versions.
Most policy changes economic conditions.
Most policy changes social behavior.
Most policy creates impressions.
Most policy describes procedures.
Most policy encourages development.
Most policy facilitates commerce.
Most policy generates growth.
Most policy has adverse effects.
Most policy has deep roots.
Most policy has effects.
Most policy has impact.
Most policy has roles.
Most policy has roots.
Most policy improves health.
Most policy improves life.
Most policy improves productivity.
Most policy includes activities.
Most policy includes answers.
Most policy includes procedures.
Most policy is made at the state bar level.
Most policy makes senses.
Most policy promotes development.
Most policy provides coverage.
Most policy provides protection.
Most policy reflects reality.
Most policy relates to environmental issues.
Most policy relates to issues.
Most policy relates to services.
Most policy requires actions.
Most policy requires protection.
Most policy requires workers.
Most policy seeks goals.
Most policy supports behavior.
Most policy supports healthy behavior.
Most policy works only indirectly through a chain of events.
Much policy takes place apart from much spending.
Some policies allow for the termination of benefits at any time.
Some policies also allow medical necessity as a qualifying criteria.
Some policies also appear in employee and student handbooks.
Some policies also cover extras such as osteopathy or dental fees.
Some policies also cover prescription drugs.
Some policies also cover the borrower in the event of disability.
Some policies also exclude pre-existing conditions.
Some policies also offer a limited amount of coverage for damages as well.
Some policies apply to land throughout the district, while others apply only to defined areas.
Some policies are automatically tax qualified.
Some policies are gender specific while others are general.
Some policies are now available for nursing home care.
Some policies are payable for life while others are guaranteed to be paid-up after several years.
Some policies are renewable at the end of a term.
Some policies are too heavy on the consequences and others are too light.
Some policies call for weekly checks, but most pay monthly.
Some policies combine basic and major medical coverage into one plan.
Some policies contain an inflation guard which increases coverage as costs increase.
Some policies contain pre-existing condition limitations.
Some policies cost a lot, but give very little in the form of benefits.
Some policies cover a specific disease or a specific kind of accident.
Some policies cover a stay in the hospital and services offered by the hospital.
Some policies cover a student while away at school.
Some policies cover accidental damage to televisions, videos, home computers and audio equipment.
Some policies cover adult day care, nursing homes, assisted living and home health care.
Some policies cover both husband and wife.
Some policies cover emergency medical services provided abroad.
Some policies cover garage door openers and roof repairs up to a specified limit.
Some policies cover loss or damage of photographs.
Some policies cover major organ transplants.
Some policies cover medications, x-rays, and physical exams while in the nursing home.
Some policies cover more than others.
Some policies cover only life, some cover only disabilities, and others cover both.
Some policies cover only the amount of net income lost due to hacking.
Some policies cover provider charges UP TO the daily benefit amount.
Some policies cover some cosmetic aids.
Some policies even consider hiring a bicycle a dangerous activity.
Some policies even exclude loss caused by employee malicious destruction.
Some policies even exclude pregnancy and fertility payments altogether.
Some policies even pay for home care by a family member.
Some policies even pay for hotel stays during the renovations that are necessary for claimants.
Some policies exclude certain types of procedures from the deductible.
Some policies exclude claims for acts occurring after a subsidiary ceases being a subsidiary.
Some policies exclude flights outside the continental United States.
Some policies exclude pre-existing conditions from coverage.
Some policies exclude protection for lawsuits brought outside the U.S. or Canada.
Some policies exclude risky sports.
Some policies exclude travel in certain areas.
Some policies exist as protection against potential lawsuits.
Some policies extend coverage to Canada and some extend it worldwide.
Some policies go in and out of favor, such as land use planning.
Some policies have a death and investment content.
Some policies have a low deductible for any claim.
Some policies have a maximum number of days or a maximum payment amount.
Some policies have automatic coverage up to a certain amount of money.
Some policies have different benefit periods for different types of care.
Some policies have low cash values in the early years that build quickly later on.
Some policies have low cash values in the early years that build rapidly later on.
Some policies have positive social effects yet lack coherent long-term positive social benefits.
Some policies have restrictions and exclusions which limit the care a patient can receive.
Some policies have shorter waiting periods or no waiting period.
Some policies have specific provisions that include computer systems and electronic data.
Some policies impose time limits such as three, six or nine months.
Some policies increase the costs of production for the firm.
Some policies inflate the benefit amount for the lifetime of the policyholder.
Some policies insure more objects than others do.
Some policies last only two years.
Some policies limit coverage for broken glass.
Some policies offer different waits for different benefits, if desired.
Some policies offer home care at the same daily rate, others at half that.
Some policies offer more detailed definitions of claim.
Some policies offer more flexibility than others.
Some policies offer rate reductions for ride sharing.
Some policies offer step-up provisions, which increase the amount guaranteed at regular intervals.
Some policies only cover licensed nursing homes.
Some policies only cover specific causes of loss.
Some policies only cover unexpected medical emergencies.
Some policies only pay for care that is medically necessary.
Some policies only pay for risks associated with loss or misuse of intellectual property.
Some policies outline a process for dealing with disputes rather than actually defining futility .
Some policies pay a percentage of the total cost of the services, adjusting to inflationary costs.
Some policies pay benefits on a reimbursement model and others pay on an indemnity model.
Some policies pay benefits when earnings drop by a certain percentage due to a disability.
Some policies pay for additional benefits such as home nursing or complementary therapies.
Some policies pay nothing for travel and lodging.
Some policies pay up to a certain amount for a given health problem.
Some policies permit automatic coverage.
Some policies pertain to faculty as well.
Some policies prohibit certain hairstyles, as well, claiming they re unprofessional or distracting.
Some policies protect contents on a replacement cost basis.
Some policies provide benefits for the lifetime of the insured.
Some policies provide coverage for all employees.
Some policies provide coverage only for two or five years, which many experts believe is inadequate.
Some policies provide room and board while property is being repaired.
Some policies require a completed claim form - others, just the original bill.
Some policies require a guardian's signature to use the Internet.
Some policies require each customer logging in to be identified by name and password.
Some policies require frank and full disclosure of pre-existing medical complaints and problems.
Some policies require that the owner prove the value of the horse every quarter.
Some policies restrict how far a vehicle can be towed.
Some policies routinely pay for normal pregnancy and well baby care.
Some policies specify a waiting period before coverage begins.
Some policies specify that the university has rights to graduate dissertations and theses.
Some policies terminate when a surrender value is paid.
Some policies try to describe every possible cause which can lead to damage.
Some policies use more then one trigger to determine benefits.
Some policy affects economic growth.
Some policy affects families.
Some policy affects growth.
Some policy affects women.
Some policy boosts economic growth.
Some policy boosts growth.
Some policy changes yet to be defined, but pretty much all set.
Some policy contains exclusion.
Some policy contributes to high inflation.
Some policy contributes to inflation.
Some policy contributes to management.
Some policy contributes to population reductions.
Some policy contributes to productivity.
Some policy contributes to reductions.
Some policy contributes to water management.
Some policy covers benefits.
Some policy creates messes.
Some policy emphasizes assessments.
Some policy emphasizes risk assessments.
Some policy encourages reductions.
Some policy enhances life cycle management.
Some policy enhances management.
Some policy ensures benefits.
Some policy ensures integrity.
Some policy facilitates development.
Some policy focuses on goals.
Some policy focuses on life.
Some policy focuses on recreation.
Some policy governs children.
Some policy governs operations.
Some policy governs overall operations.
Some policy governs pursuits.
Some policy has bias.
Some policy has places.
Some policy has pronounce bias.
Some policy helps causes.
Some policy improves quality.
Some policy leads to death.
Some policy leads to inflation.
Some policy leads to reductions.
Some policy prevents infection.
Some policy promotes economic growth.
Some policy promotes expansion.
Some policy promotes growth.
Some policy provides assistance.
Some policy provides information.
Some policy provides summaries.
Some policy provides temporary assistance.
Some policy relates to ability.
Some policy relates to activities.
Some policy relates to development activities.
Some policy relates to economic growth.
Some policy relates to fields.
Some policy relates to growth.
Some policy relates to information.
Some policy relates to use.
Some policy requires methods.
Some policy supports development.
Some policy supports sustainable development.
Some policy takes effects.
A policyholder is a customer
A policyholder is a holder
Policyholder directs allocation of investments.
Policyholders also receive free tail coverage upon death or disability.
Policyholders are additionally able to notify EIS of any overdue accounts and claims.
Policyholders are at risk with a failed insurance company in several ways.
Policyholders are customers.
Policyholders are holders.
Policyholders are in control.
Policyholders are unaffected by the merger.
Policyholders benefit from the process as well.
Policyholders can access a multitude of world class independent investment managers.
Policyholders can access all major equity, bond and currency markets.
Policyholders can continue with their existing payment method if they wish.
Policyholders can designate a coverage limit they believe is adequate.
Policyholders can make six free fund switches a year.
Policyholders can receive high coverage amounts for a fraction of the permanent plan cost.
Policyholders can see huge monetary losses if their cash value policy lapses.
Policyholders can use the cash from dividends in many ways.
Policyholders constitute the membership and elect the board of directors.
Policyholders deserve to know about state evidence of insurer abuses.
Policyholders do have to answer questions about dogs on the application, however.
Policyholders expect to be taken care of.
Policyholders get none of it.
Policyholders have an opportunity to share risks and enjoy rewards for improved claims experience.
Policyholders have claims.
Policyholders have the right to appeal a claim denial by their insurance company.
Policyholders have the right to choose their own counsel in the event of a claim.
Policyholders have two choices.
Policyholders have until the termination date to make the final payment for the policy.
Policyholders own the company.
Policyholders pay a higher premium in the first few years.
Policyholders pay until termination age, payout of the policy, or cancellation.
Policyholders receive discounts for alarm systems.
Many policyholders are surprised to find out a raccoon is living or nesting in their attic or roof.
Many policyholders take advantage of the lower premium rates available at younger ages.
Most policyholders have a vague idea, at best, about what their policy provides.
Some policyholders choose to reduce coverage as their children grow up.
Polihale beach is huge and offers quiet solitude.
Polio eradication is on the right track.
Polio eradication is one of the successes of modern medicine.
Polio vaccination is part of the national vaccine recommendations in the United Kingdom.
Polio vaccine is given as universal vaccination in most countries, as early as just after birth.
Polio vaccine is given by mouth.
Polio vaccine is recommended for all infants and children.
Polio vaccines can actually cause polio in rare instances.
A polio is an infectious disease
Polio can be eradicated, says WHO chief.
Polio can be fatal.
Polio carries with it another lesson.
Polio continues to be reported from rural areas and vaccine is available.
Polio continues to strike and kill children.
Polio isa disease.
Polio leads to paralysis, muscle and nerve degeneration, and often permanent disability.
Polio occurs in many developing countries in Africa, Asia, the Middle East and eastern Europe.
Polio starts with fever and muscle pain.
All polio is now inactivated vaccine.
Poliomyelitis risk is very low in most countries.
A poliovirus is an enterovirus
Poliovirus can travel rapidly, over long distances.
Poliovirus is an enterovirus which replicates in the oropharynx and gastrointestinal tract.
Poliovirus is an enterovirus.
Poliovirus is transmitted from person to person primarily by direct fecal-oral contact.
Polioviruses are enteroviruses.
Polioviruses are species.
Polish agriculture is seen as weak and uncompetitive, with too many inefficient small farms.
Polish army consists mostly of conscript soldiers.
Polish brass Pick up trash on specified floors.
Polish canola is more susceptible than Argentine canola.
Polish collection is here.
Polish consumers remain reluctant to order online however.
Most Polish counties are named after their capital city , or county seat .
Most Polish counties are named after their capital city, or county seat.
Polish cowboys share a dream of going to New Mexico to take part in a cattle drive next summer.
Polish cuisine can be delicious, but it is different.
Polish culture attracts an audience abroad.
Polish culture contains various aspects present in the East and West of Europe.
Polish distress is tangible in the two towns.
Polish distribution can also indicate possible motions.
Polish economy improves due to a more favorable external environment .
Polish fight comes to an end.
Polish folklore is abundantly rich.
All Polish fonts are perfectly suitable for writing in English.
Polish food is hearty, tasty and served in generous portions.
Polish food Understand the national pastime of mushroom picking.
Polish goods prevail, especially food and cosmetics.
Polish immigrants arrive.
Polish immigrants can revitalize Polish-American cultural life, bringing new blood and new ideas.
Polish language is easy to learn, perhaps excluding grammar, spelling and pronunciation . . .
Polish language is recommended for all students.
Polish law allows a president to serve two consecutive terms.
Polish law allows fishing with electrical tools constructed according to standard no.
Polish law is currently in flux on a number of issues that are important to travelers.
Polish law requires every traveler to be able to show means of support, if asked.
Polish laws are favorable to foreign ownership, and international funding is available.
Polish laws provide virtually zero tolerance for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Some Polish letters have diacritical marks.
Polish liquors are also popular.
Polish literature has a long and complicated history.
Polish mirror is temporarilly off.
Polish mountains are one of the tourist attractions of the country.
Polish nouns can be either masculine, feminine or neuter.
Polish part is in blue.
Polish partners prefer to work with foreign suppliers on a long-term basis.
Polish patrons are able to operate computers with a Polish language operating system and software.
Polish people are multilingual.
Polish people are very friendly and filled with hospitality.
Polish people enjoy rich pastries and fish, especially on holidays.
Polish people move into the abandoned houses.
Polish people tend to be more willing to criticize rather than praise the developments in Poland.
All Polish pharmacies are obliged to produce compound medicines.
Polish posters are renowned , and can be gotten quite reasonably in the off-tourist sites.
Polish products have difficulties in competing against the foreign ones.
Polish professionals do the data entry, from photocopies of index pages.
Polish resistance ceases.
Polish rice provides starches.
Most polish rice provides starches.
Polish roots can be extremely interesting and sometimes very challenging.
Polish Roots gives an excellent overview of how to approach Polish genealogical research.
Polish sausages sizzle on the grill, and a dozen kids splash in the swimming pool.
Polish scientists discover elements.
Most polish scientists discover elements.
Polish society needs a profound, new evangelization.
Polish stone caps for pigeon control devices for interior column capitals.
Polish students travel to a partner institution for one semester of study.
Polish teenager wins women's inaugural hammer throw.
More Polish territory is annexed by Russia and Prussia.
Polish translation is available.
Polish translation link.
Polish TV losing independence, opposition says.
Polish universities are interested in establishing relationships with American schools.
Polish varieties have lighter canopies and seem to have much lower infection levels.
All Polish varieties are susceptible.
Polish verbs can have active, passive or reflexive forms.
Polish verbs have personal and impersonal forms.
Polish arises from an attention to details.
Polish contains some special characters.
Polish costumes a specialty.
Polish helps seal and protect the wood, which helps keep it looking like new.
Polish holds in the moisture.
Polish is formulations.
Polish is language.
Polish is located in garages.
Polish is located in shoes.
Polish is located in tables.
Polish is people.
Polish is perfection.
Polish is radiance
Polish is used for cleaning.
Polish tends to discolor nails because of the chemical reaction of the polish on the nails.
Polishes add luster and protection to vinyl surfaces inside and outside of automobiles.
Polishes are non-traditional.
Polishes are the paint finish workhorse.
Polishes car to remove preservative coating and road film accumulated during transit.
Polishes come in several forms.
Polishes die member, using hand stones.
Polishes improve the appearance of the finish and also help to preserve the wood.
Many polishes leave a residue or are abrasive.
Most polishes apply best with a cotton terry cloth or terry applicator pad.
Most polishes are a petroleum distilate base and evaporate quickly.
Most polishes use fillers to help cover swirl marks.
Some polishes contain a silver anti-tarnishing agent.
Polished aluminium has the highest reflectivity of any material - even mirror glass.
Polished aluminum has the highest reflectivity of any material - even mirror glass.
Polished banisters shimmer in the sunlight.
Polished bottoms scour clean in sticky soils.
Polished brass is available for a more formal look.
Polished brass is dead.
Polished brass is soft, corrodes easily, and is relatively expensive.
Polished brass surround with polished brass trim.
Polished chrome mast with grey hammertone base.
Polished chrome rims.
Polished chrome stand features five legs with conductive casters for exceptional stability.
Polished cobalt is silver-white with a faint bluish tinge.
Polished coral has a vitreous lustre.
All polished diamonds start as rough, and once polished, remain polished forever.
Some polished diamonds have a very tiny flat facet at the bottom of the pavilion, called the culet.
Polished finishes are extra.
Polished floors are best.
Polished granite has a shiny, mirror-like surface.
Polished handles are handsome and stand up to heavy use.
Polished jadeite is described as the shining of glass .
Polished leather handle with nickel silver guard and aluminum pommel.
Polished leather handle with nickel silver guard and polished aluminum pommel.
Polished limestone can also see action in the bathroom on the floor and on the walls.
Polished loafers are often dressy enough.
Polished marble juts through the earth.
Polished nickel is used in the formal areas.
Polished pieces showing metallic grains are in preparation.
Polished post ends.
Polished prose makes everything pretty like flawless skin over raw flesh.
Polished retrievers are mannerly at the vehicle, awaiting instruction to enter or exit.
Polished retrievers sit quietly for extended periods of inactivity.
Polished rosewood handle secured with brass rivets.
Polished samples are prepared for reflected light microscopy.
Polished service makes the experience a pampering one.
Polished sides have an even brown coat of patina from years of storage.
Polished surface is smooth and shiny due to the Mica content.
Polished surfaces are bright and shiny.
Polished surfaces require special care in wet areas.
Polished surfaces show cosmetic changes rapidly in most exterior situations.
Polished tippers are so discreet that only the recipient notices the money changing hands.
Polished touches lurk everywhere.
Polished walnut handle.
Polished wood handle.
Polished wood is used on the center console and across top of the dash.
Polished writing is the end result of multiple drafts and fine-tunings.
Polishing is cleaning.
Polishing is polishing.
Polishing is rubbings.
Polisynthetic words are almost always more useful and economic.
Polital science is no different that kitchen politics.
Politcal amoralism spawns cultural amoralism.
Polite applause dispatches the ensemble and the stage is rearranged for the kid.
Polite children welcome.
Polite comments are welcome.
Polite complaints do sometimes work.
Polite conversation conveys information, but university discourse effects transformation.
Polite conversation is also usually extremely bland.
Polite conversation is light and inoffensive.
Polite dismissal is a queasy version of lazy missiles, with missions aborted when it comes to feel.
Polite feedback is welcome.
Polite kids are well liked and have an edge on success.
Polite participation is mandatory.
Polite people are easy to put off.
Polite people post in text format.
Polite persistence pays off.
Polite persistence pays.
Polite pets are welcome by prior arrangement.
Polite phrases are very important in English.
Polite players stick it out.
Polite society dictates that they deny themselves to save themselves.
Polite society knows that one never unclenches one's sphincter, especially for such a low purpose.
Polite words achieve more.
Politeness can affect the fortunes of a company.
Politeness can be such a pretender, even when necessary.
Politeness can seem cold or insincere where there's no trust.
Politeness costs nothing and gains everything.
Politeness costs nothing, and professionalism costs nothing.
Politeness costs nothing.
Politeness goes a long way in the Virgin Islands.
Politeness goes far, yet costs nothing.
Politeness helps, by the way.
Politeness is a bore.
Politeness is a good example.
Politeness is a good manners
Politeness is a key issue.
Politeness is a poor virtue if one does it for fear of offending good taste.
Politeness is a two-way thing.
Politeness is a very important aspect of social interaction.
Politeness is actions.
Politeness is activated by tender feeling toward the sensibilities of others.
Politeness is an absolute requirement on the forums, chats, and during video conferencing.
Politeness is courtesy.
Politeness is encouraged.
Politeness is extremely important.
Politeness is good nature regulated by good sense.
Politeness is ignored and bitches are rewarded.
Politeness is met in kind.
Politeness is much more likely to gain results than rudeness.
Politeness is no substitute for life.
Politeness is only one half good manners and the other half good lying.
Politeness is related to the interpersonal dimensions of power and distance.
Politeness is sometimes very good.
Politeness is the art of choosing among one's real thoughts.
Politeness is the art of selecting among one's real thoughts.
Politeness is the beign mask which conceals thoughts and judgments about the candidate.
Politeness is the key to being a good neighbor.
Politeness is the key to success.
Politeness is the oil of civilized interaction.
Politeness is the poison of collaboration.
Politeness is to do and say the kindest thing in the kindest way.
Politeness is valued more than frankness.
Politeness is valued.
Politeness is very dangerous.
Politeness kills people.
Politeness means giving the other person a choice, recognizing their individual preferences.
Politeness Never Pays.
Politeness prevents critical discussion.
Politeness requires that the host offers food to the guest at least three times.
Politeness takes second place to honesty.
Politic candidates can lock in their win now.
Politic enthusiasts have two types of markets to play.
Political access is a worthwhile investment.
Political accountability rests upon the right of free expression and the right of free association.
Political action can also be an initiatory journey.
Political action can only define the general aims.
Political action focuses on states and is guided by national interests and respect for sovereignty.
Political action is demanded by man's very nature.
Political action is most effective at the local level.
Political action is needed here.
Political action is no substitute for a real long-term revolution in ideas.
Political action is no substitute for the real long-term a revolution in ideas.
Political action is required as well, and public campaigning on the issue.
Political action is the foundation for change.
Political action is the lifeblood of our effort.
Political action is the means to improving our daily lives.
Political action is the neglected stepsister.
Political action is the theme of chapter five.
Political action is thus essential to minimize violence and bloodshed.
Political action is way too slow.
Political action provides one such opportunity.
Political action starts with personal self-liberation.
Political actions are actions.
Every political action taken is founded on a religious belief.
Political activism is an old idea.
Political activism is another way to distinguish oneself in the community.
Political activism is concentrated.
Political activism is one form of valuing and acting within the discipline.
Political activism is one ministry option.
Political activism is only one aspect of being an environmentalist.
Political activism is the killer application for the Internet.
Political activism is worthwhile because the laws of our land have a profound impact on our lives.
Political activists are people.
Political activists are workers.
Political activists elect candidates, pass or repeal laws and determine public policy.
Many political activists are relatively young and many are unemployed.
Some political activists disagree.
Political activities come under the domain of Saturn.
Political activity begins with assuming the right to participate.
Political activity is a human vocation common to all.
Political activity is an important ingredient in alumni involvement.
Political activity is quite different from social activity.
Political activity is the main way that any society does the integration.
Political activity ought therefore to be carried out in a spirit of service .
Political activity remains severely restricted.
Political activity serves the hierarchy and only the hierarchy.
Every political activity going on in Leicester and beyond is only a click away.
Political actors compete for scarce support from potential followers.
Political acumen guarantees success with a fickle electorate.
Political acumen is increasingly important to the regents and governors who hire college presidents.
Political ads are payable in advance.
Political ads differ from consumer ads in a number of ways.
Political ads play down party differences, because candidates are always gunning for swing voters.
Every political ad has a central and sometimes several more minor appeals.
Political adjustment stops certain actions and permits.
Political advertisements have no credibility and are usually just mudslinging sound bytes.
All political advertisement is paid in advance.
Political advertising are advertising.
Political advertising is accepted with payment in advance.
Political advertising is commissionable to recognized national advertising agencies.
Political advertising is more expensive than commercial advertising.
Political advertising is the standard example here.
Political advertising is unallowable.
Political advertising is up.
All political advertising is charged at the open rate.
All political advertising is required to be paid in advance of publication.
Political advocacy can also be a part of humanitarianism.
Political advocacy gets results.
Political advocacy is a complex and sometimes frightening subject.
Political advocacy is an important part of our responsibility to our young people.
Political advocacy is important - and it works.
Political affiliation leans toward the Democratic party.
Political affiliation tends to follow ethnoregional lines.
Some political agendas advocate for the generalized legalization of marijuana use.
Political agitation is harder than it looks.
Many political aides specialize in areas like transportation or technology.
Political alienation is about a feeling of powerlessness in a community.
Political alliances can be ugly at times, but they provide a path toward overwhelming success.
Political ambiguity cuts both ways.
Political ambition burns bright in Woods' soul.
Political ambition is a perverted base on which to found international policy.
Much political analysis is really textual analysis.
Political analysts agree that the politics of poverty are back in style.
Political analysts are more concerned over the guarantee of free and fair elections next year.
Political analysts attribute spread of weapons to the good number of wars Yemen has passed through.
Political analysts believe that the next parliament is likely to be different.
Political analysts discount their chances.
Political analysts like to look at certain key races which are indicators of a trend.
Political analysts remain sceptical about an open selection process.
Political analysts remain skeptical.
Political analysts say some of the protests have been organised by rival politicians.
Political analysts say the latest developments have changed the scope of the conflict.
Political analysts say the results portray a public eager for election reform.
Many political analysts expect the downward trend to continue.
Many political analysts say no.
Most political analysts believe the seat is safely in the Democratic column.
Some political analysts see Kosovo as a sign for optimism as well.
Political appointees are essential to effective government.
Political appointees are, by design, transient members of the federal work force.
Political appointees work hard.
Many political appointees attempt to convert their political jobs to permanent jobs.
Many political appointees seek to leave even before the ship is put into dry dock.
Most political appointees understand the temporary nature of their role quite well.
Political appointments are an unfortunate byproduct of modern campaigning.
Political arguments are common place at dinner tables and in dorm lounges.
Political arguments define a game and a territory.
All political arrangements are a mixture of historical accident and human decisions.
Political art delivers unwelcome truths about human nature.
Political aspects are unnecessary when everyone grows up with a loving and caring family.
Political assassins are only too glad to do their work and to fly.
Political assassination can make anyone hot and thirsty.
Political assassinations are frequent, torture and detention without trial commonplace.
Political assassinations are regular events.
Many political assassinations occur.
Political attention can sometimes help and sometimes hinder maintaining a direction for change.
Political attention is too intermittent.
Political attitudes can change dramatically - as toward racial integration of public schools.
Political attitudes change very little over time.
Political audacity is an important factor for their success.
Political authorities utilize the most violent methods to deal with intractable social problems.
Political authority is almost hopelessly fragmented and discredited.
Political authority is gradually redefined.
Political authority is vague.
Political autonomy entails having the liberty to act upon the decision one has made.
Political barometers are often monthly whereas economic barometers can be quarterly.
Political behavior is the foundation of all societies.
Political behaviour is outside one's specified job requirements.
Political beliefs have little to do with domestic terrorism.
Political beliefs ought to be taken to have reasons.
Political bias comes from the top.
Political biases are hard to hide here, under the almost cruel humor.
Political blackmail is another word for terrorism.
Political blackmail is objectionable because it affects the lives of many people.
Political books deserve more alert critics.
Political boundaries are nonsense.
Political boundaries are often arbitrary.
Political boundaries cross over geologic ones.
Political burdens result in symbolic politics of more promise than change.
Political buttons are more widely spread and profitable for collectors.
Political buttons serve the same function.
A political campaign is a race
Political campaigns are advertising campaigns.
Political campaigns are all different and very much alike.
Political campaigns are an obvious example, but bias in art or archeology is more subtle.
Political campaigns are cluttered with numerous issues and personalities.
Political campaigns are expensive.
Political campaigns are generally a conversation between two large opponents.
Political campaigns are more expensive, largely because of costly television ads.
Political campaigns are no exception.
Political campaigns are races.
Political campaigns are the heartbeat of the American political system.
Political campaigns become an orgy of prevarication . . .
Political campaigns beget a huge amount of advertising for candidates and issues.
Political campaigns COST money and, obligations invariably ensue.
Political campaigns cost too much and last too long.
Political campaigns have it.
Political campaigns have other smorgasbords of data from which to choose.
Political campaigns move online .
Political campaigns offer plenty of fodder for the TV and drive-time comedy shows.
Political campaigns rely heavily on advertising.
Political campaigns work for it.
Every political campaign is propagandistic by definition.
Every political campaign needs money to be successful.
Most political campaigns take place in even-numbered years.
Political campaigners fret about the way they look too.
Political candidates are anything but na ve.
Political candidates are workers.
Political candidates depend on the coverage they receive through the media.
Political candidates hurry to the middle to persuade so-called mainstream voters.
Political candidates learn very early that comfortable, well-fed reporters give positive coverage.
Political candidates make their blood type known to the voters.
Political candidates present their reasons for supporting specific tax reform proposals.
Political candidates run polls all the time.
Political candidates show off their espanol, hoping to connect with Hispanic voters.
Political candidates violate the sanctity of religion by seeking votes from pulpits.
Many political candidates say that they favor expanding health care coverage.
Political cards can be very powerful.
Political careers are at stake, as is the allocation of taxpayer money.
All political careers end in failure.
Political cartoons are among the most effective means of communication.
Political cartoons are still popular today.
Political cartoons are toons.
Political cartoons are updated weekly, from various U.S. newspapers.
Political cartoons are worth less than a penny.
Political cartoons are, in essence, manifestos for the common man.
Political cartoons can exaggerate a situation to clarify or emphasize a point.
Political cartoons can have the greatest impact on politicians.
Political cartoons communicate the attitudes of the press and the public.
Political cartoons depend greatly on the viewer's prior knowledge of the subject.
Political cartoons feed schools' current events curricula.
Political cartoons fill the bulletin board and count as extra credit.
Political cartoons poke fun at the potential of genetic engineering.
Political cartoons use stereotyped images.
Political cartoonists assess the year thus far.
Political cartoonists characterize the Presidential election.
Political cartoonists see something else altogether.
Political caucuses are well-known example of informal groups.
Political causes are the focus.
Political caution is in order.
Political censorship continues despite official statements that only military secrets are censored.
Political centralization appears to increase through time.
Many political challenges remain.
Political change happens slowly, here.
Political change has to be orderly.
Political change is an evolutionary process.
Political change is an uphill battle, but it can work.
Political change is tedious, involves a lot of calm dialogue, patience and lack of angry motivation.
Political change is the third priority for creating a permanent forest economy, the report suggests.
Political change occurs when new laws are passed because of pressure by constituents.
Political change takes a long time.
Political change threatens researchers' independence.
Political changes can also affect arts education programs.
Political chaos envelops Argentina as a succession of presidents assume office briefly.
Political chief is European by tradition.
Political choice has to be exercised beyond the sphere of economics.
Political choice is unavoidable in biblical studies and theology.
Political circumstances change.
Political climate is interesting.
Political climate is relevant in disasters too.
Political clout is based on the ability to deliver two precious political assets votes and money.
Political clubs form.
Political coloring means nothing from the economics point of view.
Political comment is in the eye of the beholder.
Political commentary is one thing.
Political commentators look for an explanation for the shift in public opinion.
Most political commentators see the possibility of an invalid election as unlikely.
Political commercials look so much like product commercials.
Political commitment is an essential prerequisite for an effective response.
Political commitment is worthless without the financial commitment to back it up.
Political commitment needs to be firmly established at national and international levels.
Political commitment supports national plan development.
Political committees resume quarterly reporting after the general election.
Political communication has direct and indirect messages - indirect is the most important.
Political communication is but one of many contextual examinations.
Political communication is expensive in mass-media America.
Political communism is put into effect through political parties.
Political compatibility is the first step on the road to personal compatibility.
Political competition brings bracing disciplines.
Political compromises are wonderful things.
Political concerns are usually the most restrictive aspect.
Political conditions allow.
Political conditions can also affect the market's behavior.
Political conflict drives migration across borders as well as within countries.
Political conflicts are merely surfaced manifestations.
Political conflicts come down to power, authority, fear, and compromise, and finally to a decision.
Political conflicts open opportunities for criminal organizations.
Some political conflicts result in war.
Political connections are explored, and they form an essential part of the context.
Political consensus is formed through the traditional means of consultation and petition.
Political consequences are entirely a different story.
Political conservatives are nearly twice as likely as liberals to help at a church.
Political considerations are likely to mean only European solutions are considered.
Political considerations are much heavier than the financial discipline.
Political considerations are wholly irrelevant.
Political considerations continue to influence strongly economic decisions.
Political considerations weigh more heavily with coalitions than with alliance operations.
Political conspiracy is any plan to deprive the citizenry of their natural sovereign rights.
Political constraints is probably the most obvious.
Political consultants are disproportionately white, male and wealthy.
Political consultants are the armed mercenaries of modern politics.
Political consultants can aide the politician in many ways.
Political consultants can do everything or specialize in one specific service.
Political consultants like to say that all politics is local.
Political consultants profile voters to spot hot-button issues.
Political consultants say there are definite tricks to avoiding embarrassing schvitzing on the road.
Political consultants try to persuade, but so do little kids.
Political contexts vary enormously.
A political contribution is a contribution
Political contributions are a bit more dicey.
Political contributions are contributions.
Political contributions are likely to be viewed as too remote to affect the statutory goals.
Political contributions can take many forms.
Political contributions compromise American judicial system.
Political contributions dry up after defeat and the only way to recoup costs is lost.
Political contributions is one reason.
Political controls remain tight at the same time economic controls have been weakening.
Political controls remain tight even while economic controls continue to weaken.
Political controversy can also slow a nomination considerably.
Political conventions bring clarity to just about any extended campaign.
Political conventions harm America's pre-season football traditions.
Political cooperation is critical.
Political cooperation is like marriages of convenience between the political leaders.
Political correctness abounds.
Political correctness accomplishes nothing.
Political correctness applies to management and labor alike.
Political correctness can be deadly, fostering favoritism and manipulation.
Political correctness demands continual fine tuning of our vocabulary to reflect more sensitivity.
Political correctness goes out the window here.
Political correctness has no place in the labor and delivery suite.
Political correctness has no shame.
Political correctness is a big eater.
Political correctness is a concept from another planet.
Political correctness is a dogma that allows no compromise.
Political correctness is a dominant theme, but the scope is far wider.
Political correctness is a spreading infection of totalitarianism.
Political correctness is acceptable for the period in question.
Political correctness is an evil that the general public have been subjected to for far too long.
Political correctness is an unacceptable part of our society.
Political correctness is another matter.
Political correctness is apparently the new standard to which nominees are to be held.
Political correctness is bad when it is enforced by ostracism, force, or fraud.
Political correctness is called into question.
Political correctness is censorship.
Political correctness is correctness
Political correctness is correctness.
Political correctness is crap.
Political correctness is dependent on theological correctness.
Political correctness is described sometimes as simply a form of good manners.
Political correctness is discussed in newsrooms, classrooms and around the dinner table.
Political correctness is everywhere.
Political correctness is good manners.
Political correctness is in the eye of the beholder.
Political correctness is incorrect.
Political correctness is neither objective nor inclusive nor fair.
Political correctness is nothing new.
Political correctness is nowhere to be found in the ordination process.
Political correctness is often simply incorrect.
Political correctness is one of the major tools for maintaining that power.
Political correctness is only one symptom of our society's commitment to word etiquette.
Political correctness is particularly good at parading victims before the public.
Political correctness is present on too many campuses.
Political correctness IS ridiculously out of control.
Political correctness is such rubbish.
Political correctness is the coin of today's communication.
Political correctness is the enemy of flirting.
Political correctness is the last thing a menopausal woman needs to be concerned about.
Political correctness is the natural continuum from the party line.
Political correctness is the new orthodoxy.
Political correctness is the problem.
Political correctness is valued.
Political correctness is worthless.
Political correctness lives in the computer industry.
Political correctness meets the bottom line.
Political correctness plays a role, too.
Political correctness replaces instructional content.
Political correctness seems to be dictated by some unwritten book.
Political correctness shuns the use of that handy tool, the generalization.
Political correctness suppresses artistic expression.
Political Correctness Takes Aims at the Constitution.
Political corruption continues to drain resources.
Political corruption is critical to the survival of organized crime.
Political corruption is discussed.
Political corruption is the fountainhead of all other forms of corruption.
Political corruption is usually a charge aimed at developing countries.
Political corruption is yet another unwelcome byproduct of the casinos.
Political corruption remains an obstacle to reform.
Political coverage is a litmus test of the civic responsibility of our news media.
Political coverage is a sport now.
Political crisis threatens to bring down Macedonia government.
Political culture is another key issue for consideration.
Political culture is here very low.
Political culture is human culture.
Political culture is in decay and the legalization of politics contributes to that decay.
Political culture tends to be more fixed over time.
Political cycles are also different.
Political cycles are notoriously short.
Political cynicism is alive and well in cyberspace.
Political cynicism is nowhere more evident than in gun rights politics.
Political data is used to inform the readers.
Political debate can stoke cultural change, and the reverse is also true.
Political debate is all about conflict and argument.
Political debate is essential in a healthy revolutionary organisation.
Political debate is more a question of the stress and focus of policy than of ideology.
Political debate is open.
Political debate is stifled.
Political debate occurs within narrow bounds.
Political debate regarding gun control is a misfire.
Political debates are always boring.
Political debates are debatings.
Political debates are located in television.
Political debates produce more slogans and partisan attacks than honest deliberation.
Political decisions affect all the other dimensions.
Political decisions are necessary on both sides.
Political decisions call for different abilities.
Political decisions can affect condom use.
Political decisions can justify each other.
Political decisions made in Washington, D.C. affect the lives of people around the world.
Political decisions make in capitals across the world reverberate throughout our country.
All political decisions impact the lives of future generations.
Many political decisions have an emotional motivation.
Political definitions are a way people distance themselves from the content.
Political demagoguery is, to some extent, a problem in our country.
Political democracy depends on free competition between ideas, parties and candidates.
Political democracy is a key ingredient in Africa s regeneration or renaissance.
Political democracy is facilitated through Internet debate, polling, and voting.
Political democracy is inseparable from economic democracy and social democracy.
Political demonstrations allow conflict within the safety of a group and the umbrella of an ideal.
Political demonstrations are generally orderly and well policed.
Political demonstrations occur sporadically.
Political deprivation can reinforce economic destitution.
Political detentions are widespread.
Political development is a recognitioin that interdependence is a necessary value in modern society.
Political development is the starting point for economic and social development.
Political developments are powerful agenda setters.
Political devolution is the contrary tendency for large states to fragment into smaller ones.
Political dialogue is supposed to be deeper and wider than at present.
Political disadvantages are particularly tasty.
Political disagreement is good.
Political disagreements are tacky.
Political disagreements are uncomfortable.
Many political disagreements are deeper than mere differences of opinion.
Political disasters are riots strikes or bomb threats.
Political discourse degenerates to citations of mutually distrusted sources.
Political discourse is a legitimate issue in our country.
Political discourse is full of anodyne pap.
Political discourse makes liberal use of all such language forms and it always has.
Political discussion is generally open and vigorous.
Political discussions are the first thing on the agenda.
Political discussions tend to become thoroughly confused when they touch on the Net.
Political dissent is an art practiced mainly in private in Indonesia.
Political dissent is crushed, and hangings and stonings are routine.
A political dissident is a dissenter
Every political dissident is in prison in China - every one.
Political districts have to be about equal in size.
Political diversity is inevitable, necessary, even desirable.
Political diversity is recognised along with the right to own private property.
Political diversity is represented in the present ruling coalition itself.
Political diversity runs high in North Carolina's second district.
Political divisions can also serve as block boundaries.
Political divisions remain intractable when they are driven by unacknowledged resentments.
Many political divisions remain.
Political domination is still the basis of power seeking by the old parties.
Political domination turns into economic cooperation.
Political donation is a contribution
Political donations are common among lobbyists.
Political donations are usually higher during election years.
Political drama is found in last-minute surprises.
Political dynamics is just another aspect of such a cultural force.
Political ecology illustrates the processes by which power shapes the environment.
Political economy fails to explain the reason for the division between labour and capital.
Political economy is a social science
Political economy is a study about the way power and authority develop in society.
Political economy is difficult to define.
Political economy is no longer a moral science in the traditional sense.
Political economy is the corresponding art in relation to state.
Political economy is the union of two fields of study, politics and economics.
Political economy proceeds from the fact of private property.
Political economy represents one such standpoint.
Political economy studies the interplay between the political and the economic.
Political education can provide the basis for analyzing policy issues and economic trends.
Political education is a resolution of the contradictions that agitation raises.
Political education is needed to teach voters how to respond to the outcome.
Political effectiveness requires organization.
Political efforts are still necessary.
Any political effort tends to go towards community rather than nation.
Political elections are comparatively rare.
Political elites are divided concerning how to advance their country's interests in the new setting.
Political elites seem almost as powerful.
Political emotions seem dominant in Florida.
Political empowerment comes from voting and seeking public office.
Political empowerment is an integral aspect of participatory development.
Political empowerment makes up for the shortage of literacy.
More Political empowerment is a means to realize women's creative energy.
Political enemies are sure to seize upon any set back.
Political enlightenment is a necessary attribute of a self-governing society.
A political entity is an unit
Political entities are means to the accomplishment of certain ends.
Political entities develop, enact, and enforce laws that have lasting effects on the population.
Political environment controls the society and the people who take part in it.
Political environment is a decisive factor for trade activities.
Political environment is key to the action.
Political equality leaflets.
Political events are as vivid a memory as the religious ones.
Political events are cultural activities.
Political events are good.
Political events are much harder to predict than economic developments.
Political events drive Jewish disasters.
Many political events can influence the outcome.
Political evolution is the tendency for small states to band together into larger ones.
Political expediency is again the culprit.
Political expediency is never an excuse for ignoring the Constitution.
Political expediency takes precedence over justice.
Political expediency threatens the further erosion of fundamental rights afforded to citizens.
Political experts agree.
Political experts deplore the tactic, but admit that there is little prospect of early change.
Political experts say that much of the spending can be attributed to very close races.
Political experts say that oil isn t a great issue for either candidate.
Many political experts agree.
Many political experts argue that funding is most vital during primary elections.
Some political experts have their doubts.
Political factions are divided.
Political factions are the means to achieve the ends of political reform.
Political factions vie for influence in the turbulant anarchy.
Some political factions don t want to solve the conflict.
Political factors are basically how the government intervenes in the economy.
Political factors bear directly on hard choices regarding rules of engagement.
Political factors can come from both outside as well as inside the institution.
Political factors can thus offset economic forces, producing analytical uncertainty.
Political fascism is physically brutal.
Political favoritism can be as damaging as political oppression.
Political feasibility is the emissions fee s biggest drawback.
Political fiction tends to be pretty dreary when it's trying to make a point.
Political figures are celebrities.
Political figures find their words in the media for almost any pronouncement.
Political figures tend to do battle with the media.
All political figures care about how they are viewed by history, however.
Many political figures claim to speak for the people.
Political focus is based on a case study approach and varies with each offering.
Political fodder is something of an entirely different order, however.
Political foes are shoulder to shoulder.
Political forces care for their own little bit of turf.
Political fortunes are transitory and cyclical.
Political fortunes depend on it.
Political foundation is necessary for securing goodwill and the raising of funds for the project.
Political foundations deserve public funding because they serve a public purpose.
Political fragility comes at a bad time for Spain.
Political fragmentation is one of the growing global risks faced by most organizations.
Political fraud is a lot bigger than political theft.
Political fraud is also the most under-reported crime in Australia.
Political fraud is so lucrative, police believe it has been targeted by organised crime.
Political freedom comes later, as it did in Chile, Taiwan, Singapore and so on.
Political freedom favors peace, as do freer markets.
Political freedom has red lines.
Political freedom is a tool.
Political freedom is certainly an important criterion of human well-being.
Political freedom is non-existent.
Political freedom is secondary.
Political freedom is something on which the world now agrees, more or less.
Political freedoms are even less protected than economic freedoms.
Political gardeners can use such arenas to push the system in a consistent direction.
Political genius consists in a sense of values, of knowing the relative importance of things.
Political geographers study the relationship between geography and political events.
Political geographers study voting patterns or where wars break out.
Political geography examines political phenomena in their areal context.
Political geography has strong ties to political science and international affairs.
Political geography is an interdisciplinary subject.
Political geography is concerned with the spatial expression of political entities and events.
Political geography is introduced with puzzle maps of the United States and each of the continents.
Political geography is organized or studied in three scaled groups.
Political globes show countries .
Political globes show countries.
Political gossip drives the city.
Political governments are bad for cities.
Political greed begets greed of all kinds.
Political gridlock is epidemic.
Political groups evolve.
Political groups have to be erected on firm cultural background.
Every political group wants to be implicated, get a lick of the nuclear ice-cream.
Many political groups use cryptography to protect the identity of online users.
Many political groups view physicians as sleeping giants.
Political growth puts people's property under the control of bureaucrats.
Political help is needed to preserve and protect natural sweetgrass habitats from destruction.
Political historians tend to insist that the ideological approach to fascism is inadequate.
Most political historians tend to emphasize steps one and two as the most important.
Political history is concerned with wars, kings, government and relations between governments.
Political history is far too criminal a subject to be a fit thing to teach children.
Political history is far too criminal and pathological to be a fit subject of study for the young.
Political history is now the study of power, no longer just the winners.
Political humor is a useful indicator for students of American politics.
Political ideas carried along by any force of reason are a lot harder to kill than murderers.
Political ideas originate from a legislature either state or federal, sometimes a city council.
Political ideas pass freely as well.
Political idealism is now just a temporary teenage phase - soon past.
Political identification continues to change.
Political ideologies are comprehensive systems of political beliefs.
Political ideologies change over time making what was once legal becomes illegal.
Political ideologies range from pluralism to authoritarianism.
Political ideology is belief systems.
Political ideology is discussed along with compatible economic theory.
Political ideology is made of ideals.
Political ideology is out of favor everywhere except on college campuses.
Political ideology is part of ideology.
Political ideology is the third method of conquest.
Political ideology is used for people.
Political image is like mixing cement.
Political inaction can turn the political crisis into a fiscal one.
Political independence is only one source of self-respect.
Political independence needs economic prosperity to sustain it.
Political indifference is a deadly hallucinogen.
Political indoctrination has no place in the classroom.
Political inequality remains an issue too.
Political inexperience harms city.
Political influence is important in Tennessee and like everywhere else, it costs money.
Political information is per se more sensitive. . . .
Political Information Look to government and the media for political information.
Political insiders are increasingly concerned about the collapse of support for globalization.
Political insiders handicap the field.
Many political insiders fear nothing more than the arrival of real democracy.
Most political insiders concede that the mayor has no real interest in being a senator.
Political instability breeds famine.
Political instability can have a very negative effect.
Political instability can stop the tourist flow overnight.
Political instability Consider the political situation.
Political instability disrupts market dynamics, which affects the natural flow of the economy.
Political instability harms the well-being of the Taiwanese people.
Political instability increases the rates at which professionals emigrate to the developed nations.
Political instability is a fertile breeding ground for poverty.
Political instability is also a factor in Bolivia, Peru and Ecuador.
Political instability is another possibility for a number of reasons.
Political instability is political events.
Political instability persists.
Political instability reverberates across continents and oceans.
More political instability is inevitable.
Political instinct is usually more important than intellect.
Political institution distributes power and makes decisions.
Political institutions are a shadow of our souls.
Political institutions are a superstructure on the economic foundation.
Political institutions are distinct from other accomplishments.
Political institutions are the formal organizations of people and rules within a society.
Political institutions are weak.
Political institutions tend to be anti-innovation.
Political intelligence is gathered from public sources, such as newspapers and leaflets.
Political intelligence is information collected by the government about individuals and groups.
Political interaction differs fundamentally from the interaction of atoms and molecules.
Political interest depends on media interest.
Political interest remains low even in an election year.
Political interests dominate the private mass media as well.
Political interference is often evident in the choice of technologies.
Political internationalists are hypocrites, however.
Political internships can be a component of the program.
Political intervention is necessary at the highest level to put the government back on track.
Political intervention is the first step in energizing our national interest in the North.
Political intrigue builds quickly to war as Victoria becomes embroiled in a personal nightmare.
Political intrigue can be quite exciting and act as the driving force behind wonderful stories.
Political intrigue includes wars, deceptions, rape and more.
Political intrigue snares a young widow on a Mediterranean island.
Political involvement can take many forms.
Political involvement exists outside the department as well.
Political involvement is a dynamic process.
Political involvement is a means to fulfill one's obligations to society.
Political involvement is still important to all three women.
Political involvement is worship.
Political issues are at the heart of the Christian faith.
Political issues are to be decided by the legislative and executive branches.
Political issues are topics.
Political issues arise in periodization.
Political issues control resource allocations.
Political issues have to be resolved by political means.
Political issues play an important role in foreign policy.
Political issues remain and a furtherance of aims requires a strong unity between Celtic peoples.
Political issues seem to be posed with far less clarity than they used to be.
Political issues shift with increased affluence.
Political items abound as well.
Political items seem to embody sentimental feelings, too.
Political jargon is weird stuff.
Political jokes are popular because they're lies about liars.
Political journalists are on the same wavelength as the politicians.
Political journalists fall for what comes across as a style of candor and directness.
Political labels are relative.
Political law is an enactment process.
A political leader is a leader
Political leaders are accountable to no one.
Political leaders are aware of the situation.
Political leaders are largely are cowards driven by anticipated electoral results.
Political leaders are workers.
Political leaders can be slow to acknowledge the threat facing their country.
Political leaders come and go, but consequence remain to be resolved for generations.
Political leaders continue to strive for peace.
Political leaders decide when our nation goes to war.
Political leaders differ in their support for the European ideal.
Political leaders get a lot of mileage rousing communal passions against other communities.
Political leaders have no recourse but to search for an alternative method to resolve differences.
Political leaders have the right to temporize, to obfuscate, even to change their minds.
Political leaders have to take account of a much broader array of feelings and factors.
Political leaders have two choices.
Political leaders hire professional writers who know how to paint pictures with words.
Political leaders look out only for their own side.
Political leaders make no progress on a budget deal.
Political leaders manifest Satan's desire as soon as they come into national power.
Political leaders pass edicts and goals are set for student learning and outcomes.
Political leaders rely on mass media to mobilise electoral support.
Political leaders respond to the high dans and try to keep a quiet day in their jurisdiction.
Political leaders say a drought is just like any other weather disaster.
Political leaders say it is difficult to balance family responsibilities and public duties.
Political leaders see fashion as a second language that can be spoken by just about anyone.
Political leaders see it.
Political leaders seem eager to sell the public on the wonders of technology.
Political leaders seem especially afflicted with relatives who keep getting into scrapes.
Political leaders sleep soundly in their beds only when secure in the knowledge they can always win.
Political leaders stress issue of equal rights to win votes.
Political leaders using religion and religoius men indulging in politics is well-known.
Political leaders vie to take credit for the longest economic boom in history.
Political leaders warn of the growing gap between rich and poor.
All political leaders point to increased economic activity as a measure of success.
Every political leader is subject to short-term political pressures.
Every political leader keeps promising that education is omniscient and omnipotent.
Every political leader needs a base because sooner or later every politician gets in trouble.
Many political leaders are afraid to utter the name of religion before the gatherings they address.
Many political leaders ignore ecology because they are focussed on short-term economic indicators.
Many political leaders try to unite a country with fear and hate.
Most political leaders share in the general scientific illiteracy of the public.
Some political leaders lead lives of corruption and evil.
Political leadership appears fractious and unfocused on the major issues confronting the Valley.
Political leadership involves more than the crafting and execution of laws.
Political leadership is adrift.
Political leadership is essential for resolving Florida's land use and transportation challenges.
Political leadership is essential.
Political leadership is keen to combat corruption and deviation.
Political leadership is much like religious leadership.
Political leadership is needed.
Political leadership is something to be ignored or overcome.
Political leadership is weak and fractured.
Political leadership legitimizes action, channels resources and holds the bureaucracy accountable.
Political leadership makes a difference.
Political leadership means prioritizing in a world of endless crises.
Most political leaflets look boring and read boring.
Political legitimacy is a subject that has received too little scholarly attention for too long.
Political legitimacy is based on majority rule, supported by both Melanesian and Western tradition.
Political legitimacy is based on majority rule.
Political legitimacy is the clear factor in any of Mexico s attempts at welfare programs.
Political legitimacy is the result of transparency, efficiency and democracy.
Political legitimacy rests on direct election by secret ballot.
Political leverage is power.
Political liberals are political losers.
Political liberalism has many variants, including variant conceptions of justice.
Political liberalism is thus pro-politics in itself, even if sometimes elitist.
Political liberty comes first.
Political liberty is freedom
Political life develops firmly fixed distinct powers, laws, and institutions.
Political life fills up their newspapers, to their own detriment.
Political life is corrupt and violent.
Political life is no longer for amateurs .
Political life is notoriously tough on marriages.
Political life is personal.
Political life is polymorphous and polysemous.
Political life is slick, predictable and controlled by focus groups and spin-doctors.
Political life is subject to strong fundamentalist pressures.
Political life is the way business in a democracy is carried out.
Political lineage buttressed by money helps facilitate that entry.
Political links are the political relationships among countries.
Political literature has an audience too.
Political longevity takes a different regimen.
Political loyalty ceases at the frontiers of radical incapacity.
A political machine is an organization
Political machines resort to crooked elections whenever their survival is threatened.
Political Magazines Get free trial subscriptions to many fine political magazines .
Every political majority is a numerical minority.
Political management forms the basic structure of public management.
Political maps are always a popular choice among a variety of publishers and designers.
Political maps are available for the world and most individual countries.
Political maps show how people have divided up the earth's surface.
Political maps show the boundaries of governmental entities such as countries, states and provinces.
Political maps use colors to represent different countries.
More political material is published on the federation's Web site.
Political maturity is a tricky thing.
Political means are necessary to achieve orthodox ends.
Political meaning varies with time and place.
Every political memoir is different.
Political memories are at work here.
Political memories are long-lasting in ethnic communities.
Political militancy is no longer an option.
Political miniaturization is an occupational hazard for all vice presidents, but it can be overcome.
Political missions are the toughest to create and the most fun to play.
Political mobilization occurs when government overestimates the tolerance of a citizenry.
Political momentum seems likely to replace oil production as the project's driving force.
Political money tends to flow, they said, despite whatever legal barriers are erected.
Political morality is greater in England.
Political motives are irrelevant.
Political motivation can often do great harm, as well as great good.
Political motives are behind the delay.
Political movement is advocacy organizations.
Political movement is movement
Political movement is movement.
Political movement is organizations.
Political movements have casualties that are often left undocumented.
Political movements have victims, and the cause of diversity is no exception.
Every political movement begins with only a few people.
Every political movement has some sort of cultural or artistic aspects associated with it.
Political murders are a form of normal daily life in Colombia.
Political music is immediately obsolete.
Political myths are stories about the past that help galvanize signifying practices in the present.
Political Nation Find out the news from a political viewpoint.
Political nationalists share the same ideals, political attitudes, and sense of future mission.
Political news can be so boring.
Political news is international in scope, although the main focus is on Germany and Europe.
Political nihilism is nothing new, but to see it flourish among moral absolutists is disorienting.
Political notebook is ready to hazard a couple of forecasts.
Some political novels lean toward political activism, some toward art for art's sake.
Political obligation tends to be upheld on grounds either of utility or of justice.
Political observers are observers.
Political observers contend that tax disillusionment translates into political disillusionment.
Political observers detect more than a whiff economic and trade protectionism in the campaign.
Political observers expect both sides in the New York contest, though, to play political hardball.
Political observers say past military intervention has added to the country's troubles.
Political observers say popularity of political parties can be steadfast or fleeting.
Political observers say the race between two homosexuals is a first in Texas.
Political observers say the root cause of the problem is vested interests.
Political observers say the row smacks of electioneering ahead of next year's parliamentary race.
Political observers say the similarities between the long-lost brothers is astounding.
Political observers see great danger in the Middle East.
Most political observers agree the move was pure survivalism.
Some political observers agree.
Political obstacles continue to impede economic progress.
Political obstacles remain.
Political office is viewed as cake-sharing device.
Political offices are about to shift.
Political offices can also prove quite powerful, as explained later.
Political opinions research via citizen juries.
Political opponents are either exiled, imprisoned or made to disappear.
Political opposition can lead to problems and barriers.
Political opposition is forbidden and there is no freedom of the press.
Political opposition is punished by detention, torture and death.
Political opposition remains too strong.
All political organisations are now free to participate in the negotiation process.
Political organization includes a central building and a hierarchy of officials.
Political organization is key to social complexity.
Any political organization needs a program.
Political organizers understand that the important thing about action is reaction.
Political outlooks are broadened and there's an inspiration to organize .
Political paranoia evokes a world where decent folk fall prey to dark forces.
Political participation contradicts the goal of residing only temporarily in a non-Muslim country.
Political participation is a double-edged sword in the adaptation of immigrants to American society.
Political participation is a double-edged sword.
Political participation is a key to any political struggle.
Political participation is essential for a healthy democracy.
Political participation is weak, voter turn- out is low.
Political participation manifests itself in many ways beyond the seeking of elective offices.
Political participation requires a little more than just a point and a click.
Political participation rises c.
Political participation seems to be far from an litist endeavour of a higher class.
Political partisanship is now everything.
Political partisanship is, of course, at the heart of the stalemate.
A political party is an organization
Political parties acknowledge the youth's disenchantment with politics.
Political parties are a major influence in government at all levels.
Political parties are a means to an end.
Political parties are a reflection of our personality traits.
Political parties are abundant in Ecuador.
Political parties are also an excellent place to go for registration assistance.
Political parties are also under discussion as editors discuss where and what to decentralize.
Political parties are an integral part of democratic institutions.
Political parties are as varied as the societies in which they function.
Political parties are associations of private individuals, but they play a very public role.
Political parties are at the base of any involvement in the political process.
Political parties are central to all levels of political activity, debate and decision-making.
Political parties are here today and gone tomorrow.
Political parties are illegal, and elections have never been held.
Political parties are illegal, and there are no organized opposition groups.
Political parties are illegal, the king rules by decree, and there are no elections at any level.
Political parties are indispensable elements of the democratic political system.
Political parties are legal, but no formal parties have been established.
Political parties are legal, but no true parties exist.
Political parties are like neighbors separated by a white picket fence.
Political parties are more important than religious institutions.
Political parties are necessary participants in political campaigns.
Political parties are no exception.
Political parties are now open for women.
Political parties are opposed to any reform.
Political parties are organizations.
Political parties are organized groups of people who feel a certain way about the government.
Political parties are parliament-based alliances of convenience.
Political parties are political movement.
Political parties are responsible for raising funds for political purposes.
Political parties are subject to competitive pressures, both from within the party and from without.
Political parties are the basis of the Australian political system.
Political parties are the institutionalization of public opinion.
Political parties are the very foundation of our American system.
Political parties are usually difficult to steer, and the Greens have their share of bickerers.
Political parties are usually divided and play no role in the resolution of the matter.
Political parties are voluntary.
Political parties are yet to mature.
Political parties campaign for people's support on the basis of their policy statements.
Political parties can be against the law in some places.
Political parties can be national or regional, and can come and go in a single election cycle.
Political parties can die from the same causes.
Political parties can make arrangements about sharing preferences with other parties.
Political parties can organize and operate freely.
Political parties can still meet to discuss joint measures to weed out corruption from public life.
Political parties can survive bruising primary battles.
Political parties change their views, as do their voters.
Political parties choose the man or woman they feel best represents their views.
Political parties choose their electors at a state convention.
Political parties conduct the primary elections in Arizona.
Political parties constitute another obstacle to women s full participation.
Political parties continue to lose members.
Political parties do differ on matters like the size of fiscal-stimulus packages.
Political parties do the same.
Political parties emphasize religious neutrality.
Political parties exist at the local, state and national levels of government.
Political parties exist because of legitimate variances in philosophical ideas.
Political parties exist but fail to represent the interests of citizens.
Political parties exist for the purpose of unity.
Political parties exist on both federal and state levels.
Political parties exist to win elections and govern.
Political parties finance many newspapers.
Political parties fragment and polarize.
Political parties gain power at the ballot box.
Political parties have a crucial role to play.
Political parties have a right to communicate with voters.
Political parties have a special role in a democracy, they say.
Political parties have an important, indeed crucial, role to play.
Political parties have little faith in local police to maintain neutrality.
Political parties have little role to play in it.
Political parties have no business in the media.
Political parties have no right to hurt public sentiments.
Political parties have the important role of pre-vetting candidates for election.
Political parties have the right to choose whomever they want as their leaders, of course.
Political parties have to evolve, or they are in for grievous losses at the polls.
Political parties have too much control as it is.
Political parties have tremendous resources to bolster voter turnout.
Political parties have two particular attributes which detract from their credibility.
Political parties have violent cadres.
Political parties help frame and set the tone of debate.
Political parties help make democratic government responsible and accountable.
Political parties join Maoists in opposing military monarchy.
Political parties list Island depend around the political parties.
Political parties make possible consensual self-governance by human communities.
Political parties nominate their candidates.
Political parties operate freely.
Political parties practice it regularly, as if ever anxious to outdo one another at it.
Political parties produce a few tracts and broadsheets.
Political parties publish their budgets each year for general inspection.
Political parties receive generous public financing.
Political parties receive no government allowances for election campaigns.
Political parties remain banned.
Political parties remain suspended.
Political parties remain untouched.
Political parties represent various ethnic groups, political ideologies and causes.
Political parties rise.
Political parties run on cash.
Political parties seek to get their own member selected to influence policy making.
Political parties serve a number of purposes.
Political parties share much of the same traits of sports teams that compete.
Political parties share the same ideas.
Political parties start to form.
Political parties start to gather information to make their projections.
Political parties strive for power.
Political parties supply judges at polling sites.
Political parties tend to use youth as pawns and donkey workers for their own ends.
Political parties try to use the chaotic situation for their own interests.
Political party is correlated with ideology in the study.
Political party is important.
All political parties are equal in front of the laws.
All political parties are personality-based groupings.
All political parties are the expression of economic class interests.
All political parties collect money.
All political parties die at last of swallowing their own lies.
All political parties do take part in the elections.
All political parties have equal rights for participation in the political life.
All political parties support a national referendum on the issue.
All political parties support the return of refugees.
Every political party is the party of a class.
Many political parties are caste-based which shows the continuing struggle for power.
Many political parties base their political action and program on an ideology .
Many political parties base their political action and program on an ideology.
Many political parties have difficulty in signing up new members.
Most political parties continue to neglect public opinion regarding political and economic issues.
Most political parties do their work on the basis of a party programme.
Most political parties have their own newspapers.
Most political parties lack any vision whatsoever of a sustainable society.
Most political parties publish their own newspapers, which frequently criticize government policies.
Some political parties do well under conditions of peace and others make gains in turmoil.
Political passions motivate most Vietnamese journalists.
Political passions result in murder, and paralyze both government and the legal system.
Political patrons support unsustainable resource use by protecting short-term economic interests.
Political patronage has a long and colorful history in the United States.
Political Pawns have always have alterior motives for achieving office.
Political people are weird.
Political people didn t get the technology or the business model.
Political people wear khakis.
Political persecution is alive and well in America.
Political perseverance is necessary to implement the economic and monetary union.
Political persuasion goes by many names, and comes in just as many forms.
Political persuasion is difficult to acheive, but agenda-setting and priming are extensive.
Political persuasion occurs at all levels, and by all sides.
Political philosophy attends to political life.
Political philosophy begins by asking what kind of political institutions fit human nature.
Political philosophy indicates government is most efficient with maximum individual freedom.
Political philosophy investigates the principles which underlie the structure of a good society.
Political philosophy is a compass of leadership.
Political philosophy is one thing, religious sensibility quite another.
Political philosophy is regarded by some as including political activity itself.
All political philosophies advocate the same worthy goals, a better, safer life for all citizens.
Most political philosophies seem incapable of passing into programmatics and then back again.
Political placards are among the few indications that anybody cares about primaries and elections.
A political platform is papers
Political platforms are collections of a party s or candidate s positions on the issues.
Political players reach into a large bag of tricks to find ways to skirt the law's restrictions.
Political players sign autographs and get their faces put on trading cards.
Political pluralism allows for the pursuit of interests and causes.
Political pluralism is an essential component of democracy, as is the right to dissent.
Political pluralism is another of the principles to which the new nation is committed.
Political polarisation has to be avoided.
Political polarization is a necessary and unavoidable stage of the revolution.
Political polemic is way under spiritual regeneration and morality in society in their priorities.
Political policies are the means to that end.
Political polls are especially numerous, even compared to the United States, cradle of surveys.
Political pollsters contend they can take a reasonably accurate measure of America's attitudes.
Political portals pose two main threats to good democratic practice.
Political positions continue to be staked out.
Political positions shift.
Political posters are candidates' opportunity to get their name out in the community.
Political power can be a positive or corrupting influence.
Political power can be very dangerous without the balance of moral influence.
Political power can only stand the test of time when it originates from the people themselves.
Political power comes and goes with astonishing speed.
Political power comes from the barrel of a gun.
Political power entails physical aggrandizement.
Political power grows out of the barrel of a gun.
Political power is also crucial to women s empowerment.
Political power is among the sixteen elements of community power or organizational capacity.
Political power is another.
Political power is based on deceit and the threat of violence.
Political power is concentrated primarily in the presidency.
Political power is determined by hereditary position.
Political power is discussed in terms of spatial, human, cultural and ethnic geography.
Political power is equal to money raised, and vice versa.
Political power is examined from a national and global perspective.
Political power is legitimate only because the people have authorized and established it.
Political power is merely the organised power of one class for oppressing another.
Political power is more than just political.
Political power is no different from alcohol.
Political power is of two kinds, one principal and superior, the other derived and inferior.
Political power is pervasive throughout all organizations.
Political power is quite another.
Political power is really the game.
Political power is said by many to be drifting more towards the business sector.
Political power is the essence of governments.
Political power is the power of a gun of police, the military, the taxman and the jailer.
Political power is the power to be arbitrary, to ignore law and constitutions and treaties.
Political power is the power to coerce and punish .
Political power is the power to coerce and punish.
Political power is very important.
Political power means capacity to regulate national life through national representatives.
Political power means wealth in Liberia.
Political power poisons the blood and muddies the thought.
Political power seems to concentrate in the temperate belts of the world.
Political power shifts all the time from puclic sector to capitalist headquarters.
Political power violates one of the two great moral, or common, laws.
Political powers remain the driving force behind media operations.
All political power is inherent in the people .
All political power is inherent in the people.
All political power is vested in and derived from the peo- ple.
All political power is vested in and derived from the people.
Political practices permit groups to form with ease and freedom.
Political practitioners exploit the situation, arising out of it, for their own political gains.
Political praxis is a dive into a collective re-imagining.
Political pressure builds under an autocratic government.
Political pressure contributes to excessive funding for wildlife game species.
Political pressure has a lot to do with it as well.
Political pressure is the biggest enforcing power.
Political pressure is the only way to make sure a health study is carried out in North Casper.
Political pressures are often withstood.
Political pressures builds.
Political pressures inhibit meaningful reform.
Political pressures seem to have eroded the very nature of the clemency process.
Political principle is one good reason.
A political prisoner is a prisoner
Political prisoners are prisoners.
Political prisoners are subject to numerous human rights violations while in custody.
Political prisoners are the hallmark of dictatorial societies.
Political prisoners continue to be railroaded into Peru's jails.
Political prisoners have to be freed.
Political prisoners know why they are imprisoned.
Political prisoners lack sufficient water for bathing and drinking.
Political prisoners overflow the jails.
Political prisoners receive very bad treatment in jail.
Many political prisoners remain incarcerated.
Political problems deserve political solutions.
Political problems exist to providing a concerted effort for cleanup.
Political problems require political solutions.
Political process remains in suspense.
Political processes enabled by the Internet is one area for further analysis.
Political processes get also some weight.
Political processes involve both success and failure.
Political processes produce leaders of integrity, fidelity, and nobility of purpose.
Political professionals directories, publications, calendar, state party offices, and more.
Many political professionals acquire advanced degrees at some point in their careers.
A political program is papers
Political programs have no impact on someone living in Quito, Ecuador.
Political progress can never be an excuse for tolerating the law of the bullyboy.
Many political projects turn out to be less than perfect.
Political promises are rife with conflicting statements, to say nothing of false intent.
Political promises go in one year and out the other.
Political propaganda is intended to promote a political party or a special interest group.
Political propaganda ought to be distinguished from ideology.
Political protesters are often just normal people who seek to be treated with basic human dignity.
Political prudence says something else.
Political Psychology examines the relationship between political and psychological phenomena.
Political pull is their to the federal pocketbook.
Political pundits are a strange breed.
Political pundits are so excited that they have to change their underwear on an hourly basis.
Political pundits love to break issues into segments.
Most political pundits see women as the most crucial voting block.
Some political pundits are a little quick to proclaim malaise.
Political purges are quite different from inquisitions and religious persecutions.
All political purpose is linked to individual action through way of obedience.
Political push needed Still, such funds can only be a small part of the solution.
Political questions are far too complex for a yes or no answer.
Political questions eat out the vitality of others.
Political races are generally boring.
Political rallies are a lot like concerts, and the candidates are the stars.
Political rallies are still common in the Dominican Republic.
Political realism is aware of the moral signifigance of political action.
Political realism is based on a pluralistic conception of human nature.
Political realism seems to be the reason.
Political realism stresses the rational, objective and unemotional.
Political realities surrounding the evolving peace process appear to be the main obstacle.
Political reality can sometimes alter itself with breathtaking speed.
Political reality derives from economic reality.
Political reality encompasses sin, death, and suffering.
Political reality exists in a cloud of unknowing.
Political reasons are also important.
Political reasons block high-tech investment from Taiwan.
Political reasons can support any myth as long as that myth is able to exert some influence.
Political reasons seem to have influenced the pattern of economic reform the most.
Political rebellion is here as is spending an afternoon listening to journeymen jazz musicians.
Political reform can only come from a strong economy.
Political reform does indeed seem necessary in tandem with economic reform.
Political reform is also important.
Political reform is an essential prerequisite before an economy can flourish.
Political reform is another goal of the state party.
Political reform is impossible without popular participation.
Political reform is likely to happen in spurts, especially after a change of leadership.
Political reform is still fragile, and many of the changes have shallow roots.
Political reform is thus coupled with economic necessity - that much is clear.
Political reform is.
Political reforms can appear pennyante when viewed from the standpoint of their external purposes.
Many political reformers wish to abolish some part of the unfree system.
Political regimes exhibit more diversity that their economic counterparts.
Some political regimes favour vaccination of young boys over young girls.
A political relation is a social relation
Political relations add fun to the game, but even allies or real close friends attack with impunity.
Political relations are already fragile.
Political relations are good and high-level political exchanges are increasing.
Political reporters tend to be pretty cynical.
Political representation is one.
Political representatives have to be concerned with personalization, decentralism, and charisma.
Political repression continues in Sudan.
Political repression is only one facet of the growing problem of police brutality.
Political reputations are also in play.
Political responses are typically slow.
Some political responsibility has to be taken.
Political rhetoric is often absurd, but that's nothing new.
Political rhetoric is the usual way populists voice their discontent.
Political rhetoric is thick.
Political rhetoric is unacceptable.
Political rhetoric using religion as a weapon is embarrassing.
Some political rhetoric is so difficult to discern, That many voters are left with no concern.
Political rights are fundamental basic human rights that allow citizens to asset their other rights.
Political risk associated with the country is minimal.
Political risk exists when governments are unstable.
Political risk is a loss exposure faced by firms doing business on an international basis.
Political risk is marginally greater for dissenting voices wishing to be heard.
Political risk remains high.
Political risks cover only is also available.
Political risks force a re- assessment of investments by organizational risk managers.
Political rivalries exist between the coastal and the highland peoples of the country.
Political roadblocks are inevitable.
Political safety takes priority above all else.
Political satire can be so original sometimes.
Political satire is hard to come up with when the legislature regularly acts like a Mad TV skit.
Political savvy is another top prerequisite.
Political scandals follow one another like cars off the production line.
Political schemas are also conceptually independent of political perspective.
Political scholars write about the decline in political party unity.
A political science is a social science
Political science affects a lot of different fields.
Political science analyzes the various components of the political world and political outcomes.
Political science can go either way.
Political science focuses on local, state, national, and international levels.
Political science has major implications on virtually every aspect of modern society.
Political science has physics envy.
Political science is a good supporting field for students intending to pursue a career in law.
Political science is a more specific term.
Political science is a popular liberal arts major.
Political science is a relatively new university subject in Norway.
Political science is a versatile degree which can open many career doors for the graduate.
Political science is a very marketable major.
Political science is a vital part of a liberal arts education.
Political science is a wide-ranging discipline with many fields of concentration.
Political science is about conflict and the use of power.
Political science is an ancient discipline.
Political science is an attractive major for careers in many areas.
Political science is both a science and an art.
Political science is both an ancient discipline and one of the most recent social sciences.
Political science is concerned with the knowledge that is needed by citizens and statesmen.
Political science is once again an unconscious instrument of American foreign policy .
Political science is once again an unconscious instrument of American foreign policy.
Political science is one of the social sciences.
Political science is related to all of the social science disciplines.
Political science is the most common major of students who go to law school.
Political science is the study of collective choices among scarce resources.
Political science is the study of government and politics.
Political science is the study of governmental institutions and political behavior.
Political science is the study of governments and governmental procedures.
Political science is the study of governments, political thought, and behavior.
Political science is the study of political systems and how they function.
Political science is the study of politics, usually focusing on the actions of governments.
Political science is the study of power and governance in human associations.
Political science is the study of such distributions.
Political science is the study of the political behavior of citizens and professional politicians.
Political science is the study of the use of power.
Political science is the systematic study of government, politics and public policy.
Political science is the systematic study of the individual's relationship with government.
Political science is the systematic, objective study of government in all forms.
Political science is therapeutic and is often resisted.
Political science is to try to figure out what makes candidates act that way.
Political science is usually very dry.
Political science offers much as a foundation for a career in management.
Political science provides a foundation for careers in government and business.
Political science provides an analytical and substantive background relevant to the study of law.
Political science provides an excellent background for the study of law and political journalism.
Political science provides rigorous training in data collection, analysis, and writing.
Political science studies how public and private power is obtained, used, and contested.
Political science studies the nature, purpose, and principles of governments.
A political scientist is a social scientist
Political scientists analyze quantitative and qualitative data.
Political scientists are committed to developing a body of knowledge about their subject.
Political scientists are no exception.
Political scientists are social scientists.
Political scientists can study public communication, for example, and sociologists study groups.
Political scientists conduct research into government and public policies.
Political scientists consider the form America's chief contribution to local government.
Political scientists divide up into camps.
Political scientists do that, too.
Political scientists doubt that anger over affirmative action is keeping the race close.
Political scientists examine the effect of freedoms and governmental structures.
Political scientists have difficulty making com parisons.
Political scientists have difficulty making comparisons.
Political scientists have varied explanations for the increased polarization.
Political scientists say that few votes are decided on the basis of the number twos.
Political scientists say there is no single litmus test for what constitutes a nation.
Political scientists seek to both describe and explain political phenomena.
Political scientists study a wide range of subjects.
Political scientists study both the theories of politics and how they actually come to be applied.
Political scientists study the formal and informal political processes that shape public policy.
Political scientists study the functions and workings of government.
Political scientists study the ideologies, processes and policies of governments.
Political scientists study the origin, development, and operation of political systems.
Political scientists study the political systems and public policy.
Political scientists think that women tend to favour more government intervention in peoples lives.
Political scientists use different methodologies to study each.
Political scientists use systematic inquiry and analysis to examine political reality.
Political scientists warn against constitutional hurdles and unintended consequences.
Political scientists working in, and trying to preserve, a democracy have to care about it.
Political scientists write about the Catholic vote.
Many political scientists believe that revolutions spark wars by shifting the balance of power.
Many political scientists say it is the other way around.
Most political scientists adhere to a simple model of scientific inquiry when building theories.
Some political scientists are primarily researchers or consultants in nonacademic organizations.
Some political scientists call lobbyists a necessary evil.
Some political scientists teach at colleges and universities.
Some political scientists work as journalists.
Political seats are jobs.
Political section focuses on the bilateral relationship between our two governments.
Political sellouts are a bitch, especially for threatened arctic wildlife.
Political sensitivities are immense.
Political separation is at best a makeshift measure.
Political setbacks continue to put it to the test.
Political shenanigans are as American as apple pie.
Political shenanigans are no longer by any means the only destabilising factor.
All political sides claim victory in legislative scorecard.
Political signs are encouraging.
Political signs cause controversy .
Some political sites are informative.
Political situation changes constantly.
Political situation stabilizing as country consolidates transition to non-racial democracy.
Political skills are part of educational leadership.
Political socialization refers to the process by which people learn about politics.
Political society exists for the sake of noble actions.
Political sociology brings to bear the sociological perspective to analyze power.
Political sociology is treated as the interrelationship of society and the state.
Political solicitation has many of the same characteristics as charitable contributions.
Political solutions are, in the nature of the case, short term, coercive, and destructive.
Political solutions deserve another shot.
Political songs are great tools for organizing and inspiring people.
Political sound bites ad nauseum to the detriment of speech-length arguments.
Political sources say control of Belfast's lucrative illicit drug trade is another major factor.
Political speech is often an important part of journalism-related discussion.
Political speech is that which has received the highest protection in our country.
Political speech is the avenue our Constitution provides to foster political change.
Political speech is the core of the twin liberties of freedom of speech and freedom of the press.
Political speech is the most fundamental speech in our form of government.
Political speech is the most protected speech under the first amendment.
Political speech receives the highest level of pretection.
Political speeches go out live.
Most political speeches are well-meaning.
Political speechwriters are always in demand.
Political spouses do the darndest things.
Political stability affects the investment environment very clearly and causally.
Political stability built on prosperity lasts only as long as the prosperity lasts.
Political stability comes through a moderation of claims to rule.
Political stability has nothing to do with economy.
Political stability is a thing of the past.
Political stability is a vital consideration.
Political stability is another concern.
Political stability is another major concern.
Political stability is essential to attract and retain such investment.
Political stability is good for business, for investment and for trade.
Political stability is important to investors, especially foreign investors.
Political stability is tenuous and there is constant warfare and insurgencies.
Political stability is the key to the island's ability to market itself as a tourist destination.
Political stability is there.
Political stability is without any doubted a precondition for economic development.
Political stability looks as elusive as ever for the world's fourth most populous country.
Political stability remains a major issue in Africa.
Political stability requires open elections.
Political stakes are high.
Political stature has little to do with it.
Political strains are still evident, even between key players such as France and Germany.
Political strategists buy key TV ad slots to air their candidate's carefully crafted commercials.
Political strategists respect Catholic voters, because they've done the math.
Political strategists say that issue can be used to target Hispanic voters.
Political strategists take another view.
Political strategists try to use poll results to their advantage.
Most political strategists assume the road to victory is through the middle.
Every political stripe reinforces a different level of economic competition and freedom.
Political structures are amazingly inclusive and self- monitoring.
Political struggles take place over issues that are defined by the underlying culture.
Most political struggle is based on survival.
Political subdivisions are also immune from liability for punitive or exemplary damages.
Political subdivisions are exempt from paying property taxes under Texas law.
Political subdivisions are, however, immune from liability for punitive damages.
Political subdivisions become liable immediately upon employing any non-excluded workers.
Political subdivisions can buy recycled products through state contracts at state prices.
Political subdivisions can use requisitions or purchase orders.
Political subdivisions owe a duty of defense and indemnification to their officers and employees.
Political Subjects consists largely of newspaper and magazine clippings, brochures and flyers.
Political success is defined by how the parties and their programs are received.
Political success requires unity.
Political summits take place there.
Political support flows directly and proportionately from public support.
Political support is also strong.
Political support is forthcoming and a financing scheme is being developed.
Political support is important for change, simply because everything invoves politics.
Political support is influenced by a number of factors.
Political support is limited.
Political support is needed for developing countries to overcome barriers posed by patents.
Political surveillance is contrary to democratic principles.
Political survival depends on coming through on campaign promises.
Political survival dictates a more moderated tone.
Political swings can take place in a hurry.
Political switches have many historical precedents.
A political system is a social group
Political systems are equally as good or bad.
Political systems are social groups.
Political systems are very different.
Political systems based on religious laws are many times oppressive and against human rights.
Political systems operate under different rules than market ones.
Political systems use metaphors.
Political systems vary in how much they apply the basic principles of democracy.
All political systems are ultimately the expression of some underlying philosophy.
Any political system is held together partly by laws, partly by moral authority.
Some political systems have no effective nonviolent means for the succession to power.
Political talk depends on the degree to which the society is politicized.
Political talk is desirable.
Political technology determines political success.
Political tendencies offer a striking distinction between the two counties.
All political tendencies are to be included, from exiled dissidents to civil society.
Political tension is high causing risk of sectarian violence.
Political tensions can override business ties.
Political tensions continue to affect the rankings in the Middle East .
Political Terms Explore political ideas.
Political terrain is complicated.
Political terror is the gospel of coercion.
Political terrorism has a long history.
Political terrorism is dangerously on the rise.
Political theorists aim to define terms with great precision.
A political theory is an orientation
Political theory can help to illuminate the past and the present.
Political theory deals with the various views on how things ought to be, rather than how they are.
Political theory focuses on the nature and purpose of human association.
Most political theories make such assertions based upon a description of human nature.
Most political theory seeks to combat and deal with the shadow.
Political thought introduces important traditions of political philosophy.
Most political thrillers rely on convention and convenience.
Political transitions are also a major concern of students of comparative politics.
Political trust needs to be re-established for the security cooperation to work.
Political turf is carved up and our kids become the sacrificial lambs of our private agendas.
Political turmoil is a way of life in many parts of the world.
Political types have plenty to get on with.
Political uncertainties make forecasting for Indonesia far more problematic.
Political uncertainties remain, as do the routine unannounced visits from the tax inspector.
Political uncertainty continues to haunt the future of Iraqi Kurdistan.
Political uncertainty is a certainty.
Political uncertainty remains in some regional countries.
Political undercurrents flow through everyone's lives, making the future uncertain.
Political undercurrents run deep in Chinese schools, even Christian seminaries.
Political union is inseparable from economic union.
Political unity can pave the way for monetary unity.
Political unrest can affect exhibitors' mind-sets or even force the postponement of a show.
Political unrest can cause rapid migrations of large numbers of people to new geographic areas.
Political unrest can play havoc with energy supplies.
Political unrest grows daily, as the serfs are continually taxed higher and higher.
Political unrest is another reason that people migrate.
Political unrest kills.
Political unrest threatens conservation projects.
Political unrest threatens the Congo.
Political vacuum boosts violence in Burundi.
Political values are conservative.
Political values are different.
Political values change almost every day and often that costs the lives of many people.
Political versions involve so-called red herrings or straw men.
Political views are a package.
Political views are unclear.
Political views are welcome.
Political views differ on average across nations.
All political viewpoints are welcome.
Political violence continues.
Political violence harms groups and movements.
Political violence is a recurring and unchanging phenomenon.
Political violence is responsible for virtually all the displacement in Colombia.
Political violence is, as the saying goes, the extension of politics by other means.
Political visits are all futile.
Political websites have specialized requirements.
Political whims are fickle ones.
Political winds can shift suddenly and compromsises are negotiated on legislation every day.
Political wisdom concerns the particulars of legislative wisdom .
Political work is a key component of protecting state benefits while pushing for better pay.
Political work is nothing but communicating, constant communicating.
Political work is the life-blood of all economic work.
Political worries can wait.
Political writing is controversial in nature.
Political writing is quite cynical about the idea of redemption.
A politician is a leader
Politician develops or administers laws and policies through an elected or appointed position.
Politician isa leader.
Politician tells truth.
Politicians abuse members of the other party.
Politicians act for reasons that can be wild, whimsical, ignorant, and unpredictable.
Politicians act normal in public while they act perversely in private.
Politicians actually create obstacles to maintain fragmentation.
Politicians actually do something about the homeless.
Politicians actually feel they can perform any act which they desire withour concequences.
Politicians actually respond better to a hand-written letter.
Politicians aim at a political reformation.
Politicians allow public opinion to dictate their policies.
Politicians already are busy scrambling.
Politicians already help point the way.
Politicians also benefit from a puffed-up problem they can fix without much effort.
Politicians also control the sidewalks, which is why they can outlaw loitering.
Politicians also exploit the issue to win the support of voters at election time.
Politicians also have direct control over things, such as government-owned enterprises and assets.
Politicians also make hay.
Politicians also reward their supporters with legislation, contracts, etc.
Politicians also spend a lot of time at each rally.
Politicians also tend to do very well.
Politicians also use loaded terms and doublespeak in order to attract votes from all sides.
Politicians also use their pollsters to find out what people think.
Politicians alternately love and loathe the national broadcaster.
Politicians answer a relentless market of opinion polls and election returns.
Politicians apparently do too and they're the ones who enact legislation.
Politicians apparently favor disbanding the religious councils for different reasons.
Politicians appear reluctant to pledge tax support without first asking their constituents directly.
Politicians are a big part of the problem.
Politicians are a bunch of players.
Politicians are a funny lot.
Politicians are a lot like lawyers - the whole lot gets a bad reputation because of a few people.
Politicians are a representation of the people they represent.
Politicians are able to lie with impunity.
Politicians are absolutely never the right people to talk about family values.
Politicians are accountable to the acceptability of citizens.
Politicians are accountable to the voters at election time.
Politicians are adept in the art of saying what they perceive their audience wants to hear.
Politicians are afraid of being accused of racism or discrimination.
Politicians are afraid to say no to anti-gun laws.
Politicians are afraid to touch it, even though they know a crisis is coming.
Politicians are all alike.
Politicians are all hypocrites.
Politicians are all power hungry.
Politicians are all the same they all lie and cheat.
Politicians are all the same.
Politicians are almost the last stop for gas.
Politicians are also actors, in a way.
Politicians are also at odds over the issue.
Politicians are always concerned with output, output, output.
Politicians are always keen to appear at sporting events.
Politicians are always on shaky ground.
Politicians are always short-sighted.
Politicians are among the least respected people in America.
Politicians are armed and ready to deal with resistance.
Politicians are aware of publicity.
Politicians are bean- counters.
Politicians are beside themselves to cash in on superhighway goodwill.
Politicians are busy competing for power, ignoring the desire of the public.
Politicians are by necessity careful calculators of the public mood.
Politicians are capable of lies.
Politicians are capable of lower standards.
Politicians are celebrities.
Politicians are choir boys in comparison.
Politicians are close to industrialists and their parties are funded by industrialists.
Politicians are concerned about the military's renewed role.
Politicians are concerned about the next election cycle far more than the next generational cycle.
Politicians are concerned with power than issues affecting people's lives.
Politicians are consistent only in the application of double standards.
Politicians are corrupt and amoral.
Politicians are corrupt, fraudulent and mean.
Politicians are corrupt.
Politicians are crooked.
Politicians are cynical and practical.
Politicians are determined to stay on message.
Politicians are down near the bottom.
Politicians are easy targets to criticize.
Politicians are especially adept at assuming that their position is that of the majority.
Politicians are even worse about smiling for no discernible reason.
Politicians are experts at using words that feel good but mean nothing at all in reality.
Politicians are extraordinarily cowardly.
Politicians are extremely sensitive to public opinion.
Politicians are faceless suits.
Politicians are fond of citing public opinion as the basis for their authority.
Politicians are fond of decorously elliptical language.
Politicians are fond of taking shots at Hollywood for churning out socially pernicious crap.
Politicians are fond of using their offices any way they can to get free publicity.
Politicians are full of hot air.
Politicians are fully aware of the risks and want to turn the economy around.
Politicians are generally negative.
Politicians are generally, by instinct, followers of what they perceive as public opinion.
Politicians are genuinely concerned about our issues.
Politicians are good at reassuring summit glosses and the anaesthetic of the daily bulletin.
Politicians are good at saying nothing.
Politicians are good fellows down there.
Politicians are good learners.
Politicians are habitually 'very worried' about one thing or another.
Politicians are here too, along with authors, cartoonists, astronauts, and a bit of everything else.
Politicians are horrendously bad at setting prices.
Politicians are human, too.
Politicians are humans.
Politicians are important.
Politicians are in it for themselves.
Politicians are in part measured by saying the right things at the right time.
Politicians are in the game of being able to give away rather than take away.
Politicians are in tough spot.
Politicians are incompetent, stupid.
Politicians are increasingly unresponsive to public opinion in making public policy.
Politicians are interest warriors.
Politicians are interested in people.
Politicians are just like diapers.
Politicians are just like every else.
Politicians are just the puppets of campaign donors.
Politicians are just too scared to do anything with the popular program.
Politicians are keen to save their jobs as well.
Politicians are known for their rhetoric, as in speeches or campaign advertisements.
Politicians are leaders.
Politicians are legislators who make law.
Politicians are less accountable.
Politicians are liars, cheats, and ass kissers.
Politicians are like a flock of birds, where one flies they all follow.
Politicians are like diapers.
Politicians are like lions.
Politicians are like nappies.
Politicians are like naughty children.
Politicians are like prize fighters.
Politicians are like soldiers and debaters.
Politicians are like that.
Politicians are like the fleas on a dog.
Politicians are like weather vanes.
Politicians are likely to face obstacles.
Politicians are loathe to engage in a process that can look like buck-passing.
Politicians are loathe to take actions which hold down or eliminate coal-mining jobs.
Politicians are located in government.
Politicians are located in parliaments.
Politicians are masters at such deception.
Politicians are masters at that.
Politicians are masters of the art.
Politicians are men of the people, and priests are men of the people.
Politicians are mere vehicles for the expression of the idiocy of the people.
Politicians are merely the talking heads, the frontmen running cover for the world elite.
Politicians are more concerned about their private interests rather than that of the people.
Politicians are more concerned with contributorsthan constituents.
Politicians are more determined than ever to impose budget discipline.
Politicians are more devious and work covertly.
Politicians are more interested in politics than governance.
Politicians are more interested in their standing in the polls than in good correctional practice.
Politicians are more likely to be negotioating trade links than peace deals now.
Politicians are more than willing to follow consumer outrage with regulatory measures.
Politicians are mostly lawyers.
Politicians are much more willing to employ the term than they are to explain what they mean by it.
Politicians are no different from anyone else.
Politicians are no longer the prime movers and shakers.
Politicians are notorious for using partial quotes, especially at election time.
Politicians are notoriously optimistic about risks and the superfund is no exception.
Politicians are now just an e-mail away from accountability.
Politicians are often quite similar in behaviour.
Politicians are often the first to recognize that more is conveyed by deeds than by rhetoric.
Politicians are olds.
Politicians are on stage as never before, creating stories where they're the hero.
Politicians are one big lie.
Politicians are only concerned about getting themselves elected to a point of power next season.
Politicians are only into money.
Politicians are only part of the problem.
Politicians are open to reasons and listen to the differing views as much as possible.
Politicians are our bankers and, as such, can have a major impact on our actions.
Politicians are out of control.
Politicians are overpaid and under-qualified.
Politicians are owned by corporations, and the wars they wage are merely vehicles to drive profits.
Politicians are parasitic upon the pub- lic.
Politicians are partially responsible for their own image.
Politicians are particularly interested in the Internet because of the demographics of users.
Politicians are people who are politically active, especially in party politics.
Politicians are people who get elected by championing popular causes.
Politicians are people who get sworn in and then cursed out.
Politicians are people, and they tend to be more interested when celebrities speak out.
Politicians are people, people lie . . .
Politicians are people.
Politicians are politicians.
Politicians are powerless unless they can take control of the technology.
Politicians are products of the electoral process and essentially reperesent their people.
Politicians are professional panderers.
Politicians are professional weathervanes.
Politicians are proud to say that they are crusading against drugs or crime.
Politicians are public servants.
Politicians are puppets of the public.
Politicians are puppets.
Politicians are quick learners where holding onto office is concerned.
Politicians are quick to blame teachers for the high numbers of students who are socially promoted.
Politicians are quick to wash their hands once out of office.
Politicians are ready to act.
Politicians are regularly arrested, newspapers are closed and police harassment is again the norm.
Politicians are reluctant to anger taxpayers by use of either strategy.
Politicians are reluctant to change.
Politicians are schemers.
Politicians are scum and liars.
Politicians are scum.
Politicians are sensitive to publicity.
Politicians are servants of the people.
Politicians are simply afraid of losing votes by adopting unpopular policies.
Politicians are smart enough to check the voter rolls.
Politicians are so hard to contact.
Politicians are so much better known now, which is good for magazine sales.
Politicians are strange, funny people.
Politicians are subject to intense pressure from vested lobby interests to ignore public warnings.
Politicians are such trashy people.
Politicians are that way, obviously.
Politicians are the agents with their own agenda.
Politicians are the easiest people in the world to set up.
Politicians are the easiest to operate on.
Politicians are the easiest.
Politicians are the glue, and reactive, but they can end up with synthetic thought.
Politicians are the most arrogant, self-important busybodies in the country.
Politicians are the most famous people in our country.
Politicians are the people who start wars in the first place, regardless of what country their from.
Politicians are the power brokers of society.
Politicians are the real practitioners of false advertising.
Politicians are the same all over.
Politicians are the same, whether they have an elephant or a donkey on their lapel.
Politicians are the scum of the earth.
Politicians are the sneakiest bastards in the world.
Politicians are there to be lobbied.
Politicians are thiefs.
Politicians are to be tortured.
Politicians are too busy investigating one another's sex lives even to raise the minimum wage.
Politicians are too far from reach.
Politicians are too weak to take such a position.
Politicians are unable to do it.
Politicians are unhappy that the numbers of uninsured are growing even in times of prosperity.
Politicians are unlikely to lengthen their time perspectives beyond the next election.
Politicians are unlikely to put up much of a fight for free trade either.
Politicians are useful for one reason, colon to be the backbone of our government.
Politicians are usually assholes and lawyers.
Politicians are usually smart people who get too caught up in their own hype.
Politicians are usually willing to make any wild promise and tell any lie to get elected.
Politicians are very fond of pretense, especially the hypocritical right wing politicians.
Politicians are very quick to make laws to regulate and control of the citizens.
Politicians are very sensitive to communications from and actions by constituents.
Politicians are very similar to grass in that they like to bend with the wind.
Politicians are wary of statistics, which is a good thing.
Politicians are well aware of the change though the churches have been slow to respond.
Politicians are well represented in the exhibit.
Politicians are well-versed in online public relations, and Web pages abound at election time.
Politicians are wise to pay attention when their constituents speak in unison.
Politicians are workers.
Politicians are, after all, a lot like puppies.
Politicians are, in the main, quick to condemn illegal immigration.
Politicians are, unfortunately, frequently guilty of using innuendo.
Politicians argue about taxes, government programs, spending and waste.
Politicians argue that it improves communication with their constituents.
Politicians arouse greed.
Politicians aspiring to become president soon find themselves in jail or out of business.
Politicians assure their constituencies that 'something is being done'.
Politicians attack each other, appeal to fear and ignorance, divide to conquer.
Politicians attack each other's cherished beliefs constantly.
Politicians attack, but few are uniquely attackers, or attack so readily.
Politicians avoid pain.
Politicians bash big government as they align themselves with popular spending programs.
Politicians become do gooders.
Politicians become lackadaisical.
Politicians become ministers.
Politicians become powerful because they y command resources that people want or fear or respect.
Politicians become pretty dangerous when they learn the ropes.
Politicians begin to notice that the citizens have been worked up about declining literacy.
Politicians begin to talk about the homeless.
Politicians begin to talk aobut the homeless.
Politicians begin to worry about the homeless.
Politicians behave differently when they know they're being watched.
Politicians believe that they can continue to grant the current franchise.
Politicians believe that votes can be purchased with fiscal largesse or promises thereto.
Politicians betray civil society as they surrender public services to corporations.
Politicians bicker and lawyers' billboards agitate and amuse.
Politicians bid for undecided voters.
Politicians blackmail desperate cities.
Politicians block crucial funding.
Politicians blotch up the landscape.
Politicians blow hot air and wind surfers ride it.
Politicians bow before it, and they ruthlessly trample it down.
Politicians bravely denounce the company.
Politicians bring racial profiling into the news.
Politicians buy and sell favors, lobbyists act as middlemen, and the public gets fleeced.
Politicians call for grading parents on their ability to help with it.
Politicians call for gun control.
Politicians call it circumlocution.
Politicians call that a race to the bottom.
Politicians call, wanting advice.
Politicians campaign by promising absurdly facile remedies for enormously difficult problems.
Politicians campaign now in an environment of competing and sometimes conflicting values.
Politicians campaign promising voters things that they have no intentions of doing.
Politicians can abuse each other without serious people taking very much notice.
Politicians can and do dismiss small groups as trouble-makers.
Politicians can be elected and dismissed, people just exist.
Politicians can be of grate help to bring measures.
Politicians can buy almost everything they want.
Politicians can choose to do all three options.
Politicians can count votes.
Politicians can create markets through credits, taxes, or regulations.
Politicians can criticize fellow politicians.
Politicians can crow about giving a tax cut to working families.
Politicians can cut out the middlemen and the media, and talk directly to the public.
Politicians can destroy their whole reputation with one mistake.
Politicians can do lip service only.
Politicians can do little to change the hearts of people.
Politicians can do nothing but pull rabbits and geese from the noses and ears of their spectators.
Politicians can do that.
Politicians can get away with much more if they have a compliant and ignorant electorate.
Politicians can get drunk on power, and it takes no effort at all.
Politicians can get too much free publicity from a compliant media by calling for more.
Politicians can grab the public's attention in a variety of ways.
Politicians can have a difficult time.
Politicians can have that kind of power.
Politicians can help the process when it is ready for bid and the funding is several years out.
Politicians can hold all the hearings they want to.
Politicians can manipulate the mass media by nature of their position.
Politicians can pledge to make a difference to their constituents by being positive.
Politicians can rort the system and get away with it.
Politicians can succeed only if they are sexually repressed people.
Politicians can survive the Internet.
Politicians can t decide whether they want to make health insurance cheaper or costlier.
Politicians can take credit for pursuing identifiable policies aimed at improving student outcomes.
Politicians can tolerate being abused, reviled and despised, but they hate to be ignored.
Politicians can trust a lobbyist s information if both sides expect to have a future relationship.
Politicians can, for example, impose taxes on Net transactions.
Politicians care about good policy and hire advisers to evaluate proposals critically.
Politicians care about little else except their popularity.
Politicians care as well.
Politicians care very much about privacy.
Politicians catch most of the heat because they accumulate the plumpest moneybags.
Politicians cause more harm than any of the types of soldiers listed above.
Politicians celebrate the First Amendment and the rest of our freedoms in speeches.
Politicians change their positions in accordance with the changes on the ground.
Politicians check the latest polls to discover the dictates of their consciences.
Politicians choose diets.
Politicians claim that the media look for trouble.
Politicians claim that the media looks for trouble.
Politicians claim that they're built for protection.
Politicians claim the vote is a no-brainer a pro forma vote a vote on a little technical amendment.
Politicians claim they are listening, but their actions are few.
Politicians claim they are tough on crime by supporting the death penalty.
Politicians claim they can believe one way and vote another.
Politicians claim they care about education, family values, and the welfare of people.
Politicians clearly listen to large numbers of voters.
Politicians closely watch test scores.
Politicians come and go, and so do disputes over what kind of people they are.
Politicians come and go.
Politicians come here to get down and dirty.
Politicians commonly use promises to get votes.
Politicians compete in order to spend it.
Politicians compete with each other for votes.
Politicians compromise their principles so they can get into power.
Politicians condemn it.
Politicians consider the global repercussions.
Politicians constantly conspire to win public favour, and personal gain.
Politicians constantly haggle about how best to reform education.
Politicians continue to cling to the Keynesian view because it supports their spending predilection.
Politicians continue to favour certain newspapers to express themselves.
Politicians continue to recognise that much more needs to be done.
Politicians continue to steadfastly oppose it.
Politicians cope with it but in some cases bow to it.
Politicians count on party loyalty at election time in order to be returned to office.
Politicians count votes for a living.
Politicians crave media attention.
Politicians create and change legislation.
Politicians create their meaning through division.
Politicians criticize lawyers openly.
Politicians currently are awash in a sea of surplus tax revenue.
Politicians deal with an ever-changing media climate.
Politicians debate changing reporting laws.
Politicians decide everything.
Politicians declaim on it.
Politicians decry the cowardice of the act.
Politicians demagogue about wage stagnation.
Politicians demand it, of course.
Politicians deny the failure and seek additional funding.
Politicians deny the truth.
Politicians designate special days, issue proclamations, and sponsor tributes to notable blacks.
Politicians desire bribes.
Politicians desire power.
Politicians devour it.
Politicians devour news and comment, including editorial opinion.
Politicians differ on the government's role in finding a solution.
Politicians disappear amid rumors that doctors are surgically removing their smiles.
Politicians disavow ties to Jamaica's ruthless gangs, but their histories are intertwined.
Politicians do - they are a breed apart.
Politicians do it all the time and some high school athletes grow up to be politicians.
Politicians do it all the time.
Politicians do it to everyone Politicians do it to make the headlines.
Politicians do it.
Politicians do lie.
Politicians do listen . . .
Politicians do listen to their constituents - they have to in the long run, or they get voted out.
Politicians do never pay, only when they can use tax-payers money.
Politicians do pay attention to who turns out.
Politicians do read polls.
Politicians do see a danger in people liking each other rather than disliking each other.
Politicians do seem to have a problem relating to technology.
Politicians do stupid things.
Politicians do the same thing, staging rallies of photo ops solely to make the six o'clock news.
Politicians do the same thing.
Politicians do their darnedest to screw up an awful lot of things.
Politicians do well to avoid piety.
Politicians do what they can do for their own purposes.
Politicians do what they do in order to get elected.
Politicians do whatever they want to do.
Politicians don t look at class size because it s an expensive thing.
Politicians don t use trains.
Politicians don t want to make people feel uncomfortable.
Politicians don t want to reduce government.
Politicians dont recognize the problem.
Politicians draft sweeping, broad based legislation even though the problem is relatively confined.
Politicians drop in to gauge the pulse of the community.
Politicians earmark spending all the time.
Politicians enjoy hanging around with people who are grateful.
Politicians everywhere are very clever people.
Politicians everywhere do it.
Politicians excel in producing hot air and effluents put out by male cattle.
Politicians exhibit many head game techniques.
Politicians expect to be asked but frequently are overlooked.
Politicians expect to be lobbied.
Politicians exploit situation Democratic politicians are seeking to take advantage of the situation.
Politicians exploit the situation.
Politicians express great concern at the lack of basic numeracy amongst the youth.
Politicians face a challenge.
Politicians face a tough job, trying to represent a public that is of multiple minds on the issue.
Politicians face choices.
Politicians face controversial choices.
Politicians fail the same test.
Politicians fear numbers.
Politicians feel our pain.
Politicians fight hard Political protection for utilities was bipartisan.
Politicians fight the media agenda daily to inform constituents of their views.
Politicians fight to control the media.
Politicians fill in annual statements of 'personal wealth' - but somehow they never get published.
Politicians find pandering to envy a tempting path to power.
Politicians find such issues too hot to handle.
Politicians find such numbers hard to ignore.
Politicians find that definition unreasonably strict.
Politicians fix blame.
Politicians fluctuate their policies in accordance with opinion polls.
Politicians focus on senior citizens and social security.
Politicians forget sometimes that peacemaking is a private as well as public function.
Politicians forget to project a personality to which voters can decide to palce their confidence.
Politicians gain fame by there integrity.
Politicians gain few votes by promoting defence issues.
Politicians gain power in their party by talking.
Politicians gauge the appropriateness of their actions by the number and tone of complaints heard.
Politicians generally do that.
Politicians generally favor policies where the benefits are immediate and the costs are delayed.
Politicians generally hate the process.
Politicians generally like to appear more commanding and virile.
Politicians generally take the easier course.
Politicians generally wind up being reasonably reasonable.
Politicians genuflect to the god of technology.
Politicians get a bad rap.
Politicians get business perks and stop looking out for the public's interest.
Politicians get effective control of the credit-granting function and favor key constituencies.
Politicians get in the act to make sure the public sees their phony concern.
Politicians get much the same treatment.
Politicians get off easier.
Politicians get the reporters they deserve.
Politicians get the word - decision ahead.
Politicians get very excited about alternative fuels.
Politicians get votes when they run platforms on the issue of safety.
Politicians give a lot of lip service to making education funding a priority in Illinois.
Politicians give commercial broadcasters the public airwaves for free.
Politicians give good accounts of parliamentary debates.
Politicians give speeches in Creole.
Politicians give speeches, and flowers are laid on graves.
Politicians go for the swing vote.
Politicians go in hoping to make some changes.
Politicians go on television to gain the trust of the American people.
Politicians go to unusual lengths to avoid being seen as decent humans.
Politicians go where the voters are and they aren t down on the farm any more.
Politicians habitually increase their drug law dosage.
Politicians hate all three.
Politicians hate being scrutinized.
Politicians hate losing votes, but they hate losing seats even more.
Politicians hate organizations that give the public ammunition on how to evaluate their performance.
Politicians hate pain.
Politicians hate to make hard choices.
Politicians hate to see consumers unhappy, especially before an election.
Politicians have (part) arms.
Politicians have (part) body substances.
Politicians have (part) cell membranes.
Politicians have (part) cells.
Politicians have (part) corpi.
Politicians have (part) cytoplasm.
Politicians have (part) heads.
Politicians have (part) human bodies.
Politicians have (part) legs.
Politicians have (part) material bodies.
Politicians have (part) necks.
Politicians have (part) nuclei.
Politicians have (part) personality.
Politicians have (part) plasma membranes.
Politicians have (part) sections.
Politicians have (part) vacuoles.
Politicians have a language of their own too, and it often appears in media reports about politics.
Politicians have a lot of issues to keep track of.
Politicians have a love affair going on with the high-tech industry.
Politicians have a moral obligation to put their principles into practice.
Politicians have a stake in deception because they're always trying to be exposed.
Politicians have a tendency to play on their clouts, rules or no rules.
Politicians have a vision that's only two to four years long.
Politicians have a whole new reason to fear the mail.
Politicians have an obligation to make it work.
Politicians have at their disposal an abundance of opinion polls.
Politicians have company in their concern.
Politicians have enablers too.
Politicians have many demands on their time.
Politicians have minds made up over airport.
Politicians have no business meddling in the marketplace except to prevent predatory pricing.
Politicians have no deterrent for following ethics rules.
Politicians have no fear of voters.
Politicians have no right to charge the taxpayers more than it costs to run the government.
Politicians have no right to complain about their image in the public.
Politicians have only themselves to blame for the low turnout.
Politicians have over and over again used the term tribe to create instability in the country.
Politicians have permission to act.
Politicians have power.
Politicians have ready answers.
Politicians have special interests.
Politicians have such senses of humor.
Politicians have the key responsibility here.
Politicians have three major self-interests.
Politicians have to explain why they vote Yes or No on proposed laws.
Politicians have to operate in a gray world.
Politicians have to play with the hand they're dealt.
Politicians have to recognise that the media is changing.
Politicians HAVE to set a far better example . .
Politicians have to think on their feet.
Politicians have two jobs, to serve the public interest and to stay in office.
Politicians have typically done that, all it does is typically waste taxpayers' money.
Politicians have very short memories, and no long-term friends.
Politicians help solve the social problems of our time by making complicated decisions.
Politicians hide themselves away.
Politicians hire campaign consultants. . . .
Politicians hold public office to help others.
Politicians hold the purse strings and require almost instant gratification.
Politicians hop from party to party, whimsically, in response to subtle changes in political winds.
Politicians hope to ride scapegoat laws against legal immigrants to election victories.
Politicians ignore it at the nation's peril.
Politicians ignore that message at their peril.
Politicians ignore the issue.
Politicians increasingly act on the basis of virtual reality rather than real reality.
Politicians increasingly say that education is at the very top of their agendas.
Politicians inflame the problem.
Politicians instead seek re-election.
Politicians invariably believe their own reelection is nirvana for the electorate.
Politicians invent and reinvent their nation's History to add historical legitimacy to their power.
Politicians invent techniques to get space in newspapers.
Politicians jump through all sorts of unseemly hoops for money because they're dead without it.
Politicians just love it.
Politicians keep current through clipping services.
Politicians keep repeating the mantras of the welfare state.
Politicians keep saying it.
Politicians kiss babies.
Politicians know about all about conviction.
Politicians know better.
Politicians know full well that perception is what it is all about.
Politicians know more about project's social benefits than voters do.
Politicians know that drug prices are a sensitive issue.
Politicians know that race matters.
Politicians know that there is a limit to how fast they can raise tax rates.
Politicians know that, and they know exactly how to do it.
Politicians know that.
Politicians know the elderly vote in big numbers.
Politicians know the routine.
Politicians know there is no money in child causes, there are no votes to tally in such fields.
Politicians know they have support from a substantial portion of the public on green energy.
Politicians know who just shows up when they want something.
Politicians know, too, that the powerful victims groups stick together.
Politicians launch investigations.
Politicians lead busy lives.
Politicians lean toward the latter because the former is a grey area with great uncertainty.
Politicians leap from captious harangues to capricious remedies without reflection or inspiration.
Politicians learn that conflict instantly draws the media.
Politicians leave much out of the final reports.
Politicians lie all the time.
Politicians lie even more than usual.
Politicians like to be asked.
Politicians like to be associated with good works and seen at sports and cultural events.
Politicians like to be thanked.
Politicians like to call for more police on the streets and increased jail space to combat crime.
Politicians like to go back in time, searching for scenarios that suit their wishes.
Politicians like to play with other peoples money.
Politicians like to show up at varmint dinners to show they are of the people.
Politicians like to talk about children.
Politicians like to talk about setting priorities.
Politicians like to think of legalized gambling as painless taxation.
Politicians like to win elections.
Politicians line up calling for more and more executions.
Politicians listen carefully to the context of a situation, and they talk that language.
Politicians listen only to voters.
Politicians listen to advisers, who, in turn, listen to voters.
Politicians listen to parents.
Politicians listen to people who can vote.
Politicians listen to pressure coming directly from their constituents.
Politicians listen to the groups that scream the loudest.
Politicians listen to their constituents, but only if their constituents get organized.
Politicians listen to voters before they listen to anyone else.
Politicians listen very closely to what their citizenry has to say.
Politicians live from one election to the next and depend on voters for their longevity.
Politicians live in a parallel world while our world gets worse.
Politicians live in a world of logic and passion trying to mate.
Politicians live on pure oxygen.
Politicians look at the political road ahead.
Politicians lose weight.
Politicians love a fun event.
Politicians love a good party when there's going to be maximum media exposure.
Politicians love cavorting with winners.
Politicians love crime control because they can run on law and order.
Politicians love good press.
Politicians love meeting celebrities.
Politicians love polls.
Politicians love power and power breeds arrogance.
Politicians love secret plans.
Politicians love squabbling.
Politicians love the blame game.
Politicians love the concept of volunteerism.
Politicians love the corporate income tax because it disguises the tax bite.
Politicians love the power that comes with majority status, but they hate the responsibility.
Politicians love to drop a reference to the living wage into debate about the minimum wage.
Politicians love to invest politically in socially correct, and that reduces their rates of return.
Politicians love to quote Tocqueville.
Politicians love to rail about our poor, hungry soldiers.
Politicians love to talk about bringing people together, but they also win votes by dividing people.
Politicians love to use the War on Drugs as an excuse to repeal civil liberties.
Politicians make a gaffe is the way it's usually said.
Politicians make compromises.
Politicians make false promises or lie about their past in order to get elected.
Politicians make great speeches with powerful ideas that move people.
Politicians make hay by painting environmental agencies as out of control.
Politicians make laws and judges serve as the backbone of the rule of law.
Politicians make little effort to hide their contempt for one another.
Politicians make mistakes all the time.
Politicians make people feel good and say what people want to hear.
Politicians make promises and try to do their best.
Politicians make promises that they know they're never going to keep.
Politicians make promises.
Politicians make such decisions mindful of electorates and re-election.
Politicians make their choices as to where to place money.
Politicians make their promises to young voters.
Politicians mean what they say.
Politicians mingle with zoo animals.
Politicians misjudge public attitudes.
Politicians monitor public opinion on a daily basis and respond to it quickly.
Politicians mouth the requisite platitudes.
Politicians never appear weaker than when they betray nervousness about enemy propaganda.
Politicians never keep their word.
Politicians never lie.
Politicians never tell the truth except when they call one another liars.
Politicians never try to put the screws on people.
Politicians now have the chance to make that peace unshakeable.
Politicians now seem to be scrambling in the dark.
Politicians now take into account the rights of children and adolescents to decent schooling.
Politicians offer protectionist policies to get their votes.
Politicians offer utopian forecasts to justify their gamesmanship.
Politicians only care about making the work safe for capital.
Politicians only do what they are forced to do.
Politicians only look after their own interests.
Politicians only move when there is a lot of public outcry.
Politicians oppose simplifying taxes because they lose power.
Politicians orate, pundits speculate, and commentators narrate.
Politicians ought to be able to articulate alternatives better.
Politicians ought to look carefully at banning the practice of doping American children.
Politicians outline their education pledges.
Politicians partially run for office on it.
Politicians pass laws to increase their power or reward their friends.
Politicians pass laws to make money, nothing else.
Politicians pass laws.
Politicians pass more laws telling people what to do and how to do it.
Politicians pay attention to voters, but contributors get extra attention.
Politicians pay homage to it.
Politicians pay lip service to environmental problems at international conferences.
Politicians pay lip service to it all the time.
Politicians pay little heed to their side of the bargain.
Politicians pay their debts by writing tax loopholes, subsidies, and other goodies into law.
Politicians pick up whatever ideas are around when they are finally forced to solve a problem.
Politicians play games with the people all the time.
Politicians play it ceaselessly and tax rates ratchet upwards.
Politicians pledge improvements, scientists research and debate.
Politicians pledge to wire every school and every library to the Internet.
Politicians point to the stock market's rise as confirmation of the wisdom of their policies.
Politicians ponder decriminalizing it.
Politicians pose with shiny ceremonial shovels.
Politicians position their signs on every street corner.
Politicians posture about it.
Politicians praise religion for keeping citizens on the straight and narrow.
Politicians preach about it.
Politicians prefer accomplishments voters can see.
Politicians prefer posturing to acting on our top priority.
Politicians prefer that their mainstream constituents see where public money is going.
Politicians prefer unarmed peasants.
Politicians prepare to battle a second term.
Politicians presenting shawls to other politicians is a recent phenomenon.
Politicians proclaim their commitment to it.
Politicians proclaim their commitmentto it.
Politicians promise it.
Politicians promise salvation from poverty etc.
Politicians promise to do so before every election.
Politicians promise to provide it.
Politicians promises notwithstanding.
Politicians promote airports and roads because they're government-owned.
Politicians promote training as the ultimate panacea for unemployment and poverty.
Politicians proudly credit themselves for reduced welfare rolls.
Politicians prove to be incompetent to govern.
Politicians quake at their power.
Politicians rail against it.
Politicians raise campaign funds through their Web sites.
Politicians rank just above lawyers as the butt of jokes and the list of professions least admired.
Politicians react to constituent interests.
Politicians read trends.
Politicians reaffirm that state ownership can be reduced.
Politicians realize that confronting an insult head-on starts voters thinking.
Politicians realize that such missions are popular, at least until they go wrong.
Politicians really are people to be admired.
Politicians regularly come at the bottom of polls on the public's trust in professions.
Politicians regularly send up trial balloons to policy proposals they're thinking about springing.
Politicians regulate whatever policies and legislation is going to be passed.
Politicians rely heavily on experts when risks, environmental or technological, are at stake.
Politicians rely on data from polls of public opinion.
Politicians rely on medical experts when making important policy decisions.
Politicians rely on polls more than ever to learn about the needs and complaints of voters.
Politicians rely on that fact.
Politicians rely on the public's ignorance.
Politicians rely on women to be the silent shock absorbers as they cut public services and programs.
Politicians remain wary of racial issues in Grays Ferry.
Politicians repeatedly promise to 'reform education'.
Politicians repeatedly sidestep the truth and use the law to justify it.
Politicians require taxpayers to pay interest on their own money.
Politicians resolve to stop making out with their wives on national television.
Politicians respond to crises.
Politicians respond to emotional pleas to fix every real and imagined problem.
Politicians respond to erratic tax collections by raising taxes.
Politicians respond to loud noises.
Politicians respond to people when they are in numbers.
Politicians respond to pressure from back home.
Politicians respond to pressure.
Politicians respond to the special interests as it is in their interests.
Politicians respond upon what the voters insist.
Politicians respond with alacrity to help earthquake victims.
Politicians revel in micromanaging the smallest, most intimate details of our lives.
Politicians revel in the glory of the caseload drop.
Politicians risk votes for breach of promises.
Politicians routinely employ the makers of such mass messages for their political campaigns.
Politicians routinely lie about political contributions and the quid pro quo given big donors.
Politicians routinely misinform the public by misrepresenting our work.
Politicians rule the country based on the aspirations of the people of the country.
Politicians run on money.
Politicians run the city, and they're whores.
Politicians running for office want to know if voters recognize their name.
Politicians running for office, however, have a keen interest in the matter.
Politicians ruthlessly punish their enemies and reward their friends.
Politicians sacrifice their jobs as legislators in order to enhance their media images . .
Politicians say many things in campaigns they later regret.
Politicians say that gives the mayor little interest in propping up the school board.
Politicians say that violent games are being targeted towards younger audiences.
Politicians say the best tax is an old tax which is familiar and accepted.
Politicians say their goal is cleaner air.
Politicians say they are enhancing competition and creativity.
Politicians say they want accountability, but what they really are asking for is numbers.
Politicians say they're against violence.
Politicians say TV talk shows corrupting America.
Politicians see everything as politics.
Politicians see it as a way of addressing unemployment.
Politicians see little further than the next election.
Politicians see only sporadic curiosity from constituents.
Politicians see the current moment as a crisis.
Politicians see the Internet as another source of government cash.
Politicians see the large numbers associated with E-commerce and get greedy.
Politicians seek out the press when they have a specific pointed agenda to sell.
Politicians seek self-aggrandisement at the expense of the taxpayers and the Constitution.
Politicians seek to outdo each other.
Politicians seem eager to tap into whatever they can tap into to aid their causes.
Politicians seem finished when they appear weak.
Politicians seem oily because that is their job.
Politicians seem only to link the web with criminal activity like child sex abuse.
Politicians seem to agree.
Politicians seem to be among the easiest.
Politicians seem to be coming into a class of their own.
Politicians seem to be jumping on the gun control bandwagon all over the place.
Politicians seem to divide their time between running for office and running for cover.
Politicians seem to have some kind of control issue.
Politicians seem to live and die by opinion polls.
Politicians seem to operate in a similar manner.
Politicians seem to take notice when young people and future voters stand up and complain.
Politicians seem to think instantly about schools and teachers when addressing education.
Politicians seem to think it is effective, and it can be in the short run.
Politicians seem to think so.
Politicians seem to think they are gaining support by condemning environmentalists.
Politicians seem to treat the Constitution as any old document when enacting legislation.
Politicians seem unable to offer credible solutions.
Politicians seize the moment to accuse radicals of sabotaging the program.
Politicians sense that a strange dissonance is agitating their constituents.
Politicians sense the backlash against managed care.
Politicians serve as governors.
Politicians set up tailgate parties.
Politicians shamelessly join in.
Politicians shift from antigovernment policy to federalism.
Politicians shine on TV talk shows.
Politicians shout and pound the table trying to sell their point of view.
Politicians shower voters with tax goodies Tax loopholes are back in.
Politicians sing and dance Got the poor man in a trance.
Politicians single out a certain drug every election year.
Politicians skew their politics to suit the polls.
Politicians slander each other.
Politicians solve their personal problems by killing people in other countries.
Politicians speak but say nothing.
Politicians speak in platitudes and squabble.
Politicians speak of the Catholic vote as the deciding swing factor in the year election.
Politicians spend an awful lot of time talking about the latter but almost never discuss the former.
Politicians spend their lives weathering political storms or scandals of one kind or another.
Politicians spend too much time raising money instead of listening to voters.
Politicians spin for themselves and each other.
Politicians spout lots of flowery rhetoric about citizen control of government.
Politicians start issuing statements with an eye on elections.
Politicians start the wars.
Politicians start wars.
Politicians still buy their votes and still represent wealthy and powerful families and interests.
Politicians still seem to think that women are stupid enough to fall for cheap campaign tricks.
Politicians still think insulin is the cure.
Politicians still wield tremendous power.
Politicians struggle to create foes.
Politicians struggle with finding a middle ground.
Politicians support ideas.
Politicians supporting the state's lawsuit against tobacco companies have a variety of motivations.
Politicians systematically ignore the poor because of that group s low turnout at the polls.
Politicians take advantage.
Politicians take heed.
Politicians take money by force.
Politicians take note.
Politicians take really good care of the country.
Politicians talk a lot about health care reform.
Politicians talk a lot about it during election season, but only in broad terms.
Politicians talk about doing good yet they cut off funding.
Politicians talk about family values, but no one says whose family values they are talking about.
Politicians talk about fixing existing roads and have plans for at least one major four-lane.
Politicians talk about it.
Politicians talk about rationing, but then force GPs to do the dirty work.
Politicians talk about stopping inflation, bringing down the national debt and balancing the budget.
Politicians talk as though cutting the budget is the only way to reduce the federal debt.
Politicians talk as though cutting the is the only way to reduce the federal debt.
Politicians tap into it to whip folks into a class warfare frenzy.
Politicians tell stories and anecdotes because they're much easier to understand than numbers.
Politicians tend to agree.
Politicians tend to be fearful of offending voters, but the citizens fear nobody.
Politicians tend to be wealthy, and tend to advocate the special interests of the wealthy.
Politicians tend to become weather vanes.
Politicians tend to blame the media on undesirable social events.
Politicians tend to get angry about circumstances their allies helped to create.
Politicians tend to get overly enthusiastic about stuff.
Politicians tend to have a time frame limited by the next election.
Politicians tend to pick off one thing at a time, one thing at a time.
Politicians tend to speak generally and go off on tangents.
Politicians tend to speak generally.
Politicians tend to talk about it that way.
Politicians tend to use the term too broadly when they mean everything and nothing.
Politicians there are mostly a cautious and conventional lot.
Politicians therefore curry favor with the waste industry.
Politicians think in terms of the next election.
Politicians think it is a wasteful propaganda office.
Politicians think only about the next election.
Politicians threaten each other with hellfire and vengeance.
Politicians threaten to curb intellectual property rights.
Politicians thrive on attention.
Politicians throw out first pitches at baseball games.
Politicians thus show publicly their subservience to the Holocaust and to the Israeli lobbies.
Politicians tip their hats when they walk by a union hall.
Politicians too have their reasons to fear science.
Politicians traditionally kiss babies and bribe the electorate.
Politicians trip over each other to advocate tax credits for parents.
Politicians try to create laws that help everyone do what is right.
Politicians try to find out what the voters think through polls.
Politicians try to inform the public about the state of the union.
Politicians try to look like heroes.
Politicians try to straddle the conflicting pressures.
Politicians understand and respect broad based grass roots support.
Politicians understand that talk is cheap, but votes are what really matters.
Politicians understand the power of the anti-drugism myth.
Politicians urge paying off debt when embarrassed by riches.
Politicians use ads to try to win votes.
Politicians use all kinds of gimmicks, trinkets, tactics and materials to grab a voter's attention.
Politicians use contributions to finance their electoral expenditures.
Politicians use fear of change as a way to keep the status quo functioning in their favor.
Politicians use fitna in order to win.
Politicians use high-tech marketing research to customize their messages to targeted voters.
Politicians use it as a whipping boy and editorial writers hold it up as an object of scorn.
Politicians use it in their campaigns.
Politicians use it to get re-elected.
Politicians use it to justify more money for prisons.
Politicians use it, of course, as well as political organizations like parties and interest groups.
Politicians use memes for political control.
Politicians use money power to clinch seats, and demagogy to brainwash the masses.
Politicians use opinion polls as verbal weapons in campaign ads.
Politicians use people.
Politicians use religion and religious causes to curry favor in return for votes.
Politicians use research to justify their support for, or opposition to, various laws and policies.
Politicians use support for the death penalty as a symbol of their toughness on crime.
Politicians use the figures as a basis for new laws and programs for underachieving schools.
Politicians use the flag to promote their own candidacy.
Politicians use the phony numbers for their own benefit.
Politicians use the public sphere to generate an aura of legitimacy around their decisions.
Politicians use their enormous power to make ordinary people do terrible things.
Politicians use their positions to garner support through patronage and threats.
Politicians view it as a scary topic.
Politicians View the profiles of today's politicians.
Politicians vote to protect kids with tougher pesticide regulation.
Politicians waste most of their time raising money and are thus corrupted.
Politicians watch polls.
Politicians wear money like bad perfume and a cheap suit.
Politicians win elections precinct by precinct.
Politicians win votes by bringing jobs to their districts.
Politicians win votes while families lose health coverage.
Politicians win votes, but it is their speeches and laws that effect change.
Politicians win votes, while families lose health coverage.
Politicians woo older voters because there's a bigger payoff.
Politicians work hard to get themselves elected into positions of power.
Politicians work pretty much toward unanimity in times of crisis or charity.
Politicians worry about the next election.
Politicians worry about voters' mistrust of their trade, and alienation from the process.
Politicians worry more about who is in the club and how to keep others out.
Politicians wrap themselves in the American flag during election campaigns.
Politicians write the rules to serve their own interests.
Politicians always are years behind developments in science.
Politicians always avow their passion for feeling the public pulse.
Politicians always call religion a mighty force for good.
Politicians always do that, and it is never convincing.
Politicians always recycle old charges.
Politicians always remember Borbori during elections as each vote counts.
Politicians always say what they are going to do but the problem is doing it.
Politicians frequently become puppets trying to earn the media's favor.
Politicians frequently change posts, while public servants tend to be more permanent.
Politicians frequently face criticism because they pay attention only to the polls.
Politicians frequently stage the rallies during election campaigns.
Politicians frequently turn negative questions into positive answers.
Politicians often act no better.
Politicians often ask tycoons for a support.
Politicians often brag of saving taxpayers' money by building cheaply.
Politicians often campaign on moral platforms because they know it's what people want to hear.
Politicians often consult economists before enacting economic policy .
Politicians often develop a fortress mentality, particularly when they are in public.
Politicians often do well in paid and unpaid work.
Politicians often have good justifiable reasons for using state political action committees.
Politicians often have to engage in persuasion.
Politicians often hear that their constituents are getting milked.
Politicians often ignore problems of environmental justice.
Politicians often lie to reporters.
Politicians often like to have it both ways.
Politicians often live and die by their rhetoric.
Politicians often make things worse.
Politicians often receive all kinds of honoraria.
Politicians often run on platforms that make crime a major issue.
Politicians often say one thing, but do another.
Politicians often see civil society as wanting the benefits of political influence with no pain.
Politicians often see environment as being in opposition to development.
Politicians often talk about running government more like a business.
Politicians often talk of how they wish to benefit, protect, or help the citizenry.
Politicians often think that politics is more important than it really is.
Politicians often turn to study panels to handle political hot potatoes.
Politicians often use ethnic loyalties to get and remain in power.
Politicians often use foreigners as a scapegoat for domestic political and economic problems.
Politicians often use humor to prove their point, refute an opponent or simply to draw a laugh.
Politicians sometimes complain that voters are inconsistent.
Politicians sometimes like to make grand pronouncements about the importance of meetings.
Politicians usually jump at the opportunity to do the right and popular thing.
Politicians usually make decisions for shorter periods.
Politicians usually turn on the media in times of trouble.
All politician have vanity.
All politicians accept the rough and tumble of an election campaign.
All Politicians are accountable.
All politicians are Berserkers.
All politicians are bores and liars and fakes.
All politicians are corrupt.
All politicians are crooked.
All politicians are dishonest.
All politicians are either highly efficient or completely inept.
All politicians are essentially actors.
All politicians are honest.
All politicians are in the credit-taking business.
All politicians are liars and cheats.
All politicians are liars.
All politicians are mentally defective people and all windbags are politicians.
All politicians are only interested in power and coercion.
All politicians are the same.
All politicians are trustworthy persons.
All politicians are trustworthy.
All politicians are worried most of all about the electorate, that's the way they stay in power.
All politicians can count.
All politicians care about is money.
All politicians cheat when they raise money, and do favors for campaign contributors.
All politicians deceive the public in one way or another, especially during election campaigns.
All politicians declare that education is their first priority.
All politicians deserve to be watched.
All politicians do a lot of lying.
All politicians favor economic growth.
All politicians have positions.
All politicians have their fingers in the wind.
All politicians have to argue , compromise , and make deals with each other to get things done .
All politicians have to argue, compromise, and make deals with each other to get things done.
All politicians have tricks to make themselves sound passionate and sincere.
All politicians know artful campaigning takes years to perfect.
All politicians know how to play the manipulation game to keep their power base from eroding.
All politicians know that and have passed the legislation by huge margins.
All politicians know that the high point of the wave of job cuts is still to come.
All politicians learn to sugarcoat the truth.
All politicians lie from time to time.
All politicians lie.
All politicians like to talk.
All politicians pay lip service to education.
All politicians pay the price of palaver .
All politicians promise help.
All politicians say they want to help children.
All politicians stink anyway.
All politicians talk about is money.
All politicians use it, no matter what party they are in.
Any politician can take a stand against taxes for the purpose of a quick popularity contest.
Any politician has the ability to make a senseless argument sound reasonable and fair.
Any politician knows that fashion mavens make an easy target.
Every politician becomes easy over time.
Every politician can stand up and stake a courageous stand for marriage.
Every politician does that.
Every politician faces scandals.
Every politician favors marriage, family and improvements in the tax code.
Every politician feels they have to make a spectacle of themselves to get attention.
Every politician has a political philosophy.
Every politician has a prescription to cure it.
Every politician is keen to be associated with campaign finance reform.
Every politician is non-pregnant.
Every politician knows that nothing can replace the spoken word and direct contact.
Every politician lives by bias.
Every politician says 'the internet' and connectivity is essential.
Every politician seems to have a plan to reform health care.
Every politician seems to suffer from that.
Every politician stands for a question.
Every politician stands only for an answer.
Every politician wants to be the candidate for family values.
Many politicians actively promote water fluoridation.
Many politicians agree.
Many politicians also have a law background.
Many politicians are better at rhetorical flourishes than operational substance.
Many politicians are lawyers .
Many politicians are optimistic.
Many politicians are try to limit too much on firearms.
Many politicians believe the answer is improved education.
Many politicians claim our best interests without accountability.
Many politicians claim that they are fighting for the children and their parents.
Many politicians claim their tax cuts help the poor.
Many politicians come from the world of law.
Many politicians desperately try to find a way to appear to be in the middle.
Many politicians do go into politics motivated by their principles.
Many politicians do.
Many politicians fear the latter.
Many politicians find an appropriate forum in funerals because the attendance is always good.
Many politicians have as their top priority the goal of being re-elected.
Many politicians have little to offer voters apart from inducements to secure their victory.
Many politicians hire pollsters to find out what the voters are thinking.
Many politicians join fundamentalists to oppose evolution.
Many politicians like to fashion themselves as the people's candidate.
Many politicians like to say they favor reform, but they balk at taking action.
Many politicians mistake the value of a dollar of taxation for a dollar of private productivity.
Many politicians promote their ideas only to gain power.
Many politicians render words that are the rhetorical equivalent of boiled okra.
Many politicians say they have no love for the system, either.
Many politicians score points with their calls to make government more like the private sector.
Many politicians shade their remarks to the tastes of their audience.
Many politicians talk about structural reform, but all they are referring to is a mild policy.
Many politicians try to attract votes with an image created by advertising and media coverage.
Many politicians use their homepages as a cheap and effective communication tool.
Many politicians worry about that.
More politicians are willing to co-sponsor national and state legislation.
More politicians start as lawyers than any other occupation.
Most politicians agree something needs to be done.
Most politicians agree such measures are steps in the right direction.
Most politicians are for the death penalty.
Most politicians are happy to speak to a group of potential voters.
Most politicians are liars.
Most politicians are married and have made a life-time commitment to their spouse.
Most politicians are more practical than emotional.
Most politicians are on board.
Most politicians are pragmatists.
Most politicians are reluctant privatizers.
Most politicians are satisfied to achieve some form of consensus.
Most politicians are satisfied with making the big speech and grabbing the headline.
Most politicians are too soft on crime.
Most politicians are ugly and unlovable.
Most politicians are, too.
Most politicians avert their eyes and shuffle uncomfortably because the roading lobby is so strong.
Most politicians avoid tough calls whenever possible.
Most politicians carry out their duties on a part-time basis.
Most politicians choose diets.
Most politicians claim to be Christian.
Most politicians claim to be prepared for that.
Most politicians come from a lobbying or a legal background.
Most politicians consider big projects as prestigious and thus politically expedient.
Most politicians do talk the same brand of high-flown tosh.
Most politicians do that if they have taken the time to read some of our editorials and columns.
Most politicians do the same.
Most politicians face choices.
Most politicians face controversial choices.
Most politicians go into races with pretty big credibility gaps.
Most politicians have a strong stake in keeping things the way they are.
Most politicians have no courage when it comes to social issues.
Most politicians have power.
Most politicians have the best interests of children in mind as they promote education reform.
Most politicians have to work hard for contributions from individuals and businesses.
Most politicians hope so.
Most politicians invoke the deities.
Most politicians know that flag-burning is a form of free speech.
Most politicians know that.
Most politicians lie.
Most politicians lose weight.
Most politicians love an audience and the chance to meet new people.
Most politicians pay scant attention to the suffering inflicted by crime.
Most politicians refuse to acknowledge that ideas have consequences.
Most politicians represent the government to their constituents.
Most politicians return calls from registered voters in their district.
Most politicians routinely attack the press.
Most politicians serve as governors.
Most politicians serve their communities for only short periods of time.
Most politicians start off in life with excellent intentions of doing good.
Most politicians support ideas.
Most politicians support space exploration, but seem unable or unwilling to act.
Most politicians take advantage.
Most politicians wait until after an election to break their promises.
Some politicians actively oppose the development of European capabilities.
Some politicians also have direct or indirect links with the tobacco industry.
Some politicians appear to recognize the gravity of the problem.
Some politicians are dishonest.
Some politicians are dreamers and visionaries.
Some politicians are enthusiastic supporters of such a policy.
Some politicians are experienced in the art or science of government.
Some politicians are like that.
Some politicians are scary.
Some politicians argue that increasing education budgets means throwing good money after bad.
Some politicians back reform efforts so long as they include quicker ways to fire people.
Some politicians become mayors.
Some politicians believe that taking a nightly poll is the way to go.
Some politicians believe they ease public anxiety when they identify the demon's face.
Some politicians believes all teens get pregnant to receive welfare and avoid getting a job.
Some politicians boast that they can root out civil rights faster than anybody else.
Some politicians break laws.
Some politicians buckle at the knees when the word ''children'' is used.
Some politicians can be incredibly frustrating at times.
Some politicians dispute that.
Some politicians have all the luck.
Some politicians haven t helped matters.
Some politicians issue pardons.
Some politicians know consequences.
Some politicians like to argue that they support sustainable growth.
Some politicians like to write books.
Some politicians look at cutting state government as the answer to the problem.
Some politicians look to their family for inspiration.
Some politicians only care about getting elected.
Some politicians regard it with suspicion, others with pleasure.
Some politicians reward themselves or their relatives by siphoning money from the public trough.
Some politicians say faith-based programs cure social ills.
Some politicians say legal immigration is okay, but they want to crack down on illegal immigrants.
Some politicians see it as a way to gain Jewish support.
Some politicians seem to have no problem seeing the golden goose slowly starve, however.
Some politicians seem to think so.
Some politicians set up agencies.
Some politicians Sound like rampant frogs.
Some politicians strive to make a difference.
Some politicians suggest quotas for women as a quicker way of achieving gender-equal board rooms.
Some politicians thank their campaign supporters with a post-election bash.
Politicized religion is no substitute for prophetic faith.
Politicized roadways fail to meet market demands.
A politico is a leader
Politicos are weary, drained and confused.
Politicos bargain over agendas.
Politicos deny the charge.
Politicos play dirty.
Politicos snatching and humiliating the child is the real abuse.
Politicos take heed.
Politicos sometimes use the bodies as props.
Some politicos stand to win or lose more than others.
Polity is a mixed regimes which combines elements of democracy and oligarchy.
Polity is about the most useless thing on campus.
Polity is administration.
Polity is akin to the word politics and refers to church organization.
Polity is one of the world's leading social science and humanities publishers.
Polity is order
Polity is organizations.
Polity means form of government.
Polity publish a wealth of titles in the sphere of sociology and related disciplines.
Every polity needs firm rules according to which it can exist and peacefully develop further.
A polka dot is a pattern
Polka dots create a sense of festivity.
Polka dots grace the horns, tails, and hoofs.
Polka music is about partying, plain and simple.
Polka music is so fragmented.
Polka music is wrapped up in ethnic pride to a huge degree.
A polka is dance music
Polka cassettes and CDs on the Net.
Polka comes to America.
Polka isa music.
Polkas are dance music.
Polkas are folk dancing.
A poll tax is capitation
Poll tax is a personal property tax.
Poll workers are American citizens who sincerely feel they are contributing something to the system.
Poll workers are an important part of every election.
Poll workers can sign up for one-hour shifts.
Poll workers compare the file signature with the one on the ballot.
Poll workers do their best to prevent voter fraud and to comply with federal, state and local laws.
Some poll workers say broken voting machines cause problems for everybody.
A poll is research
Poll boosts lethal injections Nobody can accuse Florida residents of being ''soft'' on crime.
Poll creating and starting a buffer as write does and also mmap during write, write during an mmap.
Poll delivers bad news to the media.
Poll ends in a week.
Poll finds support for police chief.
Poll finds support for slots .
Poll reveals backing for xenotranpslantation.
Poll reveals support for park, but voters raise questions about park financing.
Poll shows support for elected Cleveland school board.
Polls allow the people to speak for themselves.
Polls already make the case for the Democratic strategy.
Polls already show overwhelming support for tax shifting.
Polls already show that opinion about democracy is mixed at best.
Polls also can be wrong.
Polls also indicate that consumers are generally willing to pay more for frozen drinks.
Polls also point to an unusually close election.
Polls also show the Korean public generally supports the takeover.
Polls also show the public holds the media in low esteem.
Polls also show voters want some government services privatized.
Polls also suggest that another key link is trust in government.
Polls are a crutch.
Polls are a good thing.
Polls are a lazy way of reporting the news.
Polls are a necessary element in today's sports world.
Polls are a perception thing.
Polls are a politicians weapon and are frequently designed and interpreted accordingly.
Polls are a powerful tool.
Polls are abstract.
Polls are also popular with the average American voter.
Polls are an attempt to find out what people think.
Polls are an oft-requested feature of the dot .
Polls are anonymous reflections of our passive opinions rendered without consequence.
Polls are another feature, which allows members to send out a poll.
Polls are closed.
Polls are controversial.
Polls are counts.
Polls are dangerous even if honest.
Polls are demonstrably accurate when they pose questions close in time to the election.
Polls are easy to create and results are easy to tally.
Polls are easy to set up and provide a good deal of info.
Polls are easy to take, easy to report and quick to digest.
Polls are everywhere.
Polls are for cool people.
Polls are for losers.
Polls are for the media and fans, but coaches and players are more realistic.
Polls are fun.
Polls are in reverse order with last poll first.
Polls are in the first place, only a limited survey of subscribers taken in one day after an event.
Polls are inquiries.
Polls are issues to be decided by vote.
Polls are just that.
Polls are less a means of measuring public opinion than of manipulating it.
Polls are less useful for understanding the public's views on complex issues.
Polls are merely a source of information.
Polls are more important now.
Polls are no help.
Polls are no longer a novelty.
Polls are notorious for eliciting false information and sex surveys in particular.
Polls are notoriously fickle things.
Polls are now the leading method to tap public opinion.
Polls are often pernicious.
Polls are often quite accurate as snapshots.
Polls are only the tip of the opinion surveys iceberg.
Polls are open to anyone who visits the site.
Polls are parrots.
Polls are part of cows.
Polls are part of horses.
Polls are part of the election process.
Polls are polls.
Polls are positions.
Polls are searchable and listed chronologically.
Polls are simply reflections of what people think.
Polls are snapshots in time.
Polls are snapshots.
Polls are so much more.
Polls are to open at sunrise and close at sunset.
Polls are tops.
Polls are unlikely to be improved enough to help with policy choices.
Polls are unreal.
Polls are unscientific.
Polls are used for collect information.
Polls are vital to obtain percentages of participation in specific topics of discussion.
Polls ask visitors to vote on outdoor and preservation issues.
Polls bear that out.
Polls Below are the results to our previous poll.
Polls bring up more questions than they do answers.
Polls call the contest a draw, and both candidates get called on their errors.
Polls call the race dead even.
Polls can also be dangerous when they fall into the hands of mathematically challenged journalists.
Polls can be a two edged sword.
Polls can be interesting and fun.
Polls can be so boring.
Polls can be useful in spotting trends.
Polls can be wildly inaccurate.
Polls can be wrong.
Polls can be, and often are, wrong.
Polls can change overnight.
Polls can change quickly depending on New Hampshire's results.
Polls can close a tad early or a tad late.
Polls can only give an imprecise view of the past rather than accurately predict the future.
Polls change daily.
Polls change every month.
Polls change weekly.
Polls clash on support for free trade .
Polls close at midnight tonight.
Polls close in two hours.
Polls Come here and take polls.
Polls Come in to take polls or create one.
Polls come out every day.
Polls come up during videos and results are compiled immediately.
Polls confirm Madrid's theory.
Polls consistently document the support for Mexican wolf reintroduction, even in rural areas.
Polls consistently find voter support for smaller classes.
Polls consistently place privacy among Internet users' foremost concerns.
Polls consistently rank health care reform as the second or third most important issue to voters.
Polls consistently reveal that virtue and ethics are issues of top concern.
Polls consistently show blacks siding with pro-lifers.
Polls consistently show that environmentalism still commands broad support in the United States.
Polls consistently show that health care is the top issue in the minds of voters across the country.
Polls consistently show that high-energy prices have become a major concern for the electorate.
Polls consistently show that parents want their kids to be safe and known by school staff.
Polls consistently show that people trust their local governments more than any other.
Polls consistently show that voters put a higher priority on paying down the national debt.
Polls consistently show the American people badly want lower immigration.
Polls consistently show the environment to be an important issue to a majority of Washington voters.
Polls consistently show the Illinois public wants clean energy.
Polls consistently show the measure is popular with voters.
Polls consistently show two-thirds opposing legislation to dump the penny.
Polls continue to show a significant shift in concern from fiscal to social deficits.
Polls continue to show extremely high black approval ratings for the president.
Polls continue to show that people who know someone gay are more accepting of gay issues.
Polls create what public opinion is.
Polls demonstrate by and large that skiers are an environmentally concerned group.
Polls differ considerably in their findings regarding intercommunal relations.
Polls distort the political process and turn it into a circus.
Polls do intrude on elections.
Polls eliminate risk and provide alibis.
Polls encourage insincerity, divisiveness and hate mongering.
Polls end without starting.
Polls exist more to addle a choice than energize one.
Polls find that the more education people have, the fewer their religious convictions.
Polls Get feedback and opinions.
Polls Get instant feedback from site visitors.
Polls Get member feedback on ideal dates to organise an event.
Polls get people to talk, and it makes for great debates.
Polls give a hidden X-ray needed to forecast voter behavior.
Polls go down.
Polls go up.
Polls have difficulty measuring the intensity factor.
Polls have equal number of voters.
Polls have in fact become an extension of public relations.
Polls have margins of error, often of several percentage points.
Polls have no predetermined duration.
Polls have shown education is the single most important issue in the eyes of the electorate.
Polls help explain the large disparities in health-care subsidies.
Polls help measure the degree of public confusion.
Polls help the political class to scientifically pander to the voters.
Polls increasingly say they do.
Polls indicate a rampant apathy and indifference on the part of the electorate.
Polls indicate a very close race.
Polls indicate as many as two-thirds of the people want fewer immigrants.
Polls indicate how people feel about a candidate.
Polls indicate strong public support for some school choice programs.
Polls indicate that both are right.
Polls indicate that even in the United States two-thirds of the population support the world body.
Polls indicate that measure is trailing.
Polls indicate that millions of shoppers are eager to buy recycled-content products.
Polls indicate that most wrestling fans don t care.
Polls indicate that people go to church to be motivated to live good lives and be successful.
Polls indicate that such matters are very much on their minds.
Polls indicate that the majority of the American people are against the procedure.
Polls indicate that the majority of the Caribbean population is in favour of capital punishment.
Polls indicate that the public agrees.
Polls indicate that the public is intensely interested in alternative medicine.
Polls indicate that voters are almost evenly divided on whether the country is on the right track.
Polls indicate the occupation is highly unpopular.
Polls indicate the public agrees.
Polls influence policy decisions in government.
Polls invariably show that women believe that breast cancer is their biggest killer.
Polls is designed to provide an avenue for the public to express their opinion.
Polls located in majority Mexican areas run out of ballots during an election.
Polls measure averages.
Polls meet only the final condition.
Polls now drive elections because there is money to spend on polls.
Polls now indicate the race was never close.
Polls offer little evidence of that now, however.
Polls offer quantitative security and only occasionally qualitative creativity.
Polls open at school.
Polls open at various times, depending on the district.
Polls outlining attitudes towards government action are usually a good hint of who is going to win.
Polls place journalists at the bottom in public respect.
Polls place the proportion of households owning stock through any means at around half.
Polls predict a large Arab turnout.
Polls predict the winners and losers.
Polls provide a better idea of acceptance of newspaper policies.
Polls provide the framework on which the stories hang.
Polls purport to show people favor increased spending on social programs rather than tax cuts.
Polls range from entertainment, news and politics to sports.
Polls really don t show any real change.
Polls register high levels of disatisfaction with government and politicians alike.
Polls reinforce that.
Polls report that fewer than one-fifth of the citizens trust their police or judges.
Polls reveal a deep public unease towards the globalization of business and the economy.
Polls reveal conflicting attitudes toward abortion in our nation.
Polls reveal less about public attitudes than observations of their actual behavior.
Polls reveal who is leading at a certain point in the race.
Polls routinely find that the majority of parents think it is acceptable to smack their children.
Polls say enough.
Polls say 'enough'.
Polls say it's behind.
Polls say most Scots and most English expect Scotland to leave the UK for complete independence.
Polls say that about three-fourths of the American people support it.
Polls say that people think the number one problem in America today is a loss of moral standards.
Polls say that people want rail transit.
Polls say that the public feels increasingly distant from politics, especially in Washington.
Polls say the effect is negligible.
Polls say the outcome is close.
Polls See what the pollsters predict for the election outcome.
Polls show a bitter social divide.
Polls show a close race on it there.
Polls show a complex picture of public attitudes.
Polls show a continued decline in the confidence that citizens have in government and politicians.
Polls show a high level of support for vouchers, particularly among African-American families.
Polls show a likely ma- jority against.
Polls show a majority against adopting the euro.
Polls show a sizable drop in public support for capital punishment.
Polls show a statistical dead heat.
Polls show a tight race.
Polls show a very close race shaping up . . .
Polls show an overwhelming number of young adults want to get married and disapprove of divorce.
Polls show anger over junk email a close second only to privacy among top online consumer concerns.
Polls show both ahead.
Polls show citizen support for such a measure in that state is overwhelming.
Polls show citizens, by large majorities, want religion's influence on American public life to grow.
Polls show considerable doubts among consumers about GMOs already.
Polls show considerable support for allowing same-sex marriage here.
Polls show consumers are more concerned about online privacy than healthcare, crime and taxes.
Polls show continued public support for the death penalty.
Polls show education is Alabama voters' top concern.
Polls show far greater support for enlargement.
Polls show further that three-quarters of the public finds television entertainment too violent.
Polls show growing majorities favouring new gun controls.
Polls show huge interest in 'single issue' politics and in big political ideas.
Polls show incumbents are faring better.
Polls show it is likely to get the largest single bloc of votes.
Polls show it, newspaper editorials reflect it, and legislative initiatives mirror it.
Polls show it.
Polls show it's a tossup in the upcoming primaries in South Carolina and Michigan.
Polls show little movement in public opinion.
Polls show many people feel a deep anxiety about the future.
Polls show many voters looking into Norwegian citizenship.
Polls show more conservatism on abortion than was seen a decade ago.
Polls show most expect the territory to be given up.
Polls show most supporters of the death penalty agree.
Polls show most urban parents want the right to choose the schools for their children.
Polls show nearly two-thirds of voters care more about issues than character or experience.
Polls show no public enthusiasm for curbing the movement.
Polls show opinion on abortion, though still conflicted, is heading in a pro-life direction.
Polls show overwhelming support for Michigan's welfare reform strategy .
Polls show overwhelming support.
Polls show people hate the look of West minster, the ranting, strutting and posturing.
Polls show people warming to the idea.
Polls show public confidence in government at record lows, as well.
Polls show public confidence in the school district has dropped significantly.
Polls show public sentiment is increasingly anti-corporate.
Polls show public support plunging fast.
Polls show significant support for giving police rubber bullets at future demonstrations.
Polls show strong public support for higher fuel standards .
Polls show strong support for restraining Arizona's rapid growth.
Polls show support for resignation or impeachment if perjury is proved.
Polls show Texas governor has the edge.
Polls show that a large majority of the U.S. public continues to support peacekeeping.
Polls show that a majority of blacks support vouchers.
Polls show that a majority of Internet users dislike spam.
Polls show that a majority of the public supports a ban.
Polls show that a majority of voters want censure and a quick end to the proceedings.
Polls show that a perceived lack of security is foremost among the concerns of passengers.
Polls show that access to insurance is among the most important issues for voters.
Polls show that at least two thirds of businesses oppose joining the euro.
Polls show that Black parents hate busing.
Polls show that black people believe they have friends and enemies in all colors.
Polls show that California citizens are predisposed to improve the environment.
Polls show that crime is the number one issue of public concern.
Polls show that education is the most important issue to the American people.
Polls show that gun slaughter, particularly of children, rates high among women's concerns.
Polls show that heavily union districts have occasionally gone to the Republican candidate.
Polls show that local residents oppose it as well.
Polls show that many also believe the nation is in a period of spiritual decline.
Polls show that more Irish people are now inclined to do so.
Polls show that more people favor protecting the environment than developing it.
Polls show that most Millennial teens share their parents' values.
Polls show that most people are opposed to the way animals are farmed once they learn the details.
Polls show that most people feel pretty well off today, but are worried about six months from now.
Polls show that most people still get most of their news from television.
Polls show that most people still support the concept.
Polls show that most people want to live their lives in a way that is easier on the environment.
Polls show that most voters consider a tax cut to be a fairly low priority.
Polls show that new immigrants feel closer to and better integrated into Israeli society.
Polls show that people increasingly believe the Internet is a threat to national security.
Polls show that people, especially younger ones, are initially attracted to privatization.
Polls show that people, worried about turmoil abroad and jobs at home, are wary of military cuts.
Polls show that seniors strongly defend their interests.
Polls show that such set-aside days are understandably popular with teachers.
Polls show that support for medicinal marijuana use is rising.
Polls show that support for missile defense is closely tied to the costs involved.
Polls show that support is dropping.
Polls show that the American people are pretty nearly evenly split on the question.
Polls show that the American people support a strong, federally enforced safety and health program.
Polls show that the American public overwhelmingly supports increased funding for education.
Polls show that the Conservative party has pulled ahead on the issue.
Polls show that the election is too close to call in most areas of the country.
Polls show that the idea is unpopular.
Polls show that the measure has a good chance of passing.
Polls show that the public is still pretty indifferent to a big tax cut.
Polls show that the public takes a dramatically different view.
Polls show that the shrinking numbers of undecided voters are women.
Polls show that they want unions, and, in fact, are quick to vote in favor when given the chance.
Polls show that three out of five adult Democrats admit to having had a Republican experience.
Polls show that today more minorities own businesses than ever before.
Polls show that today's kids' biggest worries grades and college admissions.
Polls show that union members want their unions to be politically active.
Polls show that virtually no political leaders here are trusted.
Polls show that voters overwhelmingly support the measure.
Polls show that women are strong union supporters.
Polls show that women want to keep the safety net, for example.
Polls show that xenophobic discourses have a large impact on a significant portion of society.
Polls show the American people are fed up with quotas.
Polls show the coalition's popularity plunging as prices rise.
Polls show the contest is still neck and neck.
Polls show the country about evenly split on the talks.
Polls show the decision on a knife-edge.
Polls show the Democratic national ticket way ahead in the Empire State.
Polls show the election to be very close.
Polls show the governing party is unpopular.
Polls show the legislation is broadly popular.
Polls show the mayor is running slightly ahead of the first lady.
Polls show the measure enjoys overwhelming support in Maine.
Polls show the Missouri vote close, with one recent poll giving the gun lobby a slight edge.
Polls show the pair locked in a statistical dead heat.
Polls show the people care deeply about the state of our schools.
Polls show the presidential race is close.
Polls show the presidential race virtually even.
Polls show the public here slightly in favor of the talks.
Polls show the public is conflicted.
Polls show the public supports a constitutional amendment for voluntary school prayer.
Polls show the race between the two is tight in the state.
Polls show the race dead even.
Polls show the race in a dead heat.
Polls show the race is tight.
Polls show the race is too close to call.
Polls show the Texas governor is strong in the south.
Polls show the Texas governor is strong in the South.
Polls show the two about even when people are asked who they trust on guns.
Polls show the two candidates in a virtual dead heat in the primary, which is open to all voters.
Polls show the United States as one of the world's most religiously observant nations in the world.
Polls show there is still considerable resistance to change.
Polls show there is strong popular support for ratification.
Polls show they see selfishness as the major cause of the nation's problems.
Polls show three-fourths of the state's voters supporting it.
Polls show very few conservative members of the Hollywood elite.
Polls show voters are most interested in education, health care, the economy and public safety.
Polls show voters are still against the proposed stadium tax.
Polls show voters are tired of the presidential impeachment process and are glad it's over.
Polls show widespread support for the medical use of marijuana.
Polls shows Liberals set for third majority .
Polls similarly indicate that Catholic views on abortion are far from monolithic.
Polls simplify the drama for the media.
Polls suggest a big majority still favours unification, but disillusionment is widespread.
Polls suggest a tightening contest.
Polls suggest more employees feel insecure than in the past.
Polls suggest that most welcome American aid.
Polls suggest that religion is increasingly coming into the spotlight in the United States.
Polls suggest that the Democratic ticket is strong in the state.
Polls suggest that the policy-makers are wrong.
Polls suggest that the vice president is right.
Polls suggest that's what the public wants, too.
Polls suggest there was widespread disapproval of the banks' plans.
Polls support a third concern for the future.
Polls surge, history salutes, civilians die.
Polls Take a variety of polls on religious, philosophical and political issues.
Polls then show people to be worried.
Polls Turn visitors into voters.
Polls undermine the backlash theory.
Polls work best when people know what they want.
Polls often create their own public opinion.
Polls often give the wrong impression in other mattters as well, for eg.
Polls often underestimate the strength of non- nationalist support.
Polls usually have rather small sample sizes.
ALL polls are always completely anonymous.
All polls are within the margin of error.
All Polls Click on poll question below to see results for that poll.
All polls have room for errors.
All polls seem to choose inflammatory subjects.
Any poll has a margin of error.
Any poll is influenced by who is questioned and what questions they are asked.
Every poll also comes with a free message area .
Every poll comes up with the same answer from the people.
Every poll has a margin of error.
Every poll has someone ahead by a point or two, well within the margin of error, obviously.
Every poll indicates the public had enough long ago.
Every poll is biased.
Every poll says that.
Every poll shows privacy as one of the top reasons people are reluctant to shop online.
Many polls also reveal a majority of respondents view the cuts as largely benefiting the wealthy.
Many polls appear on the Internet and are answered to by self-selected individuals.
Many polls echo the businessman's views.
Many polls find the two candidates in a virtual deadlock.
Many polls undermine the backlash theory.
Most polls are incredibly stupid, either in questions asked or samples taken.
Most polls are reasonably accurate snapshots if the sample is large enough and randomly selected.
Most polls do show that the public desires changes to a broken system.
Most polls have a margin of error of about four or five percentage points.
Most polls have the proposal passing by a small margin.
Most polls now show a statistical dead heat in the race.
Most polls rely on random or scientific sampling for their validity.
Most polls say the race is too close to call.
Most polls show that young people aren t exercising their right to the vote.
Most polls show the race is close.
Some polls also offer a space for additional comments.
Some polls are national samples, others are California samples.
Some polls begin to reflect presidential fall-out.
Some polls do influence political decision making.
Some polls show as membership has risen, so has dissatisfaction with managed care.
Some polls show strong disapproval for any product, while others recommend more research.
Some polls show that consumers are more worried about tainted meat than violent crime.
Some polls show the Texas governor leading, while the consensus is that the race is tight.
Some polls use a voting machine.
Some polls use registered voters and others use likely voters.
Pollard willows are a common sight along roads and fields throughout the northern parts of Europe.
A pollard is a ruminant
Pollard becomes eligible for parole in the fall.
Pollard can be maddening and compelling in the same song.
Pollard is immediately on the left.
Pollard lets out a long sigh before starting again.
Pollard notes that it is only as effective as the people in the pews and dioceses allow it to be.
Pollard still has more music to make, and it just keeps getting better.
Pollard yells out a headline and they make up a song on the spot based on it.
Pollards also feature in hedgerows and old boundaries, and along rivers.
Pollards are ruminants.
Pollards are trees.
All polled loops are subject to varying degrees of latency.
Polled mode waits for an application to explicitly request a frame.
Pollen allergies are more a risk for hay fever.
Pollen allergies can cause a condition called seasonal allergic conjunctivitis.
Pollen allergies can make eyes itchy, red, and watery.
Pollen allergy is among the major topics in aeropalynology.
Pollen allergy is one of the most common chronic diseases in the United States.
Most pollen allergies are respiratory, affecting the nose, eyes, mouth and breathing.
Pollen analyses are also well-suited for the elucidation of the late past of floral history.
Pollen analysis is a major source of information about past climates.
Pollen analysis is especially valuable, where it's feasible.
Pollen analysis reveals murder season.
Pollen analysis suggests the existencc of a temperate climate with a seasonal nature.
Pollen bees pollinate plants.
Pollen bees provide an alternative to honey bees, which face danger on at least two fronts.
Most pollen bees pollinate plants.
Pollen cones are bluish.
Pollen cones are dark red.
Pollen cones are small and reddish.
A pollen count is a count
Pollen counts are also commonly high during dry, windy afternoons.
Pollen counts are also generally lower during and right after rain falls or on cool, cloudy days.
Pollen counts are also higher in the early morning and late evening.
Pollen counts are also low on rainy days, when humidity is high and when temperatures are cool.
Pollen counts are at their highest during early-morning hours and at dusk.
Pollen counts are counts.
Pollen counts are highest in the early morning hours.
Pollen counts are low after rain.
Pollen counts are lowest during and right after a rainfall or on cool, cloudy days.
Pollen counts are lowest during chilly, wet periods.
Pollen counts are lowest for an hour or two after a hard rain.
Pollen counts are the highest in the early morning on dry, breezy, warm days.
Pollen counts are usually at their highest in the morning and on dry and windy days.
Pollen counts are usually down in the afternoon, evening and night as well as after a rain.
Pollen counts are usually highest in the morning and lowest during wet weather.
Pollen counts are usually lower on cold, wet or dull days and immediately after rain.
Pollen counts fall in the evening as the air cools.
Pollen counts measure how much pollen is in the air.
Pollen counts tend to be higher during early morning and late afternoon hours.
Pollen counts tend to be highest early in the morning on warm, dry, breezy days.
Pollen drift is uncontrollable.
Pollen drift poses a dilemma for individual farmers and the industry as a whole.
Pollen germination depends upon the presence of sucrose, calcium, and boron.
Pollen germination is good.
Pollen germination takes places.
Most pollen germination takes places.
Pollen grain absorbs water from stigma by osmosis.
Pollen grain comes from flower plants.
Pollen grain comes from plants.
Pollen grain comes in contact.
Pollen grain contains kernels.
Pollen grain contains nutrients.
Pollen grain germinates on the stigma and begins to form a pollen tube which extends into the ovule.
Pollen grain germinates on the stigma.
Pollen grain has circular pores.
Pollen grain has functions.
Pollen grain has pores.
Pollen grain has small circular pores.
Pollen grain has small pores.
Pollen grain has surfaces.
Pollen grain is gametophytes.
Pollen grain is produced by plants.
Pollen grains aperturate.
Pollen grains are capable of producing sperm, the male sex cells.
Pollen grains are captured in watery droplets exuded by each ovule.
Pollen grains are carried to stigma of another flower.
Pollen grains are covered with a tough coat containing sporopollenin.
Pollen grains are found on the anther, which is at the end of the filament.
Pollen grains are generally round to oval and some have a yellow to brown tint.
Pollen grains are large, and, they tend to adhere to each other even in dry weather.
Pollen grains are male gametophytes carried by wind, water, or a pollinator .
Pollen grains are multicellular and constitute the Microgametophyte .
Pollen grains are nonsaccate.
Pollen grains are of inestimable value in the bee household.
Pollen grains are one among the factors responsible for triggering allergic diseases.
Pollen grains are rather small and their surface is smooth.
Pollen grains are released from a flower.
Pollen grains are so small that they easily can pass through the tightest window screens.
Pollen grains are the immature male gametophytes existing in seed plants.
Pollen grains are the male gametophytes in flowering plants.
Pollen grains are the male reproductive cells of flowering plants.
Pollen grains are the male seeds or reproductive cells of flower blossoms.
Pollen grains are the small male reproductive bodies of plants that fertilize female flowers.
Pollen grains are the tiny male reproductive bodies of flowering plants.
Pollen grains are the tiny, yellow, dustlike particles found inside flowers.
Pollen grains are transferred pollination.
Pollen grains are transferred to the stigma of the same flower.
Pollen grains are tricolpate, or a modification thereof.
Pollen grains begin to germinate before pollination.
Pollen grains can become trapped underneath lenses.
Pollen grains can land and germinate anywhere along the length of an exposed silk.
Pollen grains carry the male genetic information for fertilization.
Pollen grains colpoidate.
Pollen grains come from seed bearing plants.
Pollen grains come in many shapes and sizes, depending on the species of plant.
Pollen grains contain male gametophytes, the tiny haploid stage that makes the sperm.
Pollen grains contain sperm that fertilizes the egg in the ovule.
Pollen grains contain the male gametes in sexually reproducing plants.
Pollen grains contain the male gametophytes.
Pollen grains contain two cells, one of which forms a pollen tube with two sperm cells.
Pollen grains contains male sex cells.
Pollen grains develop in the anther , a sac at the top of each stamen.
Pollen grains dicolporate, shed as monads, tricellular at dispersal.
Pollen grains ellipsoidal when dry, and spherical when moistened.
Pollen grains enter a young female cone and then rest for one year.
Pollen grains germinate on stigma.
Pollen grains give the anthers a dusty appearance when the anthers have released pollen.
Pollen grains have a thick protective wall.
Pollen grains have distinctive shapes, so they are useful for identifying plants.
Pollen grains have to overcome a series of difficulties for a successful fertilisation to occur.
Pollen grains have two very important attributes.
Pollen grains hold amino acids, starch, oil, and other nutrients.
Pollen grains inaperturate, shed as monads, bicellular at dispersal.
Pollen grains possess such a coat, which is made of a very strong material called sporopollenin.
Pollen grains present a variety of challenges to study and interpret under the microscope.
Pollen grains preserved in bogs provide clues to past vegetation and climate.
Pollen grains reach, the surface of the stigma.
Pollen grains released by the anther are picked up by visiting insects or the wind.
Pollen grains sift down between the scales of the female cone and are drawn into the micropyle.
Pollen grains trisyncolporate, shed as monads, bicellular at dispersal.
All pollen grains develop initially in groups of four called tetrads.
Every pollen grain contains sperm nuclei, which fertilize the ovules in the female flowers.
Many pollen grains develop inside each pollen sac.
Most pollen grain comes from flower plants.
Most pollen grain comes from plants.
Most pollen grain comes in contact.
Most pollen grain contains kernels.
Most pollen grain contains nutrients.
Most pollen grain has circular pores.
Most pollen grain has functions.
Most pollen grain has pores.
Most pollen grain has small circular pores.
Most pollen grain has small pores.
Most pollen grain has surfaces.
Most pollen grain is produced by plants.
Most pollen grains are too large to exhibit noticeable Brownian motion.
Most pollen grains preserve well once they have settled at the bottom of a water system.
Some pollen grain becomes gametophytes.
Some pollen grain becomes male gametophytes.
Some pollen grain contains female gametophytes.
Some pollen grain contains gametophytes.
Some pollen grain contains immature male gametophytes.
Some pollen grain contains male gametophytes.
Some pollen grain enters cones.
Some pollen grain enters female cones.
Some pollen grain enters young female cones.
Some pollen grain has projections.
Some pollen grain has protective walls.
Some pollen grain has spikes.
Some pollen grain has walls.
Some pollen grain has wings.
Pollen removals have effects.
Pollen sacs are upright, ellipsoidal with a rounded tip.
Pollen sacs have diploid microsporocytes.
Pollen sources influence early fruit growth of southern highbush blueberry.
A pollen tube is a natural object
Pollen tube begins growing down the style.
Pollen tube enters the female gametophyte through an opening called the micropyle.
Pollen tube grows down stigma, sperm nuclei enter female gametophyte.
Pollen tube is very short.
Pollen tubes are an excellent model for the understanding of plant cell behavior.
Pollen tubes are formed through the style and extend from the stigma to the ovary.
Pollen tubes are very sensitive to sugars and grow in their direc- tion.
Pollen tubes begin to form soon after pollen grains lodge on the stigma.
Pollen tubes germinate from the pollen grains and grow toward.
Pollen tubes grow down the hollow center of the style as they head toward the ovary.
Pollen tubes grow through the style.
Some pollen tubes grow into female gametophytes.
Some pollen tubes grow into gametophytes.
Some pollen tubes penetrate silk tissue.
Some pollen tubes penetrate tissue.
Pollen analyses of late-glacial and postglacial sediments in Iowa.
Pollen antigens .
Pollen appears fairly neatly sorted in the fossil record.
Pollen are male gametophytes enclosed in spore walls.
Pollen attracts bees.
Pollen attracts beneficial insects.
Pollen attracts insects.
Pollen badly soils the blotch.
Pollen becomes airborne during mowing of lawns, raking of leaves, and other gardening chores.
Pollen can blow for miles.
Pollen can provide very good evidence of what regional climate was like for a given area.
Pollen can travel by wind or insects.
Pollen collects in pouches behind the lips of the proventriculus.
Pollen collects on the thumb.
Pollen comes from every type of flower on earth.
Pollen comes from flowers.
Pollen comes from plants.
Pollen comes from the anther.
Pollen comes from trees, grasses, flowers and weeds.
Pollen comes in a capsule form or as loose granules.
Pollen comes into contact.
Pollen consists of grain.
Pollen consists of plant pollen.
Pollen consists of pollen.
Pollen consists of tiny grain.
Pollen consists of tiny particles that are carried by the wind from plants and trees.
Pollen contains cholesterol and rutin.
Pollen contains elements.
Pollen contains greater concentrations of living enzymes than any other part of the plant.
Pollen contains male gametes.
Pollen contains male gametophytes which produce and contain sperm cells.
Pollen contains many elements.
Pollen contains pheromone.
Pollen contains substances.
Pollen contains the male gametes.
Pollen contains the male reproductive cells of the plant.
Pollen contains the male sex cells and is necessary to fertilize a seed.
Pollen contains the necessary fertilizers for plant life to reproduce and grow.
Pollen continues very high.
Pollen counts as particles per cubic metre of air.
Pollen develops from the microspore mother cells.
Pollen does get to fertilize the polar nuclei, which in turn provide food for the embryo.
Pollen does provide some minor nutrients and minerals to the birds that consume it.
Pollen drifting from adjacent fields can contaminate organic crops.
Pollen drifts from one field to another.
Pollen drifts on the wind and catches on the minute hairs of the silks.
Pollen enters flowers.
Pollen enters the air from flowers and salt crystals form when ocean spray dries.
Pollen enters the home through open windows, on clothing, and hair, and on the fur of our pets.
Pollen enters the nose or eyes and lands on mucous membranes of the upper respiratory tract.
Pollen falls from the tassels downward to the silk of the plant to produce kernels.
Pollen falls on or is blown by wind to the silk and corn kernels begin to develop.
Pollen falls on surfaces.
Pollen fertilizes flowers.
Pollen fertilizes ovules.
Pollen fertilizes pistils.
Pollen germinates on the stigma, the pollen tube grows out and grows through the style toward ovule.
Pollen germinates to produce a pollen tube.
Pollen has (part) sections.
Pollen has benefits.
Pollen has health benefits.
Pollen has plants.
Pollen have durable cell walls, made of a substance called sporopollenin.
Pollen influences the size, shape, and ripening time of the fruit.
Pollen is a byproduct of the reproductive process.
Pollen is a collective noun that is treated as singular.
Pollen is a complete food which contains all nutritional factors necessary for plant reproduction.
Pollen is a fine powder produced by certain plants when they reproduce.
Pollen is a fine powder produced by flowers, trees, grass and weeds.
Pollen is a made by male gametophytes .
Pollen is a male sex cell produced in large quantity by most plants.
Pollen is a natural product and it is responsible for a great deal of the misery.
Pollen is a natural substance.
Pollen is a part of life.
Pollen is a relatively large particulate that is readily filtered from the body by the nose.
Pollen is a spore and can live for a long time, and under adverse cir- cumstances.
Pollen is a spore
Pollen is a very fine powder released by trees, weeds and grasses.
Pollen is a very nutritious food.
Pollen is a yellow, powdery dust.
Pollen is accumulate into the basket area where it is transported safely back to the hive.
Pollen is again crucial for honey bee brood development, and is made into bee bread.
Pollen is also a remedy for hay fever and allergies.
Pollen is also mildly diuretic and emenagogue.
Pollen is also rich in protein.
Pollen is also very difficult to use.
Pollen is autofluorescent under several wavelengths of light.
Pollen is bisaccate and striate.
Pollen is bisaccate.
Pollen is blown by the wind.
Pollen is brought by the wind direct to the micropyle of the ovules.
Pollen is collected by bees and provides the essential protein for brood development.
Pollen is contained in masses which are interconnected and called Pollinia .
Pollen is contained inside the anthers.
Pollen is developed in the pollen sacs.
Pollen is dispersed by wind.
Pollen is disseminated by insects.
Pollen is distributed by the wind.
Pollen is distributed primarily by the wind.
Pollen is essential for the production of larval food and for brood rearing in honey bee colonies.
Pollen is extremely difficult to avoid.
Pollen is extremely fertile and has proven to be a great parent for tall colorful pinks and purples.
Pollen is fertile and female fertility is good.
Pollen is fertile.
Pollen is found on the anthers.
Pollen is generated outside the home.
Pollen is gone, but asthma is still a problem.
Pollen is here to either take over, or eliminate humanity.
Pollen is high in protein, carbohydrate, lipids, and vitamins.
Pollen is HIGH today- pine,wattle,hazelnut,elm,oak,poplar and alder about.
Pollen is joined with the ovule inside a seed, and genetic material in the two parts combine.
Pollen is just a polite term for plant sperm.
Pollen is just the icing on the cake for a lot of people.
Pollen is life itself.
Pollen is light and is often carried considerable distances by the wind.
Pollen is light and is very easily picked up by wind.
Pollen is light enough to be carried by air currents or insects.
Pollen is located in air.
Pollen is located on the anthers and needs to relocate to the ovary of the flower.
Pollen is made into food for the larvae and workers.
Pollen is made up of tiny particles from trees, grasses, and weeds.
Pollen is made.
Pollen is microscopic in size.
Pollen is mixed with water to form a type of bread fed to the growing larvae.
Pollen is monosulcate and looks a lot like cycad pollen.
Pollen is more concentrated in the air at night.
Pollen is most important in feeding the larvae.
Pollen is moved from flower to flower by wind or animals.
Pollen is nonsaccate.
Pollen is overwhelmingly local.
Pollen is part of many flowers.
Pollen is placed into a special contraption at the hive entrance.
Pollen is plant sperm.
Pollen is probably disseminate by solitary agapostemon or andrinid bees.
Pollen is produced by flowers.
Pollen is produced by flowers.
Pollen is produced by male flowers.
Pollen is produced by most non-cultivated plants.
Pollen is produced by orchids.
Pollen is produced by plants.
Pollen is produced by the male cone.
Pollen is produced by the male organ, called the stamen .
Pollen is produced by the stamen , the male reproductive organ of the flower.
Pollen is produced entirely in the staminate inflorescences.
Pollen is produced inside the anthers, and released when each anther splits open.
Pollen is pure.
Pollen is removed from flowers deliberately or incidentally by bumblebees.
Pollen is ripe for gathering when the ball of anthers is brownish in color, loose and friable.
Pollen is saccate.
Pollen is shed and carried by the wind to reach the receptive ovules.
Pollen is shed as yellow, dry, coherent thread or mass, finally falling down to the spathe.
Pollen is shed during stigma receptivity after flower opens.
Pollen is shed during stigma receptivity before flower opens.
Pollen is shed each time that a plant flowers and much of it falls to earth.
Pollen is shed for up to eight days to ensure fertilization occurs.
Pollen is shed immediately after the flower opens, and the stigma is immediately receptive.
Pollen is shed prior to stigma receptivity.
Pollen is shed seasonally.
Pollen is shed the afternoon before the flower opens the following morning.
Pollen is shed when the flower opens.
Pollen is spores.
Pollen is spread by the wind and by insects to organic crops growing nearby.
Pollen is spread by the wind and by insects.
Pollen is spread by the winds and by insects.
Pollen is spread from flower to flower by such natural mechanisms as wind and insects.
Pollen is spread in one of two ways in a country like Britain - on the wind, or by insects.
Pollen is sticky and heavy.
Pollen is taken from one bloom or from a stored vial and dabbed onto the pistil of another bloom.
Pollen is the cause of that and some plants are worse than others about spreading the stuff around.
Pollen is the dice-throw of trees in the craps game of survival.
Pollen is the gametophyte generation of seed plants.
Pollen is the only natural protein source for honey bees.
Pollen is the substance found in plants that fertilizes other, like plants.
Pollen is tiny and can easily pass right through the tightest window screens.
Pollen is transferred mainly by wind and insects.
Pollen is tricolpate with no apparent endoaperture and coarsely scabrate colpus membranes.
Pollen is unacetolyzed and air dried.
Pollen is uniaperturate or uniaperturate-derived.
Pollen is usually saccate.
Pollen is very high in vitamin B which increases energy and stamina.
Pollen is very light and is easily transported by the wind.
Pollen is visible on the petals.
Pollen is well mixed by atmospheric turbulence, which results in a more or less uniform pollen rain.
Pollen is wind disseminated.
Pollen is wind-transferred and often too early for peak female receptivity.
Pollen isa spore.
Pollen notes that the benefits and process of music therapy often bring unexpected surprises.
Pollen produced by flowers that is typically consumed by bats is high in protein.
Pollen produced by the male is caught and stored until it is needed.
Pollen provides colony members with vital amino acids, vitamins, and fats.
Pollen provides most of their dietary protein.
Pollen provides protein and fats necessary for the production of food for young larva.
Pollen provides protein and stimulates ovary development, preparing the queen to begin egg laying.
Pollen reaches human noses and throats, making people with pollen allergies miserable.
Pollen reaches the carpel of the new flower.
Pollen reflect the regional vegetation on land.
Pollen relies on the wind to sweep it from one plant to the next.
Pollen remains in the open thecae until contacted by insects or washed out by rain.
Pollen serves purposes.
Pollen serves same purposes.
Pollen shedding from walnut trees can cause allergic reactions in people and horses.
Pollen stimulates ovarian function.
Pollen stored in the hive is used as a source of protein in feeding the developing larvae.
Pollen supplies all the nutrients a bee needs for growth and development.
Pollen supplies everything else.
Pollen tends to collect on the exposed body surfaces and especially in the hair.
Pollen tickles the nose while bee's buzz and crickets chirp.
Pollen travels best on warm, dry, breezy days and peaks in urban areas midday.
Pollen travels on the breeze during the winter to the female flowers of the nut-producing tree.
Pollen triggers an allergic reaction in people suffering from hay fever.
Pollens are just too numerous to battle.
Pollens are often the culprits behind allergic eye irritation, but there are other causes too.
Pollens are quite large as well.
Pollens are responsible for allergies outside.
Pollens are small, light, and dry so they are easily spread by wind.
Pollens are small, round-shaped male cells of various flowering trees, grasses and plants.
Pollens are the male sex cells that grow on the stamens of flowers.
Pollens including trees, grasses, weeds and ragweed are some outdoor allergens.
Pollens originate from plants.
Pollens tell something of plant growth on adjacent lands.
Pollen often multiporate.
Most pollen attracts bees.
Most pollen attracts beneficial insects.
Most pollen attracts insects.
Most pollen comes from flowers.
Most pollen comes from plants.
Most pollen comes into contact.
Most pollen consists of grain.
Most pollen consists of plant pollen.
Most pollen consists of tiny grain.
Most pollen contains elements.
Most pollen contains many elements.
Most pollen contains pheromone.
Most pollen contains substances.
Most pollen falls on surfaces.
Most pollen fertilizes ovules.
Most pollen has benefits.
Most pollen has health benefits.
Most pollen has plants.
Most pollen is dispersed by wind.
Most pollen is produced by flowers.
Most pollen is produced by male flowers.
Most pollen is produced by orchids.
Most pollen is produced by plants.
Most pollen is released from grass in the morning and rises into the air with the heat of the day.
Most pollen is released in the morning and rises skywards with the heat of the day.
Most pollen is used as food for larvae .
Most pollen serves purposes.
Most pollen serves same purposes.
Most pollen simply falls on the ground and gets washed into rivers and lakes.
Most pollens are edible, they are normally too fiddly to harvest.
Much pollen is released early in the morning, shortly after dawn.
Some pollen causes adverse reaction.
Some pollen causes allergic reaction.
Some pollen causes fevers.
Some pollen causes hay fevers.
Some pollen causes reaction.
Some pollen comes from sunflowers.
Some pollen comes from trees.
Some pollen contains acid.
Some pollen contains amino acid.
Some pollen contains essential amino acid.
Some pollen contains grain.
Some pollen contains nutrients.
Some pollen contains proteins.
Some pollen contains vitamins.
Some pollen develops sporangiums.
Some pollen has chances.
Some pollen has different values.
Some pollen has pores.
Some pollen has values.
Some pollen improves ability.
Some pollen is even toxic to colonies.
Some pollen is produced by flower trees.
Some pollen is produced by gymnosperms.
Some pollen is produced by trees.
Some pollen is produced by woody gymnosperms.
Some pollen is spread by the wind or other insects like beetles, flies and bees.
Some pollen is trapped within the inflorescence and some clings to the surface of the gas bubbles.
Some pollen kills larvae.
Some pollen mixes with saliva.
Some pollen provides food.
Some pollens also contain chemical compounds that stimulate collection response in bees.
Pollenation isa fecundation.
Pollenation isa fertilization.
Some pollinate animals receive deliveries.
Some pollinate bees receive food.
Pollinate flowers have attractive features.
Pollinate flowers have features.
Pollinate flowers have special features.
Most pollinate flowers have attractive features.
Most pollinate flowers have features.
Most pollinate flowers have special features.
Pollinate insects get nectar.
Pollinate insects make food.
Most pollinate insects get nectar.
Most pollinate insects make food.
Some pollinate insects play roles.
Some pollinate insects pollinate courgette flowers.
Some pollinate insects pollinate flowers.
Pollination mechanisms lead to diversity.
Pollination syndrome is the set of adaptive traits which help flowers to get pollinated .
Pollination syndrome is the set of adaptive traits which help flowers to get pollinated.
Pollination allows the plant to reproduce by creating new seeds.
Pollination also has a direct effect on size.
Pollination also requires consideration of pollenizers.
Pollination appears successful with good ear fill.
Pollination appears to be accomplished by air currents.
Pollination assist with fertilization, and hence a new seedling is formed.
Pollination can also occur within the same flower.
Pollination can be a limiting factor in horticulture.
Pollination can be of two types.
Pollination can occur naturally by means of wind.
Pollination can occur on any particular cantaloupe flower for one day only.
Pollination can occur over several days.
Pollination causes the flower to close.
Pollination depends on pollen blowing from the male cone to the female cone.
Pollination depends on the yucca moth.
Pollination happens as the insect attempts to mate with flowers.
Pollination has ecological values.
Pollination has success.
Pollination has value in two very different senses.
Pollination has values.
Pollination illustrates mutualism between flowering plants and their animal pollinators.
Pollination involves gametes and fertilisation and can produce new varieties of plants.
Pollination is a big industry in New Zealand.
Pollination is a common mutualistic interaction.
Pollination is a necessary step of sexual reproduction in flowering plants.
Pollination is a prerequisite for fertilization.
Pollination is a valuable service that warrants fair compensation.
Pollination is a very important part of the life cycle of a flowering plant .
Pollination is a very important part of the life cycle of a flowering plant.
Pollination is a very important part of the life cycle of plants.
Pollination is absolutely essential for production, since sweet cherries are self-incompatible.
Pollination is accomplished by a small midge that breeds on the surface of open water.
Pollination is accomplished by winds.
Pollination is accomplished only by insect-agency, and where insects fail no fruits are ripened.
Pollination is achieved by long-tongued insects such as butterflies.
Pollination is affected by cold weather and reduced pollinating insect activity.
Pollination is also important for creating heavier crops and larger fruit.
Pollination is always by wind.
Pollination is an important factor when selecting and planting tree and small fruits.
Pollination is an important part of a plant life cycle.
Pollination is an intricate series of events which ultimately results in plant reproduction.
Pollination is another painstaking operation.
Pollination is assured by insects, but the wind is also reported to be an effective pollinator.
Pollination is both environmentally and economically significant to humans.
Pollination is by a species-specific wasp.
Pollination is by an array of small dipteran and hymenopteran species.
Pollination is by flies attracted by the disgusting smell.
Pollination is by flies, wasps, and bees.
Pollination is by hoverflies and other insects.
Pollination is by insects such as thrips, flies, and bees.
Pollination is by insects, including hawk moths.
Pollination is by insects.
Pollination is by the wind.
Pollination is by various insects such as thrips, flies, and to a small extent, honey bees.
Pollination is by wind .
Pollination is by wind or insects, most species are monoecious, some are dioecious.
Pollination is by wind or insects.
Pollination is by wind, and, in the majority of cases, a perianth is wanting.
Pollination is by wind.
Pollination is carried on by insects.
Pollination is carried out by flies and beetles.
Pollination is carried out mainly by ants and aphids, with vespertine anthesis.
Pollination is central to successful reproduction in most plants.
Pollination is complete when the pollen grain has landed on a stigma.
Pollination is completed when pollen from an anther lands on a stigma.
Pollination is done naturally by the wind.
Pollination is done through insects.
Pollination is effected by the wind, insects, hummingbirds, etc.
Pollination is entomochorous and likely anemochorous.
Pollination is entomogamous.
Pollination is entomophilous, mostly by bees which produce a honey with a distinctive bitter taste.
Pollination is essential for the commercial production of many fruit, vegetable and seed crops.
Pollination is essential if plants are to produce seed.
Pollination is essential to many fruit, nut and seed crops.
Pollination is essentially plant reproduction.
Pollination is extremely important in kiwifruit production.
Pollination is fertilization.
Pollination is how nature selects genes from plants for future generations.
Pollination is important for plants to reproduce and grow.
Pollination is impossible without the aid of insects.
Pollination is impregnation
Pollination is largely by insects.
Pollination is largely wind driven and occurs successfully when another elm is planted close by.
Pollination is mainly by bees, which are attracted by the fragrance of the flowers.
Pollination is most effective when it happens under water.
Pollination is mostly by honeybees, and wind pollination is limited.
Pollination is mutually beneficial to plants and to pollinators.
Pollination is necessary for plant reproduction.
Pollination is necessary for seeds to form in flowering plants.
Pollination is necessary for the flower to be able to reproduce.
Pollination is next for the pollen grains.
Pollination is normally very quick, lasting only about three to five days.
Pollination is of no value without fertilization.
Pollination is often done by nocturnal insects but self-pollination also occurs.
Pollination is one area where symbiosis is very evident.
Pollination is only the beginning of the saga.
Pollination is part of sexual reproduction in plants .
Pollination is performed mainly by beetles, but bees have also been observed visiting the flowers.
Pollination is primarily entomophilous even though the flowers are without nectaries or nectar.
Pollination is promiscuous business.
Pollination is required for apomictic seed development.
Pollination is simply the transfer of pollen grains from an anther to a stigma.
Pollination is slowed.
Pollination is the act of transferring the pollen grains to the silks by wind or insects.
Pollination is the arrival of pollen at or near the surface of a receptive ovule.
Pollination is the fertilisation of a plant and occurs in many different ways.
Pollination is the fertilization of a flowering plant.
Pollination is the first stage in the development of a pecan nut.
Pollination is the first step in the process of sexual reproduction in plants.
Pollination is the movement of pollen from the anthers to the stigma.
Pollination is the movement of pollen from the male part of the flower to the female part.
Pollination is the movement of pollen into the pistil.
Pollination is the process that starts the sexual mechanism for procreation.
Pollination is the transfer of pollen from an anther onto the stigma of a flower.
Pollination is the transfer of pollen from the anther to the stigma of a flower.
Pollination is the transfer of pollen from the anther to the stigma.
Pollination is the transfer of pollen from the stamen to the pistil of a flower.
Pollination is the transfer of pollen grains from anthers to a receptive female stigma.
Pollination is the transfer of pollen grains from the anther to the stigma.
Pollination is the transfer of pollen grains to a stigma.
Pollination is the transfer of the whole male gametophyte to the female plant.
Pollination is the transport of pollen from the anther onto the stigma.
Pollination is transfer of pollen grains from anther to stigma.
Pollination is variable, especially in droughted areas.
Pollination is very important.
Pollination isa fecundation.
Pollination isa fertilization.
Pollination leads to production.
Pollination Learn about the roles of bees, pollen, and flowers.
Pollination means the transfer of male pollen to the female's stigma.
Pollination needs for reproduction.
Pollination needs for sexual reproduction.
Pollination Observe the plants closely when blooming starts to see if bees are visiting the blooms.
Pollination occurs as a happy accident for the flower.
Pollination occurs at stages.
Pollination occurs at the water's surface at the whim of wind and wave.
Pollination occurs at the water's surface.
Pollination occurs by with or animals.
Pollination occurs in late spring and cones mature in one season.
Pollination occurs in late springs.
Pollination occurs in several ways.
Pollination occurs in springs.
Pollination occurs in the spring and cones mature in one season.
Pollination occurs most effectively by honeybees.
Pollination occurs near the end of the first year.
Pollination occurs near the water surface and pollin is distributed by wind and water currents.
Pollination occurs once a genetically compatible pollen grain lands directly on the ovule.
Pollination occurs via wind or insect.
Pollination occurs when a pollen grain is transferred from the anther to the pistil.
Pollination occurs when a pollen grain lands on the stigma.
Pollination occurs when bees gather nectar from flowers.
Pollination occurs when pollen falls on the exposed silks.
Pollination occurs when pollen grains come into contact with the stigma.
Pollination occurs when pollen is delivered to the stigma of a carpel a.
Pollination occurs when pollen is moved from anthers to stigmas.
Pollination occurs when pollen lands on the female parts of a flower.
Pollination occurs when pollen meets A. male reproductive parts of a different plant species.
Pollination occurs when the pollen grain penetrates the micropyle of the female scale.
Pollination occurs when wind carries pollen to the micropylar opening of the ovule.
Pollination probably is affected by honeydew covered silks.
Pollination probably takes place at or shortly after dawn if pollinators are available.
Pollination produces the seeds as the flowers develop into grape berries.
Pollination refers to the deposition of pollen onto the stigma.
Pollination refers to the transfer of pollen granules from flower to flower.
Pollination requires a vector to carry the pollen from the anther to the stigma.
Pollination results in conditions.
Pollination results in creations.
Pollination starts the production of seeds.
Pollination starts when a field bee crawls around a plant blossom.
Pollination starts when a field bee crawls into a plant blossom seeking nectar.
Pollination takes place around the clock.
Pollination takes place by air.
Pollination takes place in plants with the help of wind, water and insects.
Pollination takes place in spring.
Pollination takes place over large distances carried by the wind and insects.
Pollination takes place when a bee travels from one flower to another.
Pollination takes place when pollen is transferred from the male anther to the female stigma.
Pollination then occurs between plants, and requires a mobile pollinator.
Pollination typically lasts only from five to ten days.
Pollination often suffers when temperatures are high.
Pollination usually happens as a side-effect of finding food.
Most pollination has ecological values.
Most pollination has success.
Most pollination has values.
Most pollination is dispersed by the wind and by insects transporting pollen between plants.
Most pollination leads to production.
Most pollination needs for reproduction.
Most pollination occurs at stages.
Most pollination occurs in late springs.
Most pollination occurs in springs.
Most pollination probably occurs by selfing, though ants are possible pollinators.
Some pollination contributes to diversity.
Some pollination contributes to food production.
Some pollination contributes to global food production.
Some pollination contributes to global production.
Some pollination contributes to production.
Some pollination improves quality.
Some pollination occurs during periods.
Some pollination occurs in angiosperms.
Some pollination occurs in autumn.
Some pollination occurs within same years.
Some pollination occurs within years.
Some pollination produces products.
Some pollination promotes speciation.
Some pollination requires pollinators.
Some pollination takes places.
A pollinator is an insect
Pollinator isa insect.
Pollinators are a crucial part of healthy agricultural and natural landscapes.
Pollinators are a huge part of the reproduction of plants in general.
Pollinators are also vital to agriculture.
Pollinators are animals such as insects, birds, or bats that drink flower nectar for food.
Pollinators are animals that pick up pollen and move it from flower to flower.
Pollinators are biotic agents that play a very important role in pollination process.
Pollinators are birds or insects such as bees that transfer pollen.
Pollinators are critical to much more than what fills our stomachs.
Pollinators are essential to our environment.
Pollinators are essential to the functioning of all terrestrial ecosystems.
Pollinators are honeybees and other hymenoptera, and some diptera.
Pollinators are insects.
Pollinators are primarily different species of bees.
Pollinators are thus essential to the stability of the global ecosystem itself.
Pollinators are vital to the survival of many wild plants and food crops.
Pollinators are wind, water, bees, small mammals, birds.
Pollinators clearly deserve more press and our help.
Pollinators collect pollen.
Pollinators come from miles away to partake of the nectar.
Pollinators come to sample the nectar they provide.
Pollinators consume nectar.
Pollinators drink nectar.
Pollinators enter flowers.
Pollinators feed on nectar.
Pollinators fly around, searching for food, water, and places to nest.
Pollinators get food.
Pollinators have (part) air sacs.
Pollinators have (part) brains.
Pollinators have (part) carapaces.
Pollinators have (part) cell membranes.
Pollinators have (part) cells.
Pollinators have (part) corpi.
Pollinators have (part) cytoplasm.
Pollinators have (part) ears.
Pollinators have (part) faces.
Pollinators have (part) flight feathers.
Pollinators have (part) heads.
Pollinators have (part) nuclei.
Pollinators have (part) plasma membranes.
Pollinators have (part) quill feathers.
Pollinators have (part) sections.
Pollinators have (part) shells.
Pollinators have (part) skulls.
Pollinators have (part) thoraxes.
Pollinators have (part) vacuoles.
Pollinators have flowers.
Pollinators have smelly flowers.
Pollinators have white flowers.
Pollinators help plants To make their seeds.
Pollinators include bees.
Pollinators increase the cost of sex by avoiding female flowers.
Pollinators increase their nectar or pollen intake by visiting many flowers on the same plant.
Pollinators play a critical role in the life history of many flowering plants.
Pollinators play an important role in the production of crops for humans.
Pollinators pollinate crops.
Pollinators pollinate flowers.
Pollinators provide an essential ecological function in both agricultural and wildland ecosystems.
Pollinators provide pollination services.
Pollinators provide services.
Pollinators receive food.
Pollinators receive nutrients.
Pollinators receive vital nutrients.
Pollinators rely on plants.
Pollinators thrive on flower nectar and pollen.
Pollinators transfer pollen.
Pollinators visit flowers.
Pollinators visit milkweed flowers.
Pollinators visit more frequently, or behave in ways that improve reproduction in large populations.
Pollinators visit plants.
Pollinators visit pollen.
Most pollinators are insects.
Most pollinators collect pollen.
Most pollinators consume nectar.
Most pollinators drink nectar.
Most pollinators enter flowers.
Most pollinators feed on nectar.
Most pollinators get food.
Most pollinators have flowers.
Most pollinators have smelly flowers.
Most pollinators have white flowers.
Most pollinators pollinate crops.
Most pollinators pollinate flowers.
Most pollinators provide pollination services.
Most pollinators provide services.
Most pollinators receive food.
Most pollinators receive nutrients.
Most pollinators receive vital nutrients.
Most pollinators rely on plants.
Most pollinators transfer pollen.
Most pollinators visit flowers.
Most pollinators visit milkweed flowers.
Most pollinators visit plants.
Most pollinators visit pollen.
Some pollinators are more olfactory than visual, and of course, some use both senses.
Some pollinators are specific for a particular flower.
Some pollinators eat fruit.
Some pollinators have eyes.
Some pollinators make trips.
A polling booth is a stall
Polling booths make for strange bedfellows.
Some polling booths open a few minutes late because of minor administrative hitches.
Polling organizations are in business to make a profit.
A polling place is a place
Polling place means the place of voting.
Polling places are a thing of the past.
Polling places are to be free of barriers to disabled persons.
All polling places are accessible to elderly and disabled voters.
All polling places are accessible to the disabled.
All polling places are fully accessible.
All polling places are handicap accessible.
All polling places are subject to change up to and through the day of the election.
All polling places have a booth accessible for persons with disabilities.
All polling places provide curbside voting for the voter with a physical disability.
Many polling places lack handicap parking and accessible voting booths.
Many polling places use voting machines that are decades old.
Most polling places are now accessible to the handicapped.
Most polling places are within a few blocks of voters' homes.
Some polling places are hard to get to without a car.
Some polling places have people from various ADs voting there.
Some polling places represent more than one election district.
All polling sites are handicap accessible.
All polling sites are physically accessible to persons with disabilities.
A polling station is a place
Polling stations are operating, observers are in the field, and voters are getting their say.
Polling stations remain open until nine o'clock in the evening.
All polling stations have access for people with disabilities.
Polling systems are diverse.
Pollinium occurs in pair forming balloon like structures.
A pollock is a saltwater fish
Pollock begins during World War II, when Pollock was still a struggling painter in New York.
Pollock brings to the forefront the interactions between art and film.
Pollock opens tomorrow.
Pollock reacts to the news by freaking out.
Pollock stares at it for weeks with a mixture of desperation, dejection, and resignation.
Pollock takes center stage once again and directs the musicians.
Pollock welcomes the new wave of younger cigar smokers.
Pollotarian diets exclude meat, dairy and fish, but allow poultry.
A pollster is a questioner
Pollsters also are willing to come on our program to analyze and explain the polls.
Pollsters are great.
Pollsters are skilled workers.
Pollsters ask people to react to someone else's agenda.
Pollsters can also, if they choose, slant their polls.
Pollsters compete on reputation and service - clients see distinctions.
Pollsters find that the public's sense of insecurity is high, even where crime rates are in decline.
Pollsters have short memories.
Pollsters have various ways of making their polls more accurate .
Pollsters hold a variety of responsibilities in the realm of politics.
Pollsters keep politicians in touch with America.
Pollsters make reference to the results of a poll in terms of confidence.
Pollsters now have it down to key constituencies in swing states.
Pollsters say it's too close to call.
Pollsters say negative campaigning almost never hurts the candidate who indulges.
Pollsters say the Latin American public is dissatisfied with the quality of government.
Pollsters say the public is deeply disturbed about the moral and cultural condition of the nation.
Pollsters still measure public opinion by telephone.
Pollsters think both races are likely to be decided by a few percentage points in either direction.
Pollsters use different techniques of deciding who to include in their poll.
Pollsters usually manipulate the answers for political purposes.
Many pollsters use random digit dial and swear that it s the most effective way.
Some pollsters poll on weekends.
Some pollsters simply report on opinions.
Pollutant concentrations are higher than limit levels.
Pollutant concentrations are lower than recommended levels.
Pollutant levels werebelow WHO guidelines but a good ventilation is recommended.
Pollutant loads are usually lower in baleen whales than in dolphins and porpoises.
Pollutant removal is achieved by filtration through the surrounding soils.
Pollutant removal is through the sedimentation process.
Pollutant trades are most likely to occur between point and nonpoint sources.
A pollutant is waste
Pollutant isa waste.
Pollutants accelerate oxidation, and nutritional antioxidants and enzymes slow it down.
Pollutants accumulate in the ecosystem, impacting the food chain, water quality, and sediment.
Pollutants accumulate in watersheds as a result of various practices and natural events.
Pollutants affect all of the abiotic factors on which plants survive.
Pollutants affect cycles in nature which are necessary for our survival.
Pollutants also come from business, industry, and farm fields.
Pollutants also enter the river from point sources.
Pollutants also flow off streets and parking lots, lawns and golf courses.
Pollutants also irritate mucous membranes in the nose, throat and eyes.
Pollutants also kill marine species indirectly by degrading their habitat.
Pollutants also present a potential hazard to loons.
Pollutants are a major concern.
Pollutants are bad stuff.
Pollutants are classified as primary or secondary.
Pollutants are common today in runoff and floods.
Pollutants are filtered from surface runoff, enhancing water quality via biofiltration.
Pollutants are important determinants of human health.
Pollutants are the key elements or components of pollution.
Pollutants are waste.
Pollutants become trapped under the layer of warm air.
Pollutants build in the waterways.
Pollutants can affect brain development, survey finds.
Pollutants can affect the quality and production of sperm.
Pollutants can also affect ecosystems on a smaller scale.
Pollutants can also be a major problem for kids.
Pollutants can also seep down and affect the groundwater deposits.
Pollutants can also seep downand effect groundwater deposits.
Pollutants can be gases, such as ozone, sulfur dioxide, carbon monoxide, and nitrogen oxides.
Pollutants can come from various sources, including building materials and furnishings.
Pollutants can dissolve in to the water, stay suspended or lie on the ground.
Pollutants can enter and leave Lake Michigan in many ways.
Pollutants can enter the Arctic Ocean through the Bering Strait, between Alaska and Russia.
Pollutants can enter the water cycle from the air when it rains.
Pollutants can exist in water in different states.
Pollutants can harm health, the environment and property.
Pollutants can harm the natural biological and chemical processes in aquatic ecosystems.
Pollutants can have effects.
Pollutants can include hydrocarbons, heavy metals, and pesticides.
Pollutants can irritate the respiratory tract and make the person less able to perform aerobically.
Pollutants can jam their way into the cell's doorways too.
Pollutants can reduce scenic views and shroud once-pristine valleys and vistas.
Pollutants can reduce the cognitive abilities of children as well as adults.
Pollutants can seep into rivers and groundwater.
Pollutants can speed up or initiate normal precipitation processes.
Pollutants can take two to three days to trigger an asthma attack.
Pollutants can travel farthest when they are in solution in a river that is fast flowing.
Pollutants carried by water are a major threat to cave life.
Pollutants carried in the rainwater react chemically with the mortar between the stones.
Pollutants cause conditions.
Pollutants cause effects.
Pollutants cause health problems.
Pollutants cause human illnesses.
Pollutants cause illnesses.
Pollutants cause problems.
Pollutants cause respiratory health problems.
Pollutants cause respiratory problems.
Pollutants cause the lowering of an animals resistance to disease.
Pollutants cause water pollution problems.
Pollutants contain dioxide.
Pollutants contain particles.
Pollutants contain sulfur dioxide.
Pollutants contain tiny particles.
Pollutants continue to pour into it from agricultural runoffs and industrial discharges.
Pollutants created in Florida show up in Canada's high arctic and in Antarctica.
Pollutants damage trees.
Pollutants diminish oceanic sound, the biota above and below.
Pollutants disturb the natural balance of the environment.
Pollutants enter rivers and streams as run-off during and after a rain.
Pollutants enter streams.
Pollutants enter the atmosphere from either man-made activities or through natural Earth processes.
Pollutants enter the environment and are broken down by naturally occurring organisms and events.
Pollutants fate and transport processes.
Pollutants find in pesticide.
Pollutants find their way to the catch basins in runoff that picks up oils and sand from streets.
Pollutants have a harmful result on quality of drinking water, recreation, and aesthetic value.
Pollutants have biodiversity.
Pollutants have effects.
Pollutants have impact.
Pollutants have indirect impact.
Pollutants have negative effects.
Pollutants include carbon monoxide.
Pollutants include chemicals.
Pollutants include hydrocarbons.
Pollutants include monoxide.
Pollutants include sediments.
Pollutants include solid waste.
Pollutants include substances.
Pollutants include toxic substances.
Pollutants include waste.
Pollutants included in trades are dependent on water quality problem.
Pollutants increase as they move up the food chain.
Pollutants kill aquatic plants.
Pollutants kill plants.
Pollutants migrate in coastal currents, air flow patterns, rivers, and underground aquifers.
Pollutants monitored include ozone, carbon monoxide and particulate matter.
Pollutants monitored include sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, and carbon dioxide.
Pollutants pose particular problems.
Pollutants pose problems.
Pollutants range from elevated temperature to dioxins and bioaccumulative chemicals.
Pollutants rapidly become diluted and blown away by upper level winds before contacting many trees.
Pollutants represents an important problem in soil and biosludge.
Pollutants rise on air currents to the ceiling exhaust.
Pollutants ruin the beauty of healthy, and clean water habitats.
Pollutants swirl near shore.
Pollutants taint our air, soil and water - even our mother's milk.
Pollutants tend to lower the level of dissolved oxygen.
Pollutants travel through a watershed to that common body of water.
Pollutants wait to smite salmon at sea .
Pollutants often attach to soil and flow with runoff that drains to lakes and ponds.
Pollutants often have the greatest impact on poor people.
All pollutants become holy.
All pollutants Prevent any lowering of water quality.
Any pollutants stored in the fat also pass to the baby with the fat in that milk.
Many pollutants accumulate in their body tissue while they feed.
Many pollutants are carcinogens.
Many pollutants are chiral.
Many pollutants are dangerous at concentrations as low as parts per billion.
Many pollutants are toxic or harmful to marine life.
Many pollutants bind to particles of sand and silt.
Many pollutants give off an odor and cause our homes to smell less than clean.
Many pollutants have a poisonous effect on the body .
Many pollutants have a poisonous effect on the body.
Many pollutants have lower levels indoors than outdoors.
Many pollutants released in incinerator stack gases accumulate in and on soils and vegetation.
Many pollutants tend to concentrate and are more easily identifiable in sediment.
More pollutants create clouds with more number of smaller droplets .
More pollutants create clouds with more number of smaller droplets.
More pollutants mean more absorption and scattering of light, resulting in more haze.
Most pollutants are gases.
Most pollutants can have effects.
Most pollutants cause conditions.
Most pollutants cause effects.
Most pollutants cause health problems.
Most pollutants cause human illnesses.
Most pollutants cause illnesses.
Most pollutants cause problems.
Most pollutants cause respiratory health problems.
Most pollutants cause respiratory problems.
Most pollutants contain dioxide.
Most pollutants contain particles.
Most pollutants contain sulfur dioxide.
Most pollutants contain tiny particles.
Most pollutants decrease over time, but a genetically altered organism can become dominant.
Most pollutants enter streams.
Most pollutants find in pesticide.
Most pollutants found in Great Lakes waters originate on land from human activity.
Most pollutants have biodiversity.
Most pollutants have effects.
Most pollutants have impact.
Most pollutants have indirect impact.
Most pollutants have negative effects.
Most pollutants kill aquatic plants.
Most pollutants kill plants.
Most pollutants pose particular problems.
Most pollutants pose problems.
Some pollutants affect only small regional areas, while others can travel the globe.
Some pollutants blow out of the valley altogether.
Some pollutants can cause both short and long term health problems.
Some pollutants can cause serious health problems.
Some pollutants can damage genes in sperms and eggs.
Some pollutants can have a wide range of effects across different groups.
Some pollutants can interact to form secondary pollutants, called 'smog'.
Some pollutants can interact to form secondary pollutants.
Some pollutants cause cancer, birth defects, nerve damage and lung damage.
Some pollutants cause inflammation.
Some pollutants come primarily from industrial and municipal wastewater discharges.
Some pollutants dissolve in rainwater.
Some pollutants enter atmospheres.
Some pollutants enter water.
Some pollutants find in surround water.
Some pollutants find in water.
Some pollutants have development.
Some pollutants have multiple air quality standards.
Some pollutants have negative effects on the body.
Some pollutants lose toxicity when filtered by the forest.
Some pollutants spread quickly, contaminating ground water several miles from the site.
Some pollutants ultimately fall out of the atmosphere as aerosol particles or acid rain . . .
Pollute air affects health.
Polluted air affects more than people with respiratory problems.
Polluted air can be lethal.
Polluted air can burn eyes, irritate throats and affect breathing.
Polluted air can make our eyes sting and fill with tear.
Polluted air can represent a significant health hazard.
Polluted air harms the economic well-being of the Basin.
Polluted air hurts almost everything it touches.
Polluted air is a symptom, a symptom of the absence of a coherent, integrated policy for transport.
Polluted air is another stress that contributes to the decline of urban trees.
Polluted air is associated with increased asthma episodes and other illnesses in children.
Polluted air is bad for people to breathe, and it can harm animals, trees, and plants.
Polluted air is harmful.
Polluted beaches can threaten public health and lead to lost revenues for businesses.
Polluted beds are a problem for most shellfish producing states.
Polluted land deters many employers from locating in central cities and older suburbs.
Polluted minds kill mankind.
Some polluted properties have dangerous chemicals that are hazardous to neighboring humans.
Polluted rain is called acid rain .
Polluted rivers are the reason there are so few otters left in the world.
Polluted runoff affects the estuaries where fecal coliform bacteria is the major pollutant.
Polluted runoff comes from many sources and can carry many contaminants.
Polluted runoff comes in various forms and causes a series of problems.
Polluted runoff contaminates rivers and streams that provide surface sources of drinking water.
Polluted runoff degrades our lakes, rivers, wetland and other waterways.
Polluted runoff harms our waters and wetlands protect against polluted runoff.
Polluted runoff harms out waters and wetlands protect against polluted runoff.
Polluted runoff includes many things that get into our water supply.
Polluted runoff is a major source of water quality impairment in coastal waters, rivers and lakes.
Polluted runoff is caused by rainfall or snowmelt moving over and through the ground.
Polluted runoff is caused by rainwater or snowmelt flowing overland into nearby waterways.
Polluted runoff is caused when rainfall moves over and through the ground.
Polluted runoff is one example and exists in rural, suburban, and urban environments.
Polluted runoff is the greatest threat to Rock Lake.
Polluted runoff is the leading cause of coastal water pollution throughout the United States.
Polluted runoff is the major water quality and habitat problem.
Polluted runoff is the number one cause of water pollution in the nation .
Polluted runoff is the number one cause of water pollution in the nation.
Polluted runoff is the number-one source of state water pollution.
Polluted runoff needs to be controlled because the associated environmental problems can be severe.
Polluted runoff needs to be controlled in order to protect both our environment and our economy.
Polluted runoff prevents our children from swimming.
Polluted sediments occur in the coastal ocean near major population centers.
Many polluted sites contain a mixture of organics and heavy metals.
Polluted sources can require special treatment for potable water production.
Polluted supplements do much more harm than good.
Polluted water can be a source of parasite and diseases.
Polluted water can damage vegetables, animals and people health.
Polluted water can harm, and even kill, animals who drink it and live in it.
Polluted water can have detrimental effects on animals, plant life and humans themselves.
Polluted water can kill eggs and tadpoles.
Polluted water can kill fish and other animals.
Polluted water causes diarrhoea, which kills five million children per year.
Polluted water continues to flow into the Black Sea.
Polluted water creates numerous costs to the public and to wildlife.
Polluted water does the worst damage to little children.
Polluted water has many detrimental effects on the ecology of the surrounding ecosystem.
Polluted water hurts the wildlife in creeks, streams, rivers and lakes.
Polluted water is a fact of our lives.
Polluted water is a threat everywhere.
Polluted water is absorbed in plants the same way.
Polluted water is just one of the many environmental problems facing communities in the world today.
Polluted water is never safe to drink.
Polluted water is the most common source of typhoid.
Polluted water is the most common source.
Polluted water is the 'prime killer' of Iraqi children.
Polluted water is unsuitable for drinking, recreation, agriculture, and industry.
Polluted water provides one of the ways in which viral diseases spread.
Polluted water raises filtration costs and taxes due to the affect on animals such as salmon.
Polluted waters are commonly turbid and improvement is usually marked by greater clarity.
Polluted waters lead to polluted fish which lead to a polluted food chain.
A polluter is a bad person
Polluter pays' is green propaganda.
Polluters give cash to block measures to clean up the air and water.
Polluters have an incentive to trade if their are gains from trade.
Polluters just consider the fines a cost of doing business.
Polluters like to operate under a veil of secrecy.
Polluters tend to dump on communities least able to defend themselves.
Polluters then have a choice between paying that price or taking action to reduce their pollution.
Polluters violate the terms of their Clean Water Act permits on a far too regular basis.
Many polluters dump large amounts of toxic chemicals down the drain to sewage treatment plants.
Pollution control focuses primarily on waste containment and to a lesser degree on reduction.
Pollution control is a high priority.
Pollution control is a rapidly expanding consumer of lime.
Pollution control is a term used in environmental management .
Pollution control is accomplished by enclosing the structures.
Pollution control is another aspect of the work.
Pollution control is important the ozone layer that blankets the earth is fragile.
Pollution control is priority approach.
Pollution control is used to indicate a method of controlling pollution with plants.
Pollution control needs funds.
Pollution control poses large costs to society.
Pollution controls are haphazard and much of the city's sewage ends up in the canals.
Pollution credits represent emissions units that any company is permitted to produce.
Pollution levels reach high levels.
Pollution levels reach levels.
Pollution markets can succeed where traditional controls fail.
Pollution prevention strategies reflect factors.
Pollution prevention achieves the twin goals of resource conservation and environmental protection.
Pollution prevention begins with the individual.
Pollution prevention can also help maintain the value of property.
Pollution prevention can also reduce or eliminate long-term liabilities and cleanup costs.
Pollution prevention can help achieve goals faster.
Pollution prevention can increase operational efficiency.
Pollution prevention has many benefits.
Pollution prevention helps the company's bottom line.
Pollution prevention includes source reduction, recycling, and reuse.
Pollution prevention is a central theme in each industrial process that is examined.
Pollution prevention is a classic good investment.
Pollution prevention is a core practice for modern environmental management systems.
Pollution prevention is a growing program, which seeks ways to avoid creating wastes.
Pollution prevention is a guiding principle in all decontamination and demolition projects.
Pollution prevention is a particularly useful approach in agriculture.
Pollution prevention is a powerful tool.
Pollution prevention is a pro-active approach to creating a clean, healthy environment.
Pollution prevention is a strategy to eliminate material waste from being generated.
Pollution prevention is accomplished through changes in processes and materials used.
Pollution prevention is also a priority.
Pollution prevention is an alternative to pollution control.
Pollution prevention is an effective method of protecting the earth's valuable natural resources.
Pollution prevention is an idea whose time has come.
Pollution prevention is an investment.
Pollution prevention is analogous to preventive medicine.
Pollution prevention is based on a simple but powerful idea.
Pollution prevention is built into facility planning, systems, machinery and new construction.
Pollution prevention is clean, cheap and smart.
Pollution prevention is essential to reducing nonpoint source pollution.
Pollution prevention is far more cost effective than treating pollution after it occurs.
Pollution prevention is good business.
Pollution prevention is identified as the preferred approach for achieving that goal.
Pollution prevention is important for a variety of reasons.
Pollution prevention is integrated into business planning.
Pollution prevention is integrated into pre-manufacturing decisions.
Pollution prevention is much less expensive.
Pollution prevention is one element of sustainability.
Pollution prevention is one of many environmental protection tools.
Pollution prevention is stressed throughout all aspects of the program.
Pollution prevention is the answer.
Pollution prevention is the best way to protect the environment.
Pollution prevention is the key to decreasing nonpoint source pollution.
Pollution prevention is the key.
Pollution prevention is the maximum feasible reduction of all wastes generated at production sites.
Pollution prevention is the most effective approach to addressing the toxics crisis.
Pollution prevention is the most effective way means to better protect their health.
Pollution prevention is the preferred method in our environmental work.
Pollution prevention is the preferred method in the hierarchy of environmental practices.
Pollution prevention is the reduction or elimination of discharges or emissions to the environment.
Pollution prevention is the reduction or elimination of pollution at the source.
Pollution prevention is the technique of eliminating waste generation before it occurs.
Pollution prevention is their focus.
Pollution prevention is to be the preferred strategy wherever possible.
Pollution prevention is very process and situation specific.
Pollution prevention makes economic sense.
Pollution prevention makes environmental and economic sense.
Pollution prevention means source reduction.
Pollution prevention needs to be approached from a similar perspective for it to be effective.
Pollution prevention needs to be integrated with safe drinking water programs.
Pollution prevention occupies the top rung of a hierarchy of environmental protection methods.
Pollution prevention provides a solution.
Pollution prevention reduces unwanted hazardous substances at their source.
Pollution prevention remains the key to effectively dealing with nonpoint source pollution.
Pollution prevention requires a new attitude about pollution control.
Pollution prevention requires investment in education.
Pollution prevention seeks to eliminate the causes of pollution rather than treating waste.
Pollution prevention stops creation of toxic wastes, rather than relying on waste management.
Pollution prevention works best when industry and government work together.
Pollution prevention yields a much higher rate of return than most company investments.
Pollution problems occur in areas.
Pollution sources include chemical plants.
Pollution sources include plants.
Pollution taxes are a form of consumption tax too.
Pollution taxes are an ideal way to deal with pollution.
Pollution taxes are inherently justifiable because pollution has a cost.
Pollution taxes boast another unique and attractive feature.
Pollution abounds, abatement is desirable and perspective is essential.
Pollution acts to decrease the number of available ecological niches, thus reducing biodiversity.
Pollution affected by wind is good and bad for different people.
Pollution affects air, water, animals, and plants.
Pollution affects air.
Pollution affects children more than most adults, so it is particularly serious in schools.
Pollution affects environments.
Pollution affects everyone in the world today - and in the future.
Pollution affects habitats.
Pollution affects human societies.
Pollution affects life.
Pollution affects many smaller organisms.
Pollution affects marine life.
Pollution affects monk seal habitats.
Pollution affects nest habitats.
Pollution affects north american weather.
Pollution affects our food sources, water supplies, and air quality.
Pollution affects photosynthesis.
Pollution affects societies.
Pollution affects survival.
Pollution affects the health and welfare of humans and other organisms.
Pollution affects weather.
Pollution also accounts for a considerable number of fish kills.
Pollution also affects significantly human health and all lifeforms on Earth.
Pollution also comes from sewage and industrial waste put into rivers.
Pollution also contributes to forest degradation.
Pollution also damages natural systems.
Pollution also enters our personal lives, affecting our individual health and well being.
Pollution also has a dramatic effect on natural resources.
Pollution also is a possible threat to horseshoe crabs.
Pollution also makes using the beach less enjoyable for humans.
Pollution also needs to be considered inside our homes, offices, and schools.
Pollution also poses a threat to estuaries.
Pollution also threatens the economic, aesthetic and recreational value of our marshes.
Pollution arises as a consequence of production and consumption both activities generate bads .
Pollution arises from fish faecal waste and uneaten food.
Pollution arising from car traffic causes bronchial and asthmatic diseases.
Pollution associated with boating is preventable.
Pollution becomes a problem.
Pollution becomes big problems.
Pollution becomes problems.
Pollution bellows out of Texas smokestacks.
Pollution builds up overnight at ground level during stagnant, calm, cold periods.
Pollution can add different gases or dust and soot.
Pollution can affect air, land, sea water, fresh water ecosystems.
Pollution can affect both adults and turtles in the egg.
Pollution can affect rain, rivers, lakes, oceans and groundwater.
Pollution can also affect dugong physiologically through the bio accumulation of toxic compounds.
Pollution can also affect wildlife and contribute to extinction.
Pollution can also be garbage that people throw on the ground or into the ocean, lakes or rivers.
Pollution can also be the consequence of a natural disaster.
Pollution can also cause unpredictable death of fish or decrease their reproductive rate.
Pollution can also eliminate food for sturgeon.
Pollution can also have a synergistic, or combined, effect.
Pollution can also hurt animal and plant populations.
Pollution can also pose a risk to our health, especially during a vicious heatwave in the summer.
Pollution can be a simple example of market failure.
Pollution can be a trigger for some people but it is only one of many things that can affect asthma.
Pollution can be diffusion of instrument content.
Pollution can be harmful to our Earth and all living creatures.
Pollution can bring about sickness and death in a myriad of ways.
Pollution can change a water's pH, which in turn can harm animals and plants living in the water.
Pollution can come from a number of places.
Pollution can come from houses, from factories, and from roads.
Pollution can come from industry, agricultural practices and other sources.
Pollution can come from paint, carpet and other indoor items.
Pollution can corrode connector backshells and even internal contact surfaces.
Pollution can effect the environment as well, but also in our minds.
Pollution can enter coastal waters in stormwater runoff and by way of leaky septic systems.
Pollution can enter the air or streams imposing costs on others.
Pollution can go up in the clouds and then move to another state and even around the world.
Pollution can impact many of an organism's life functions and essential activities.
Pollution can kill animals and fish.
Pollution can kill living organisms directly and selectively, affecting biodiversity in the oceans.
Pollution can lower the pH of the water, affecting all organisms from algae to vertebrates .
Pollution can make an aquifer unfit.
Pollution can make breathing difficult and lead to cardiac arrest.
Pollution can occur in the air or in water.
Pollution can poison cats and cause physical damage as well as death.
Pollution can prevent some streams from being used for their classified purposes.
Pollution can significantly lower oxygen content in water and threaten aquatic life.
Pollution can take many forms.
Pollution cans have effects.
Pollution cans have impact.
Pollution cans have serious impact.
Pollution causes adverse effects.
Pollution causes adverse health effects.
Pollution causes cardiovascular problems.
Pollution causes diseases.
Pollution causes effects.
Pollution causes free radicals to form in bodies.
Pollution causes health effects.
Pollution causes health problems.
Pollution causes illnesses.
Pollution causes problems.
Pollution causes someone, animal or human, to suffer.
Pollution causes stress.
Pollution causes widespread harm to .
Pollution changes patterns.
Pollution changes the quality and quantity of food available to corals.
Pollution changes weather patterns.
Pollution clean up for the operation of building laws is excluded.
Pollution comes from both rural and urban areas.
Pollution comes from diffuse sources.
Pollution comes from man-made items.
Pollution comes from more diffuse sources.
Pollution comes from sources.
Pollution comes in all shapes and sizes.
Pollution comes in many forms.
Pollution connected with agricultural production is, however, the most dangerous problem.
Pollution continues to increase and is causing real problems.
Pollution continues to threaten the environment, as well.
Pollution contributes to air pollution.
Pollution contributes to destruction.
Pollution contributes to pollution.
Pollution creates conditions.
Pollution creates contaminated food sources and adversely affects recreational activities.
Pollution creates problems.
Pollution creates smogs.
Pollution creates stressful conditions.
Pollution crosses all boundaries.
Pollution decreases rainfall.
Pollution derives primarily from immorality.
Pollution despoils the very environment upon which all life depends.
Pollution destroys animal habitats.
Pollution destroys habitats.
Pollution destroys vital body nutrients and stress uses up minerals and B-vitamins.
Pollution Discuss the ecofeminist perspective on pollution.
Pollution disrupts the natural food chain as well.
Pollution disturbs our ecosystem and the balance in the environment.
Pollution drops when workers get involved.
Pollution eating microbes colonize in the oxidized zone surrounding the root surface.
Pollution emanating from the Asian landmass is detectable in Hawaii.
Pollution entering animal habitats is an adverse hurricane impact.
Pollution exists for centuries.
Pollution feeds the algae and the algae chokes the life out of many reef systems.
Pollution further reduces the supply of safe drinking water.
Pollution further threatens groundwater reserves.
Pollution generated by coke making is of substantial environmental concern.
Pollution gets everywhere.
Pollution goes on unregulated.
Pollution goes onto a neighbor's property.
Pollution happens all the time, every minute, every second of the day.
Pollution harms private individuals and private property.
Pollution has a disastrous effect on the ecology of a region.
Pollution has a long history.
Pollution has cumulative ecological effects such as acid rain, global warming, or ozone depletion.
Pollution has devastate effects.
Pollution has effects.
Pollution has impact.
Pollution has negative impact.
Pollution has no boundaries.
Pollution helps weeds take over prairies .
Pollution helps weeds take over prairies.
Pollution hurts Philadelphia - even from west ibling rivalry can be good.
Pollution impacts health.
Pollution impacts on ecosystems.
Pollution is a big concern.
Pollution is a big problem, especially in the city.
Pollution is a class issue, and in that case they made a race issue.
Pollution is a common problem for Europe and the world.
Pollution is a damaging excess of contaminants.
Pollution is a general term to describe the destruction of an environment.
Pollution is a global problem.
Pollution is a global reality for the entire biosphere.
Pollution is a good one.
Pollution is a harmful change in the natural environment caused by human activities.
Pollution is a huge issues for turtles, specifically littering.
Pollution is a less visible and potentially insidious threat to amphibian survival.
Pollution is a major cause of poor public health in Russia today.
Pollution is a major contributor in terms of global resource destruction.
Pollution is a major human-induced problem.
Pollution is a major problem, but is accepted as the price for rapid growth.
Pollution is a major problem.
Pollution is a major world-wide problem against which many powerful interests are being marshaled.
Pollution is a man-made problem.
Pollution is a necessary by-product of production.
Pollution is a prime example.
Pollution is a problem chiefly in Pacific coastal waters and marginal seas near cities.
Pollution is a problem Many lakes are polluted, and sport fishing suffers because fish are dying.
Pollution is a problem that many people have tried to solve.
Pollution is a problem, transportation is a problem, homeless people are a problem.
Pollution is a problem.
Pollution is a relative term.
Pollution is a secondary effect of humans.
Pollution is a serious problem in New York.
Pollution is a serious problem wherever smelting is taking place.
Pollution is a serious problem.
Pollution is a serious threat to wild life, especially in areas where lots of people live.
Pollution is a sign of economic inefficiency.
Pollution is a simplified way of classifying a multitude of harmful acts and elements.
Pollution is a social justice issue.
Pollution is a terrible reality.
Pollution is a threat to the industry.
Pollution is a trespass against the rights of other property owners.
Pollution is a trigger for asthma sufferers, and the heat of summer often makes the condition worse.
Pollution is a universal problem.
Pollution is a word without corporeal example.
Pollution is a worldwide problem and it needs to be addressed.
Pollution is also a big factor in the extinction of the species.
Pollution is also a big problem indoors.
Pollution is also a concern.
Pollution is also a factor in the environmental destructiveness of coca and poppy cultivation.
Pollution is also a factor.
Pollution is also a threat to manatees.
Pollution is also an issue.
Pollution is also another factor that gives rise to variegated bud-sport.
Pollution is also due to diffuse discharges of chemicals from a variety of sources.
Pollution is also responsible for many bird deaths.
Pollution is an environmental condition
Pollution is an equal opportunity destroyer.
Pollution is an example of a spillover cost.
Pollution is an example of an externality.
Pollution is an example.
Pollution is an extremely brief, but informative presentation.
Pollution is an impurity
Pollution is an increasing problem in some areas.
Pollution is an indirect product of driving a car.
Pollution is an inherent part of their design.
Pollution is an ongoing problem, though great strides have been made in recent decades.
Pollution is an ongoing threat to water-based recreation, fishing and tourism.
Pollution is an unwanted material that plagues a large part of the world.
Pollution is another concern that can adversely affect wildlife.
Pollution is another consideration.
Pollution is another example.
Pollution is another factor, creating an unhealthy environmental for the fish to live in.
Pollution is another important cause of extinctions.
Pollution is another major threat to the creek .
Pollution is another problem caused by consumption.
Pollution is another problem that threatens fresh water.
Pollution is another problem.
Pollution is another red flag.
Pollution is another result of capitalism.
Pollution is another threat caused by man.
Pollution is another threat to non-vascular plants.
Pollution is another way that big corporations kill.
Pollution is anything that spoils the environment.
Pollution is as bad as usual.
Pollution is as great a threat to aquatic ecosystems as river and lake depletion.
Pollution is awful .
Pollution is back.
Pollution is bad for the Earth and all the people and animals that live on it.
Pollution is bad for the environment.
Pollution is bad why, because it kills.
Pollution is bad.
Pollution is believed by many scientists to be responsible for the onset of climate change.
Pollution is caused by humans.
Pollution is caused by powerful polluters.
Pollution is caused by selfish individuals who lack self-control.
Pollution is caused by the over development that has happened over the past decade or two.
Pollution is clearly an important issue for all organisms inhabiting our planet.
Pollution is concentrated around urban areas.
Pollution is contamination of the environment by harmful substances.
Pollution is controlled at waste treatment plants and chemical plants using air structures.
Pollution is controlled by encouraging the optimum use of products that minimize contamination.
Pollution is crime.
Pollution is danger.
Pollution is defined as a contamination, especially of air or water.
Pollution is defined as an imbalance of a system resulting from human activity.
Pollution is defined as noxious chemicals or refuse that impairs purity.
Pollution is definitely a problem going into the new millennium.
Pollution is difficult to control from bare, trampled soil.
Pollution is emphasized and related to natural resources use.
Pollution is environmental conditions.
Pollution is everywhere.
Pollution is generally most severe in the late fall, when temperature inversions are common.
Pollution is generated during road construction, maintenance, and use.
Pollution is good for the economy.
Pollution is harmful to everything, especially oceans.
Pollution is harmful to plants, animals, and people.
Pollution is important for human health but can also affect ecosystem function at a regional scale.
Pollution is impurities.
Pollution is in the air, ground and water.
Pollution is increased when population density increases.
Pollution is just a subset of depletion.
Pollution is located in air.
Pollution is located in oceans.
Pollution is located in streets.
Pollution is man-made.
Pollution is money going up the chimney, down the sewer, or out the door into waste trucks.
Pollution is more severe in the downstream sections.
Pollution is most likely to blame for lower numbers.
Pollution is much less that it used to be.
Pollution is no respecter of political borders.
Pollution is non-existent from a heavy industry standpoint.
Pollution is non-existing and congestion occurs only at morning mail pick up.
Pollution is now so drastic that it is unsafe to go outside.
Pollution is of concern to special forces and amphibious operations from several perspectives.
Pollution is on the rise.
Pollution is one of the American public's greatest environmental concerns.
Pollution is one of the biggest problems facing lobster populations.
Pollution is one of the greatest impacts by humans on ecosystems.
Pollution is one of the greatest problems modern society is facing.
Pollution is one of the major issues concerning the proposed coke plant.
Pollution is one of the many modern health hazards.
Pollution is one potential agent of change in estuarine fish populations.
Pollution is one reason so many animals are endangered.
Pollution is one such negative externality.
Pollution is one way humans impact the oceans.
Pollution is only a minor problem.
Pollution is only a small etiologic factor in the cause of cancer.
Pollution is only a surface problem.
Pollution is out of hand.
Pollution is particularly dangerous to amphibians like frogs and toads.
Pollution is perceived to be a relatively recent problem, created solely by man.
Pollution is permitted because individuals can control personal, home environment.
Pollution is pretty bad but one adapts.
Pollution is prevented on many levels.
Pollution is probably the most important threat to water quality in estuaries.
Pollution is reduced because less fuel is required.
Pollution is renewable.
Pollution is result of misallocation of resources and is easily managed.
Pollution is severe in the region.
Pollution is someone else's problem.
Pollution is supposed to be lessened, so that the streams can be cleaned up.
Pollution is the cause of all acid deposition.
Pollution is the condition that results when pollutants interact with the environment.
Pollution is the contamination of air, soil, or water by the discharge of harmful substances.
Pollution is the introduction of a contaminant into the natural environment.
Pollution is the introduction of harmful contaminants into air, water or soil.
Pollution is the introduction of harmful materials into the environment.
Pollution is the introduction of harmful or poisonous substances into an ecosystem.
Pollution is the most important coastal problem.
Pollution is the path to super races of creatures.
Pollution is the release of harmful substances into the environment.
Pollution is the scourge of our age but fear is more crippling.
Pollution is the worst foe of a healthy ecosystem.
Pollution is theft, and theft is a moral problem.
Pollution is thus a threat to life.
Pollution is too much of something that causes the water and the organisms in the water to die.
Pollution is undesirable, but also unavoidable.
Pollution is undesirable, but unavoidable.
Pollution is undoubtedly the most serious problem in Mexico City.
Pollution is universal.
Pollution is usually a good measure of inefficiency.
Pollution is usually harmful to one or more species of animal or plant.
Pollution is very bad for the ozone.
Pollution is very severe here.
Pollution is violence.
Pollution is waste.
Pollution is when someone releases something harmful into the environment.
Pollution is widespread and people are dying because of it.
Pollution is worse when the whole person is defiled, as in the case of fornication.
Pollution isa condition.
Pollution isa impurity.
Pollution kills lobsters.
Pollution kills many plants and animals.
Pollution kills one person every hour in the capital.
Pollution kills the seagrass and other plants which manatees and dugongs eat.
Pollution knows no borders.
Pollution knows no boundaries.
Pollution knows no frontiers.
Pollution leads to a variety of health problems.
Pollution leads to diseases.
Pollution leads to respiratory diseases.
Pollution limits growth.
Pollution makes a bad situation worse, since it tends to deplete the negative ion count even more.
Pollution makes it hard to attract new businesses and skilled labor to the workforce.
Pollution makes it more difficult and costly to clean water.
Pollution makes marine species vulnerable to disease by weakening their immune systems.
Pollution makes Mexico City largely uninhabitable.
Pollution makes some streams unsuitable for human use.
Pollution makes the air dry and the water unusable.
Pollution means Execution.
Pollution negatively affects humans and other living things.
Pollution occurs as a by-product of some other activity.
Pollution occurs when a resource is used incompletely.
Pollution overtakes the island.
Pollution poses threat to seals because it concentrates in body fat which seals have a lot of.
Pollution pours into our water and our air.
Pollution puts environmental pressure on many species.
Pollution reacts with heat and sunlight to create smog.
Pollution recognizes no borders.
Pollution reduces transparencies.
Pollution remains a serious threat.
Pollution rides into the Arctic on the winds.
Pollution runs off the rod into our lake.
Pollution runs rampant through our global environment.
Pollution runs rampant.
Pollution seriously threatens the wildlife of the Mississippi.
Pollution slightly increases when built in larger cities.
Pollution spreads through water just like the food coloring does.
Pollution take many forms.
Pollution takes many forms, but one type is often overlooked.
Pollution tends to be highest at stops.
Pollution tends to reduce water clarity.
Pollution threatens aquatic life.
Pollution threatens fish and other wildlife.
Pollution threatens life.
Pollution threatens our beautiful rivers, lakes and oceans.
Pollution threatens their habitat.
Pollution travels freely through the common air that bathes the globe.
Pollution washing off farms is the biggest t hreat to water quality in our rivers.
Pollution washing off farms is the biggest threat to water quality in our rivers.
Pollutions is no longer a local or even a national phenomenon.
Pollution sometimes turns waters anoxic today in regions that lack good circulation.
Pollution usually happens without our awareness, making prevention difficult.
All pollution is waste.
More pollution is emitted from the average home compared to the average car.
More pollution is seen as the result of any effort to return balance to the environmental equation.
Most pollution affects human societies.
Most pollution affects life.
Most pollution affects marine life.
Most pollution affects monk seal habitats.
Most pollution affects nest habitats.
Most pollution affects north american weather.
Most pollution affects weather.
Most pollution becomes big problems.
Most pollution becomes problems.
Most pollution causes adverse effects.
Most pollution causes adverse health effects.
Most pollution causes cardiovascular problems.
Most pollution causes effects.
Most pollution causes health effects.
Most pollution causes health problems.
Most pollution causes illnesses.
Most pollution causes problems.
Most pollution comes from diffuse sources.
Most pollution comes from many small and sometimes unidentifiable sources.
Most pollution comes from more diffuse sources.
Most pollution comes from sources.
Most pollution comes from up the sewershed.
Most pollution creates conditions.
Most pollution creates problems.
Most pollution creates smogs.
Most pollution creates stressful conditions.
Most pollution decreases rainfall.
Most pollution destroys animal habitats.
Most pollution destroys habitats.
Most pollution exists for centuries.
Most pollution has devastate effects.
Most pollution has effects.
Most pollution has impact.
Most pollution has negative impact.
Most pollution is a product of large numbers.
Most pollution is caused by diesel and petrol driven motor vehicles.
Most pollution is caused by humans.
Most pollution is in working-class and poor neighborhoods.
Most pollution leads to diseases.
Most pollution leads to respiratory diseases.
Most pollution occurs in localized areas of watersheds.
Most pollution threatens aquatic life.
Most pollution threatens life.
Some pollution affects amphibians.
Some pollution affects hearts.
Some pollution affects human health.
Some pollution affects sea turtles.
Some pollution affects trees.
Some pollution affects women.
Some pollution causes accumulation.
Some pollution causes acid rain.
Some pollution causes cancer.
Some pollution causes death.
Some pollution causes explosions.
Some pollution causes fungal infection.
Some pollution causes high mortality.
Some pollution causes infection.
Some pollution causes lichens.
Some pollution causes lung cancer.
Some pollution causes mortality.
Some pollution causes precipitation.
Some pollution causes premature death.
Some pollution causes rain.
Some pollution causes sea turtle mortality.
Some pollution changes over decades.
Some pollution changes over few decades.
Some pollution changes over last decades.
Some pollution changes over last few decades.
Some pollution comes from burns.
Some pollution contributes to smogs.
Some pollution does appear in the river, however, after it flows through certain cities.
Some pollution has possibility.
Some pollution has sex.
Some pollution increases gases.
Some pollution increases greenhouse gases.
Some pollution increases radiation.
Some pollution interferes with ability.
Some pollution involves accumulation.
Some pollution is caused by combustion.
Some pollution is caused by fractures.
Some pollution is caused by hydraulic fractures.
Some pollution is caused by runoff.
Some pollution is caused by urban runoff.
Some pollution is faced by astronomers.
Some pollution is faced by optical astronomers.
Some pollution kills humans.
Some pollution leads to accumulation.
Some pollution leads to death.
Some pollution leads to extinction.
Some pollution leads to reductions.
Some pollution limits fish production.
Some pollution takes places.
A pollywog is a larva
Pollywogs scurry about as fish do what fish do.
Polo apparel is an Indian company located in the Bombay city of India.
Polo clubs rub elbows with the decayed city of Bridgeport.
Polo matches are also in vogue in the area.
Polo matches are great attractions at festive occasions.
A polo pony is a horse
Polo ponies are called ponies, but they are most often average riding horse size.
Polo ponies are no exception.
Polo ponies require two types of feed, hay and grain, in proper amounts.
Polo saddles are English-style , similar to jumping saddles .
Polo saddles are English-style, similar to jumping saddles.
A polo shirt is a shirt
Polo shirts are available in natural with taupe lettering and sand with tan lettering.
Polo shirts are shirts.
Polo shirts present another problem.
Polo shirts show logo on front only.
Polo styles come traditional and boxy, or trendy and fitted.
Polo suites feature a charming fireplace and offer an appetizing continental breakfast.
Polo sweater is a classic wardrobe.
Most polo umpires are active players.
Polo wraps are a great support, like galloping boots.
A polo is an outdoor game
Polo isa game.
Polo leaves an awful stink.
Polos have (part) regulation time.
Polos have (part) second periods.
All polos come with a ribbed collar.
