Child seats improve continuously.
Child slavery is a sad reality.
Child slavery is hidden because it is illegal.
Child soldiers are a large but often neglected humanitarian problem.
Child soldiers are among the saddest victims of conflict.
Child soldiers are by no means restricted to the conflict in Mindanao.
Child soldiers are cheaper to feed, less demanding, and more easily manipulated.
Child soldiers do very badly when they participate in war.
Child soldiers fight or assist front-line soldiers in most African conflicts.
Child soldiers ought to be an obvious target group for such measures.
Child soldiers require psychological assistance only feasible through specialized centres.
Child soldiers tell their own stories.
Child sponsorship is also available.
Child sponsorship is available in a variety of regions around the world.
Child sponsorship is available in many countries.
Child sponsorship is our primary source of funding.
Child sponsorship is the basic foundation of the organisation.
Child sponsorship is the basic foundation of the organization.
Child sponsorship works in as much that it brings western dollars flooding into agencies.
Child stars can be a tricky bunch.
Child supervision is appreciated.
Child support can be a challenging issue for many stepfamilies.
Child support can make a significant difference for many children with disabilities.
Child support combined with work is a crucial link for families seeking self-sufficiency.
Child support continues until a child reaches the age of eighteen.
Child support covers only ordinary living expenses for a child.
Child support credits Child support insurance Civil suits for domestic violence.
Child support find people.
Child support includes providing for medical support.
Child support is a civil obligation.
Child support is a different issue from child custody.
Child support is a message to a child.
Child support is a monthly liability.
Child support is a mutual duty.
Child support is a payment
Child support is a soldier s responsibility.
Child support is about much more than collecting overdue payments.
Child support is actually one of the additional barriers that is being identified right now.
Child support is always modifiable if one's income or job status changes.
Child support is always modifiable when there is a material change of circumstances.
Child support is always subject to change if there is a substantial change of circumstances.
Child support is an adult matter.
Child support is an area of law which generates more myths than almost any other area of family law.
Child support is an important factor in lifting children and families out of poverty.
Child support is an ongoing issue and can last a lifetime.
Child support is an undischargeable debt.
Child support is awarded in the best interests of the child.
Child support is based on ability of the father to pay and the needs of the child.
Child support is based on basic needs and requirements for children.
Child support is based on both parents' responsibility to provide for the child.
Child support is based on gross income.
Child support is based on the income of both parents.
Child support is based on the parents' earnings and on the child's needs.
Child support is calculated according to statutory child support guidelines.
Child support is calculated based on the amount of time each parent spends with the child.
Child support is calculated based on the income of both parents and the number of children.
Child support is calculated based upon BOTH parents incomes and timeshare with the children.
Child support is calculated by a formula.
Child support is calculated pursuant to a mandatory state child support guideline.
Child support is calculated under Missouri law according to a chart.
Child support is crucial when people are moving off of public assistance.
Child support is deemed to be the number one financial priority for all parents.
Child support is determined by a Statewide guideline.
Child support is determined by the income of the parties as well as other factors.
Child support is determined using the information in the work sheets.
Child support is due monthly on the first day of the month.
Child support is emphasized.
Child support is established by statutory guidelines.
Child support is for the care and maintenance of children.
Child support is generally determined under the Child Support Standards Act.
Child support is granted in California based on schedules.
Child support is important.
Child support is love and emotional support.
Child support is mandated by law.
Child support is mandated in the State of New Hampshire and determined by statute.
Child support is money paid by one parent to the other for support of the minor children.
Child support is money parents pay to help other people support their children.
Child support is neither deductible nor includable.
Child support is neither taxable income nor tax deductible.
Child support is neither taxable nor deductible.
Child support is never deductible, either for the parent who pays it, or the parent who receives it.
Child support is never deductible.
Child support is oftentimes an emotionally charged issue for several reasons.
Child support is one of the few things in divorce that is relatively certain.
Child support is our only business.
Child support is our process of replacing fathers with money.
Child support is paid first.
Child support is paid via a wage assignment unless otherwise agreed upon by the parents.
Child support is required for all children.
Child support is separate and distinct from alimony.
Child support is set by statute as a percentage of the person's net income.
Child support is set using state established guidelines and a formula.
Child support is society's way of organizing the financial contribution of both parents.
Child support is statutory.
Child support is taxable to the spouse paying it, and tax-free on the spouse receiving it.
Child support is tax-free income to the custodial parent.
Child support is the latest arena in the battle to overhaul America's welfare system.
Child support is the money that is paid to the party who has primary custody of the child.
Child support is the obligation of parents to provide financial support for their children.
Child support is the right of the child and visitation is the right of the parent.
Child support is to be calculated first.
Child support is very popular.
Child support is withheld from the absent parent s paycheck.
Child support plays such a critical role in the financial well being of a family.
Child support presents an altogether different situation from spousal maintenance.
Child support raises tough questions.
Child support requires a determination of reasonable needs as well as ability to pay.
Child support tends to be paid when both parents have equal access to their children after divorce.
Most child support is collected through payroll withholding.
Most child support is collected, and paid out promptly.
Child survival is a field of public health concerned with reducing child mortality.
Child welfare is a substantial thing in Sweden.
Child welfare is an example where state law is generally paramount.
Child work is a fairly widespread phenomenon in low income countries.
Child workers are also more vulnerable to physical and psychological abuse.
Child workers are another big problem.
Child workers are docile and easily controlled.
Child workers get education and a way of better living .
A child is a person
Child accepts and takes personal responsibility.
Child accepts content over socket and decrypts it.
Child accomplishes some motions with increasing precision, improving balance.
Child acquires language.
Child actively vomits, throwing up all stomach contents.
Child actually reads the text.
Child again reconstructs the world on the basis of rules, classes, numbers and relations.
Child agrees to edit the work and seeks a publisher.
Child also learns to spit.
Child also mimics adult activities.
Child answers questions about the story correctly.
Child appears at breakfast table in stained, torn clothing.
Child appears more sick than any previous episode of illness.
Child appears to have developmental delays in all areas.
Child are very precious and they are also very vulnerable passengers.
Child attempts to pair the containers by gently shaking and listening to the contents of each.
Child attempts to solve conflicts nonviolently.
Child attempts to write scribbles or draws picture.
Child attends the regular morning kindergarten session.
Child attends to story.
Child attends weekly.
Child becomes aware of gender differences.
Child becomes eligible for public school preschool services.
Child becomes gradually more unwell, with a temperature.
Child becomes very fussy or cranky, confused, always tired or refuses fluids.
Child becomes very pale and begins to sweat.
Child begins to consider consequences.
Child begins to develop internalized kind behavior.
Child begins to develop romantic relationships.
Child begins to experience body changes during puberty.
Child begins to explore genitals and other body parts unless stopped by parents or other adults.
Child begins to imitate some speech sounds.
Child begins to plan products using more than one view and often indicates the order of making.
Child begins to separate from parents.
Child begins to use more conventional spelling.
Child begins vomiting.
Child believes fire can do magical things.
Child blows into the straw placed in the bowl and makes bubbles.
Child born outside Singapore whose mother is a Singapore citizen.
Child can add the subtrahend and remainder to see if it equals the minuend.
Child can attend school or daycare unless too ill to take part in activities.
Child can bounce it also like a rubber ball.
Child can build their own equations, hit the activator button, hear the equation and the answer.
Child can carry crayons, matchbox cars, cards, figures, etc.
Child can choose level of difficulty.
Child can click automatic storyteller for some stories in English, Spanish or German.
Child can color and learn the alphabet at the same time.
Child can count how many square chains there are in a cube chain.
Child can cut it out depending on the age.
Child can cut out and sponge paint or they can glue tissue paper on to color it.
Child can describe, count and record contents.
Child can discriminate the patterns through specific attributes of the figure.
Child can either wear mask, or hold handle.
Child can engage in kind behavior without encouragement and prompting from adults.
Child can fit the blocks into holes in the pages of the story.
Child can follow simple instructions.
Child can just knead on a table.
Child can lift and turn head briefly while laying on stomach.
Child can plan in advance to do something nice for another.
Child can play alone or with others.
Child can play with the goop on any plastic covered surface.
Child can recognize and read all the words in the sentences of the poem.
Child can recognize major disparities in personal abilities relative to other children.
Child can resist negative peer pressure.
Child can sequence numbers and the story.
Child can share, comfort, protect, and encourage.
Child can slowly add milk and applesauce.
Child can start listening to the preacher.
Child can state at least one rule for using the computer when asked.
Child can strangle by becoming entrapped in cutout.
Child can strangle by becoming trapped in gap between mattress and end panels or sides.
Child can then tear small pieces of different colored tissue paper, and place on to sticky sides.
Child can understand adult instructions for kind behavior when words are combined with actions.
Child can understand and imitate adult behavior.
Child can use the counter to total- the equation.
Child can write and create secret messages with a wet erase marker.
Child can write and create secret messages with wet erase marker.
Child can write or dictate the story.
Child care financial assistance so members can return to school or maintain employment.
Child care over and above the time indicated on the voucher is the responsibility of the volunteer.
Child care primary duty.
Child cares cost and quality.
Child cares services for parents with young children.
Child charms local recyclers.
Child chooses own work with teacher guidance within prepared environment.
Child chooses to work alone or with a friend.
Child climbing down, falls.
Child collaborates with peers at the computer.
Child come under all appearance unless refuse adidas soccer balls.
Child come under all appearance unless refuse syarcuse collectibles.
Child comes across dead or dying animal.
Child comes wearing clothes that are inappropriate for playing in water and sand.
Child competes against self.
Child complains of feeling a breathing obstruction.
Child complains of itchy, painful ears.
Child complains that when swallowing, throat feels dry and sore.
Child composes numbers on the bead frame and composes the number on their notation paper.
Child contains articles about child development and health.
Child continues to play with product and grab for it as it is in motion.
Child covers one eye or has poor posture when reading or doing near work.
Child covers one eye when reading.
Child covers the whole of the paper with paint using a sponge.
Child crawls through legs.
Child crawls under the bridge made by adult's body.
Child currently lives with father, stepmother, and siblings.
Child cuts a 'fringe' around each circle.
Child decides when the drawing is complete.
Child demonstrates unfriendly behavior toward an adult in the computer area .
Child describes of a card than inform sleepy township.
Child deserves to be born into a loving family.
Child develops a fever.
Child develops a yellow discharge from ear canal.
Child develops accuracy in decoding.
Child develops good pronunciation.
Child develops increased anxiety.
Child develops struggle behaviors to get through dysfluencies.
Child develops vocabulary and comprehension of new words.
Child dictates one or more sentences and copies it.
Child dictates one or more sentences, copies it, and can read it back.
Child dictates to another person and then copies what is dictated.
Child dies or signal unblocks process.
Child dislikes to be washed or bathed.
Child displays self-injurious behavior.
Child does oral problem solving.
Child does parquetry, fitting colored blocks together to match a picture.
Child does the exercise independently.
Child draws a card and removes that number of objects from the box.
Child draws a picture of what is to be made and begins to label the key parts.
Child draws the other half.
Child dreams about fire at night.
Child emends to knave which seems sensible, but does damage the rhyme.
Child emends to the .
Child enjoys great adventures with grandma by the ocean.
Child exerts great control.
Child exhibits a sudden drop in academic performance.
Child exhibits self help and independence.
Child experiences frequent mood swings.
Child fails to bring assignments home.
Child falls while learning to walk and develops a non displaced spiral tibial fracture.
Child feels like vomiting or throwing up.
Child feels safe in home, school and neighborhood.
Child feels threatened, frustrated or embarrassed.
Child feels unwanted, unloved or least liked.
Child feels weak and tired.
Child fills in blank.
Child find and do the problem.
Child Find Operation Child Find links and services.
Child find responsibilities, compensatory education, etc.
Child Find The children of Texas come in all sizes, shapes, colors and abilities.
Child finds fun.
Child fingerprinting is available.
Child follows story from left to right and top down with eyes or fingers.
Child follows text, left to right, top to bottom, with eyes or finger.
Child follows the directions in drawing lines up, down, right to left, etc.
Child forced-labor is more than wanted in Haiti.
Child frowns, hits, or pushes to gain or maintain control of computer.
Child gets a feeling of accomplishment from the very first lesson by reading little stories .
Child gets one on one schooling adapted to their needs.
Child gets to stay up past designated bedtime the same number of minutes practiced.
Child gets up and walks away.
Child gives correct answer to amth problem.
Child gives incorrect response.
Child gives reason for grouping.
Child goes back to work and is doing well.
Child goes back, etc.
Child goes buys the eggs, milk, and a can of pop.
Child goes under and around.
Child growing up in a friendly atmosphere loves the world.
Child guesses choo choo train when reads the sentence.
Child has a constant cough.
Child has a fever.
Child has a good secure feeling of self.
Child has a hard time breathing.
Child has a parent on active duty in the uniformed services of the United States.
Child has a particular health problem.
Child has a program loaded into it.
Child has a scar on the forhead.
Child has a sense of purpose.
Child has a sudden fear of strangers, a relative or a sitter.
Child has a thick yellow or green colored nasal discharge.
Child has B average or better.
Child has coaching experience at all levels.
Child has empathy, sensitivity, and friendship skills.
Child has health problems like headaches or stomachaches that seem to be stress-related.
Child has high self-esteem.
Child has knowledge of and comfort with people of different racial backgrounds.
Child has long hair.
Child has multiple ear piercings and scars on upper right arm.
Child has new nicknames.
Child has nightmares or other sleep disturbances.
Child has no concept of property.
Child has no energy and is difficult to wake up.
Child has no ''home state'' in military family's custody fight.
Child has no idea about the majority of the design criteria in advance.
Child has obsessive or compulsive fire thoughts and behaviors.
Child has pain when the earlobe is moved up and down.
Child has problems concentrating.
Child has problems in school.
Child has red strawberry-birthmark behind left ear, scar on left knee.
Child has seven versions of the ballad.
Child has severe pain during the day or night.
Child has significant difficulty imitating words and phrases.
Child has skill to plan ahead and make choices.
Child has smaller absolute urine volume but larger proportionate urine output per kg body weight.
Child has some water experience and is comfortable with head under water.
Child has strong religious convictions.
Child has symptoms of a possible communicable disease .
Child has tattoos or clothing or other items with insignias or logos.
Child has to apologize to the victims.
Child has to be taught every bit of information likely learned by normal hearing peers effortlessly.
Child has to copy designs from a legend into the corresponding number.
Child has to figure out what that sequence is.
Child has to follow parent s schedule, perceptions, and needs.
Child has to learn to aim and protrude tongue past the lips.
Child has to put story cards in the correct order to show how a story progresses.
Child has to sit quietly in a time-out area or other designated area while other kids play.
Child has trouble hearing voices or other sounds.
Child has truancy problem and poor school performance.
Child hears gossip and slander in back seat of car on the way home from church.
Child hears pairs of words and points to corresponding pairs of pictures.
Child hides sex play from parents.
Child holds book right side up in an upright position.
Child holds head at an extreme angle to the book when reading.
Child holds the ear and is restless, anxious, fearful.
Child ignores parents' request to perform some household task and continues to watch television.
Child includes the connective form.
Child indicates happy man face.
Child initiates both motor and intellectual activities.
Child initiates the music by pressing button on arm of chair.
Child instantaneously drops to the ground.
Child is a brief book that can be read in one sitting.
Child is a chronic runaway.
Child is a duplicate of the parent process.
Child is a master.
Child is a pleasure to work with.
Child is a suspense writer to be reckoned with.
Child is a vigorous storyteller, gradually building the suspense to almost unbearable levels.
Child is able to think abstractly and to consider hypothetical situations.
Child is about to hit another with a block.
Child is abused, neglected or at risk.
Child is active, impulsive, and demanding.
Child is adopted by foster carers.
Child is aggressive, hostile or makes threats.
Child is apprehensive when other children cry.
Child is asked for definitions of words.
Child is asked to check their schedule.
Child is asked to draw a picture of a person.
Child is asked to repeat individual, and then strings of, syllables.
Child is at risk due to abductor's armed and fugitive status.
Child is attracted to the opposite sex or aware of the lack of attraction.
Child is believed to be in South Carolina.
Child is believed to be with the non-custodial mother.
Child is bored, and indifferent.
Child is buried in Damascus.
Child is cherubic and perfect.
Child is clingy and forms indiscriminate attachments.
Child is comfortable with people from other cultures.
Child is comfortable, no fever at present, happy, alert.
Child is confused or has stiff neck.
Child is cruel to animals.
Child is currently on a promotional tour for the book.
Child is defined as a human being from the time of fertilization.
Child is despondent.
Child is discharge with a dx of viral syndrome.
Child is discharged home with parents.
Child is engaged fully.
Child is evaluated.
Child is excluded from school.
Child is excused from chores and schoolwork.
Child is extremely clingy to adults.
Child is forced into secrecy and made to feel guilty.
Child is found eligible for services.
Child is free to determine criteria for decision.
Child is frightened of going home.
Child is given picture to copy by placing pieces in base.
Child is given songwriting credit on three of the nine tracks here.
Child is home under the care of an older sibling.
Child is hunched over.
Child is hyervigilant.
Child is hyper when blood sugar is high, opposite symptoms than adult.
Child is ill and unable to be at the provider.
Child is in constant motion, running or climbing excessively.
Child is inconsolable, wants to be carried, screams with the pains and is very angry.
Child is inconsolable.
Child is internationally the appropriate term and in the South African Constitution it is also used.
Child is lazy.
Child is less active than normal or is unusually sleepy.
Child is like a sunrise or a sunset most of the times it just happens - child is the gift of life.
Child is like the most expensive and uncorrective writing material.
Child is more dissolved than adult.
Child is motivated to do well in school.
Child is neither denigrated nor outwitted.
Child is nonverbal and has many fine motor delays.
Child is often a social outcast due to the difficulty to communicate easily.
Child is overly concerned with caretaking needs.
Child is placed on waiting list.
Child is productive and pursues many interests.
Child is psychologically stable with a stable family structure.
Child is redirected.
Child is reevaluated.
Child is rescued by classmates.
Child is rewarded after each.
Child is scolded for spills.
Child is slightly irritable, no other symptoms.
Child is slumped in a corner with a dirty needle.
Child is stubborn and always wants to have own way.
Child is sweaty, especially the head and back of the neck, especially at night.
Child is taught some letter sounds as one of the strategies to be used in figuring out a word.
Child is taught to memorize sight words.
Child is the father to man.
Child is the most beautiful gift for a couple.
Child is thirstless, pathetic, clingy, wants to be carried and cuddled.
Child is toilet trained.
Child is unable to excel beyond the group norm.
Child is unable to write words, but is capable of drawing pictures.
Child is uncomfortable when wet.
Child is unusually quiet.
Child is wary of physical contact with adults.
Child is watched for all signs of recurring strep infections.
Child is weepy, restless and thirstless.
Child is with father.
Child is written up for infraction, talk with parent.
Child isa individual.
Child isa person.
Child isa somebody.
Child isa someone.
Child jumps or hops over the rod.
Child keeps secret about where and with whom time is being spent.
Child keeps the eye covered or refuses to open it.
Child kicks off covers at night.
Child labels pictures in the story.
Child labour an analytical study .
Child lacks ability to form close relationships.
Child lacks the motivation to attend college, yet has the ability to do college preparatory work.
Child learns about angels, sacraments and the basic prayers.
Child learns about the world through senses, action, and direct experience.
Child learns basic prayers.
Child learns first hand the special fun of gravity.
Child learns how to resist negative pressures fro others.
Child learns language rapidly.
Child learns the alphabet first.
Child learns to coordinate while having a lot of fun.
Child learns to relax muscles.
Child learns to spell correctly.
Child learns to submerge face and float.
Child learns to win recognition by producing things.
Child leaves house.
Child lies flat on back.
Child lies in right foreground, attacked by two demons, one is horned.
Child lies on abdomen in a head-down position.
Child likes to play, but just kisses, and the other dog likes to wretle with chew toys.
Child lives nearly near a major artery where lead-contaminated dust and soil are generated.
Child lives with mom who expresses an inability of handling son.
Child locks self in bathroom by accident.
Child look alike dolls.
Child makes freely free from all cares.
Child makes independent computer related choices and expresses enthusiasm in several ways.
Child makes slow progress in speech therapy.
Child makes strategic decisions for the Journey West.
Child means a person under eighteen years of age.
Child means a person under the age of eighteen years.
Child misses activities or life is too often disorganized and chaotic.
Child misses most of group discussions.
Child molesting for same sex partners is likely to lead to adult homosexuality.
Child monopolizes the computer .
Child needs a night light.
Child needs therapist with apraxia experience.
Child needs to be acclimated to the water.
Child needs to be burped frequently to remove swallowed air.
Child needs to learn to explore the world, to develop a sense of autonomy.
Child needs to learn to feel good from accomplishment and contribution.
Child needs to necessarily understand that arguments are a part of life.
Child never complains about headaches.
Child never eats after midnight.
Child never operates heavy equipment anymore.
Child normally sleeps well if full day of activity.
Child objects inherit properties from their parents.
Child omits the connective form.
Child only attends.
Child only reads the rental section of the classifieds.
Child opens eyes.
Child opens fire on school cafeteria.
Child outcomes one year after mediated and litigated child custody disputes.
Child parses the command number.
Child passively waits for next offering of adults.
Child peers out of temporary housing tents.
Child perceives that community adults value youth.
Child persists with nausea and vomiting the next day and the develops lower abdominal pain.
Child picks out styrofoam ball.
Child picks pathway.
Child places high value on helping other people.
Child places high value on promoting equality and reducing hunger and poverty.
Child plays against the computer.
Child plays firefighter, doctor, police officer and carpenter.
Child plays outside with no adult supervision.
Child post traumatic stress reactions in children of war.
Child pour within lots garden after selling beaded choker.
Child pour within lots garden after selling climbing shoes.
Child pour within lots garden after selling giorgio armani.
Child pour within lots garden after selling outerwear.
Child pour within lots garden after selling silver necklace.
Child presents two months later in full cardio-pulmonary arrest.
Child pretends to write.
Child probably experiences sexual fantasies.
Child probably masturbates.
Child provides the power to operate.
Child pulls their hair out.
Child puts buttons to match number on card.
Child puts everything into the child's mouth.
Child puts hand in the bag and picks a shape.
Child puts red triangle in one pile, then adds red square.
Child raises and then lowers one leg or one arm at a time.
Child raising customs differ from culture to culture.
Child reaches for gifts.
Child reads alone for first time to help Santa.
Child reads and volunteer can read also.
Child reads for pleasure three or more hours per week.
Child reads simple stories.
Child rearing during adolescence is a hardship on mothers, their children and society.
Child rearing during adolescence is a hardship on mothers, their children, and society.
Child rearing itself is another area of strong values and beliefs.
Child Rearing The raising of children is the responsibility of the female.
Child receives a negative reaction for the struggle behaviors.
Child receives a photograph of their group.
Child receives a T-shirt designed for the program.
Child receives support from three or more non-parent adults.
Child refuse across all appearance unless understand rawlings wood bat.
Child refuse across all appearance unless understand youth football helmets.
Child refuses mother's milk.
Child refuses to do homework assignments.
Child rejects old friends and seeks new friends who have experienced a simular loss.
Child remains healthy on one kidney, older twin life is saved.
Child remains in foster care.
Child remains small and developmentally slow.
Child repeats a whole sentence.
Child reports an earache.
Child reports being handcuffed to the bureau by dad.
Child reports blurring or doubling only when work is hard.
Child reports double vision or unable to look upward.
Child reports high self-esteem.
Child reports homelessness and no food available.
Child reports one or more hours of homework per day.
Child reports sexual activity.
Child requires asthma medication.
Child requires reading skills , fine motor skills and a high level of thinking skills.
Child requires reading skills, fine motor skills and a high level of thinking skills.
Child resides in eligible low-rent housing.
Child resides on federal property.
Child resides with a parent employed on federal property.
Child responds to sound by manipulation of toys.
Child restraints aren t user friendly.
Child retells events of the deceased's death and funeral.
Child retells the story from looking at pictures.
Child retells the story from memory in sequence.
Child returns the first child node of the node, if any.
Child returns to teacher for verification.
Child says more than six words.
Child says that is especially true when dealing with cracked hooves.
Child says two or three words spontaneously and at appropriate times.
Child seeks greater independence, often rebelling against parents.
Child seeks lots of attention.
Child seeks medical information on death of deceased.
Child seeks to resolve conflict nonviolently.
Child selects numerals from group of cutouts and places appropriately.
Child selects the work or drill and then locates a bin that contains the materials for that drill.
Child shadowing appointment is scheduled.
Child sharing existing bedding is free.
Child shows interest in potty.
Child sits on the aisle next to their parents.
Child sketches ideas or models materials to establish the basic shape of what is to be required.
Child sounds out whole words.
Child spacing The first element in safe motherhood is adequate spacing between pregnancies.
Child stands at the baseline and tosses a small ball into the buckets of water.
Child stands by holding on to furniture.
Child stands on one foot in front of the dish and contrainer.
Child stands squarely in front of toilet, touching bowl with legs.
Child stands up too fast.
Child stars their story.
Child starts bouncing, then jumping up and down.
Child starts learning skip counting immediately.
Child starts to leave court or driveway, to use walkways.
Child starts to stamp their feet.
Child states their body is dirty or damaged with a fear something is wrong in their genital area.
Child stays in comfortable, familiar home environment.
Child suddenly becomes unruly and destructive, shy or withdrawn.
Child suffers from seizures or vomiting.
Child suffers glaucoma from inadvertent use of corticosteroid-containing eye drops.
Child suffers undiagnosed or painful illness.
Child suggests that the ill-omen was the sight of the new moon late yestreen.
Child support computation forms are available from the clerk of the court.
Child support pendente lite is authorized by statute.
Child takes a message.
Child takes all night to finish homework.
Child takes the tray to the bank and gets the amount to match the numerical cards on the tray.
Child tells mother.
Child tends to be greatly influenced by peer group.
Child then draws a picture and writes what Torah saw when it went home.
Child throws bean bags into can.
Child throws up.
Child tries to do assigned work, but drops pencil on the floor.
Child tries to formulate a message with the right words.
Child turns directly when called by name and makes several different sounds with changing pitch.
Child turns over a bowling ball card.
Child Underlined links send email to individuals.
Child underlying representations are mostly identical to adult representations.
Child uses both phonetic and sight strategies to spell words.
Child uses familiar words and invented spelling to convey a short simple message.
Child uses initial consonants to represent words.
Child uses invented spelling and some conventional spelling.
Child uses language to communicate.
Child uses the vehicle lap and shoulder belts for restraint.
Child verbalizes the consequences.
Child vocalizes word strings with inflection.
Child wakes up often during the night and moves about.
Child walks around circle of children and taps each on head while saying.
Child walks over adult.
Child wants better schools and a more simplified health care system for seniors.
Child wants to be carried over shoulder.
Child wants to call home during the school day.
Child wears a silver ring on left hand middle finger.
Child wears contact lenses.
Child wears red tights and shirt.
Child wears specific colors or has a particular style of dress.
Child wets the bed as soon as it goes to sleep.
Child wets the bed on purpose.
Child works in the partnership.
Child works online with interactive websites.
Child works puzzles.
Child works the sheet, timing self.
Child works with teacher until work is finished.
Child writes a single, factual, understandable sentence independently.
Child writes alphabet and mock letters around the page.
Child writes an adjective and then illustrates.
Child writes familiar words.
Child writes letter strings.
Child writes letters to convey a message and can read it back.
Child writes mock letters.
Child writes on front and when the teacher opens up the card, the child's face is there.
Child writes sentences with random ideas related to prompt.
Child writes stories and poems.
Child writes with a hand as strong and steady as steel.
Children abandon spiritual heritage.
Children absorb a great deal from their environment.
Children absorb from teachers and elders their habits and manners, behaviour and beliefs.
Children absorb lead when they put objects containing lead in their mouths.
Children absorb one of the languages as they learn their regular academics.
Children absorb so much.
Children absorb such misinformation.
Children absorb what they see and hear.
Children absorb whatever they encounter.
Children absorb, metabolize, and excrete compounds differently than adults.
Children abuse fellow children.
Children accept crispy raw vegetables more readily than they do cooked ones.
Children accept one another despite skin color, languages, ethnic background, or religion.
Children accept principles.
Children accept tender meats better than tough ones, and well-cooked vegetables better than raw.
Children accept their parents religious beliefs.
Children accept their parents' religious beliefs.
Children accept without doubt.
Children access drifter buoy data to begin maps.
Children access practice tests.
Children access tests.
Children access the index by clicking on a letter in the alphabet.
Children accompanied by adults are free.
Children accompanied by adults are welcome at any age.
Children accompanied by adults are welcome.
Children accompanied by an adult are free.
Children accompanied by an adult are welcome.
Children accompanied by parents are welcome at all seminars.
Children accompanied by their parents are welcome.
Children accompaning an adult just require a birth certificate.
Children accompanying parents and using existing bedding stay free.
Children account for almost half of all the people on welfare.
Children account for many new cases.
Children account for more than half of all refugees worldwide.
Children account for nearly half of all hungry persons in America.
Children account for one-fourth of the homeless population.
Children account for over one-forth of the homeless population.
Children accummulate so much stress that it creates tension, and then they become violent.
Children accuse parents of interference when loving correction warns of danger.
Children achieve a sense of belonging among their peers.
Children achieve best when their parents play a dynamic role in the education process.
Children achieve bladder control at different ages.
Children achieve conservation by using three arguments.
Children achieve full potential.
Children achieve goals for self-confidence.
Children achieve many more milestones.
Children achieve milestones.
Children achieve more when schools and parents work together.
Children achieve permanency in a timely manner.
Children achieve potential.
Children acquire a shared understanding and questions for investigation are developed and crafted.
Children acquire a vast amount of information from their environment at a very early age.
Children acquire attitudes about food first and foremost at home.
Children acquire certain grammatical structures in the same order.
Children acquire duties only when they attain the reason to understand duty.
Children acquire identity through photos of past generations.
Children acquire immunity.
Children acquire infection.
Children acquire items to decorate the treehouse with each level that is completed.
Children acquire knowledge about our community and learn the importance of cooperative living.
Children acquire knowledge of letters and sounds through writing as well as through reading.
Children acquire language at tremendously variable rates during the first four years of life.
Children acquire language in stages.
Children acquire language quickly, easily, and with- out effort or formal teaching.
Children acquire literacy skills in a variety of ways and at different ages.
Children acquire many of the attitudes and habits of their parents.
Children acquire passive immunity.
Children acquire self-esteem and learn the basic values of sportsmanship and mutual respect.
Children acquire skills needed for formation of manuscript letters and numerals.
Children acquire status from both of their parents.
Children acquire status only from their fathers.
Children acquire syntax effortlessly by listening.
Children acquire the knowledge, skills and values to become good citizens.
Children acquire the values that they observe and experience.
Children acquire their basic health attitudes and behaviors within the family home.
Children acquire their full rights only upon reaching adulthood.
Children acquire their native language effortlessly, regardless of the language.
Children acquire their systems of values.
Children acquire tract infection.
Children acquire urinary infection.
Children acquire values, attitudes and skills from their parents and teachers.
Children acquire vocabulary and speech sound production gradually.
Children acquiring a language have to master the basic rhythms of their native language.
Children act as if video games are real and the real world is a nuisance.
Children act by what they are taught.
Children act consistently with what they think is true about themselves.
Children act fast . . .
Children act fast and so do poisons.
Children act fast, and so do poisons.
Children act in a certain way because they have learned certain attitudes and behaviors.
Children act in the village as they have learned at home.
Children act nurturing and commanding with younger children but follow and depend on older children.
Children act on impulse.
Children act out a scene from the book using simple props.
Children act out plays very naturally when they are little.
Children act out the movement and rotation of the planets.
Children act out the story and recite the syntactic patterns.
Children act out the story in groups.
Children act out the story.
Children act out the titles of books in teams for their classmates to guess.
Children act out what they see, children repeat what they hear.
Children act out what they see.
Children act out when their lives become unpredictable.
Children act the way they do due to mostly parents actions.
Children act upon their imaginations.
Children act while parents react.
Children act with great desire.
Children actively create meaning as readers, viewers, and listeners.
Children actively experience music and movement in a positive environment.
Children actively explore and seek explanations for what they discover.
Children actively explore reading, writing, speaking and problem solving.
Children actively learn from field explorations, hands-on activities, games, and crafts.
Children actively learn, play, and are challenged.
Children actively monitor their elderly parent's health.
Children actively participate in our worship in a number of ways.
Children activities The Children s Corner of the library offers a pleasant environment for children.
Children actually crave limits and boundaries.
Children actually feel more secure and reassured when they know the cause of their parents' anger.
Children actually learn through playing.
Children actually play outside instead of watching television all day.
Children actually take a lot more attention than adults.
Children adapt really easily.
Children adapt their minds to fit in new information.
Children adapt to situations.
Children adapt to social situations.
Children adapt to unpleasant situations the same way adults do, by building defenses.
Children adapt very well.
Children adapt well and quickly to an orthotic device.
Children adapt well to change.
Children add a delicious flavor, but they come with associated problems.
Children add a new dimension to life.
Children add amazing depth to life, but can quickly alter the intimacy between partners.
Children add another layer of complexity.
Children add defensive structures to an imaginary defenseless animal.
Children Add diversity by observing children in a variety of settings.
Children add excitement.
Children add information to it.
Children add other objects to decorate their castle.
Children add paper leaves and socks with their names and favorite books as they reach their goals.
Children add sauce and the toppings of their choice.
Children add special joy to our home.
Children add sticker in outline and learn Spanish and English words beside it.
Children add the correct number of spots.
Children add vibrancy to the landscape.
Children adjust more slowly than adults do to changes in environmental heat.
Children adopt behavior.
Children adopt diets.
Children adopt games.
Children adopt risky behavior.
Children adore family stories.
Children adore rhythm and rhyme from birth to six, but by seven, interest begins to wane.
Children adore stories.
Children adore the big Newfies.
Children adore the optical toys, puppets, English tin toys, dolls, toy theaters, bears and more.
Children adore the stables, with the two horses, a calf and two piglets.
Children affected by it suffer behavioral problems, memory loss, and stunted development.
Children affected have poor appetite, suboptimal growth, and reduced sense of taste and smell.
Children afford the greatest insight on what they like best.
Children aflame with napalm is a stark reminder indeed to the actual reality of warfare.
Children again flip on the switch and the light comes on.
Children age four and under ride free.
Children age four and under stay for free.
Children age four and under stay free, but do count as occupants.
Children age six and above pay full fare.
Children age six and under receive free admission to the festival of the arts.
Children age ten and under are complimentary.
Children age three through five who are toilet-trained are eligible the program.
Children aged between two and fourteen are the fastest growing category of surfers.
Children aged from birth through pre-kindergarten are eligible to attend.
Children aged under five go free.
Children ages birth to eighteen years are eligible to participate.
Children ages birth to five who have special needs or are at-risk.
Children ages eight and up are welcome to stay in the main inn.
Children ages five and older are encouraged to participate in the liturgy with their parents.
Children ages five and older are required to use the locker room designated for their own sex.
Children ages five and under are admitted free of charge when accompanied by an adult.
Children ages five and under are admitted free.
Children ages five and younger free.
Children ages five to nine like card games, hand puppets, paper dolls, and crafts.
Children ages five to ten can come and enjoy a tea party with their favorite bear from home.
Children ages for through fifth grade can participate in fun.
Children ages four and under ride free.
Children ages four and up, and adults are eligible.
Children ages four through nine are welcome to participate in Indian Valley sports programs.
Children ages four through seven years.
Children ages infancy to eight years, child language, phonology, motor speech disorders.
Children ages nine through fifteen try out for positions on the team every spring.
Children ages one to three are at the greatest risk.
Children ages one to three years are the most common victims of poisoning.
Children ages seven and up, accompanied by an adult, are welcome to attend.
Children ages six and older are welcome.
Children ages six and under are free.
Children ages six and under are the most at risk.
Children ages six through twelve learn in an environment of complete respect and self confidence.
Children ages three and older can participate, with fees varying according to class.
Children ages three and under get in free.
Children ages three months to school aged are welcome.
Children ages three or four from low income families are eligible for enrollment.
Children ages three through fifth grade are welcome to attend.
Children ages three through grade six receive postcards on which they list books read.
Children ages three to eight years learn what to expect when a new baby comes.
Children ages three to five years old are eligible to attend our preschool program.
Children ages three to thirteen are eligible to take part in four-two week sessions.
Children ages two and older, plus sibling groups.
Children ages two and under admitted free.
Children ages two and up meet our child care capacity.
Children ages two through eight spend an average of twenty-eight minutes a day coloring.
Children ages two through sixth grade come in costume to participate in fun, fellowship, and games.
Children ages two to five enjoy books, crayons, housekeeping toys, and simple puzzles.
Children agonize over health matters such as smoking and alcohol use in the home.
Children agree that it is important for young people to see people of their own race on television.
Children ahould prepare a song for an audition, and use accompaniment tracks or sheet music.
Children aiming at and shooting children makes no sense at any time.
Children allow people to disconnect slowly.
Children almst solely upon the teacher.
Children alone are joyful.
Children alone love it.
Children alone remain beatable.
Children already are aware of parental difficulties and often know more than their parents realize.
Children already fantasize about their lives.
Children already get enough immunizations.
Children already get more than enough hits and shocks in our society.
Children already have an interest in animals and habitats.
Children already have the right to pray at any time, including a moment of silence.
Children already have their prescription measured by a computerized device called an autorefractor.
Children already know that dragons exist.
Children already lead very controlled lives in day-care.
Children already spend more time watching television than they do attending lessons in school.
Children also absorb lead more easily.
Children also affect the daily servings in their cafeteria.
Children also anticipate a train after first hearing a train whistle.
Children also appear happier while in a sensory room and tend to vocalize more and stay on task.
Children also appreciate having adults shake their hands.
Children also appreciate their parents involvement with their school.
Children also are a target audience.
Children also are disproportionately the victims of pedestrian-auto accidents.
Children also are keenly aware of what draws people to gardens.
Children also are less likely to choke on small pieces.
Children also are more likely to be hurt and neglected in homes where substance abuse is an issue.
Children also are more self-sufficient than they used to be.
Children also aspirate or choke on many nonfood items.
Children also aspirate or choke on many non-food items.
Children also become constipated in several different situations.
Children also become excited about school when their parents show excitement.
Children also become interested in the parent of the opposite sex.
Children also become involved in directed free play.
Children also begin to believe that elders are worthless.
Children also begin to build a sense of morals and a code of values.
Children also begin to develop hobbies and a strong interest in scientific activities.
Children also begin to grasp some basic rules of grammar.
Children also begin to separate themselves from the home and move out into the world.
Children also benefit from attending church, joining clubs or taking lessons with other children.
Children also benefit from the extra attention they get by having so many adults in the classroom.
Children also benefit when parents emotional needs are met.
Children also break conventions very early.
Children also can attain an occasional weekend pass.
Children also can get into inside of the ball, experience the fun of rolling inside the spheroid.
Children also can have congenital diseases, such as cystic fibrosis and enzyme deficiencies.
Children also can have their face painted and have a picture taken with Santa.
Children also can make a project to take home and go on a scavenger hunt in the museum.
Children also can make crafts and explore the museum with a scavenger hunt.
Children also celebrate by exchanging cards and having parties at school.
Children also climb and play on the brightly colored blue railings lining the channel.
Children also collect stickers throughout the summer to add to their logs.
Children also come to the museum on special tours arranged for school classes and other groups.
Children also communicate through E-mails, chat rooms and public message boards.
Children also compose and read their own messages or stories.
Children also compose, creating music to illustrate stories and poems.
Children also continue to study music notation and simple instrument playing.
Children also copy adults without knowing what they are doing.
Children also crave structure.
Children also create a smaller page of sponge painting to take home.
Children also decide the time of year.
Children also demonstrate an ability to apply sequency to sets of numbers.
Children also develop in character.
Children also develop positive attitudes towards music and learn to share their talents.
Children also develop skills in the use of computers and calculators for conducting investigations.
Children also develop their writing skills as they respond to their reading.
Children also do some geometry and measurement activities.
Children also dress in costumes.
Children also earn credit for memory verses learned.
Children also engage in numerous activities.
Children also enjoy activities such as board games and playing cards.
Children also enjoy building sandcastles on the park's broad sand beach.
Children also enjoy comparing examples of their past work with what they are doing in the present.
Children also enjoy daily full cooked to order breakfast.
Children also enjoy discussing pictures and their meaning.
Children also enjoy doing plunger painting with small plungers bought from the dollar store.
Children also enjoy games and fellowship with other children their own age.
Children also enjoy hearing about the history of kamishibai.
Children also enjoy learing sign language and other languages.
Children also enjoy making decorations, like scarecrows, for their gardens.
Children also enjoy making their own ritual objects.
Children also enjoy moderate thrills.
Children also enjoy reading or looking at books or magazines on their own.
Children also enjoy talking together about favorite books.
Children also enjoy the benefit of several prestigious learning institutions.
Children also enjoy walking along the river shore and watching the wading birds and crabs.
Children also escape the drugs and violence that has become such a part of our schools.
Children also experience guilt over the good feelings they have about the abuser.
Children also experience stressful events like death, divorce, or a move to a new home.
Children also experience the grief process when parents separate or divorce.
Children also experience their contribution to the economy of the family.
Children also focus on and the environment and how to care for it is expanded upon.
Children also gain academic self-direction through the use of rubrics.
Children also gain confidence in dressing and undressing.
Children also gain confidence in their thinking abilities because their views are accepted.
Children also get an understanding of the amount of air that lungs can hold.
Children also get angry at their parents for two special reasons.
Children also get angry when they feel rejected or if they face verbal or physical assaults.
Children also get lead into their bodies by chewing on lead painted surfaces.
Children also get the message that it is all right to hate people who are poor and addicted.
Children also go through developmental stages.
Children also go through stages of sexual development.
Children also go to the library independently as needed.
Children also grow at different rates.
Children also have a certain amount of toys at home to play with.
Children also have a hard time sensing low blood sugar and understanding why it happens.
Children also have a high rate of sinus infections.
Children also have a larger skin surface when compared with the rest of the body.
Children also have a relatively larger body surface area which contributes to more rapid heat loss.
Children also have a remarkable ability to avoid errors.
Children also have a right to access to information.
Children also have a right to enjoy leisure, recreation and cultural activities.
Children also have a right to have clothes to wear and a safe place to live.
Children also have a strong desire to be independent.
Children also have a zone to explore that give healthy tips about what to eat.
Children also have access to a gymnasium.
Children also have access to games with excessive violence and gender stereotypes.
Children also have adequate play and social time.
Children also have an art activity follow-up at our art center.
Children also have an opportunity for independent practice.
Children also have an opportunity to participate in special musical programs from time to time.
Children also have an opportunity to sell candy bars to earn their way to camp.
Children also have different emotional needs than adults.
Children also have difficulty making enough arginine, and histidine.
Children also have fears and feelings about new relationships.
Children also have fun producing their own commercials in the miniature TV station.
Children also have interlibrary loan privileges.
Children also have more money to spend themselves.
Children also have much shorter concentration spans and get bored easily.
Children also have other good instincts such as imagination and curiosity.
Children also have the chance to interact with blind peers.
Children also have the opportunity to be involved in the Science Explorers day camp program.
Children also have the opportunity to test their skills as owl detectives.
Children also have the opportunity to use the signals themselves and practise conducting a choir.
Children also have the opportunity to work independently at reading, writing, and listening centers.
Children also have the opportunity to work individually.
Children also have the option to partake in scheduled activities with their parents.
Children also have the protection of innocence, and even ignorance.
Children also have the responsibility of clean-up at the end of work time.
Children also have the right to be protected and cared for by others.
Children also have the right to be respected, happy and secure.
Children also have the right to be treated equally in terms financial gifts.
Children also have the right to benefit from social security.
Children also have the right to maintain contact with both parents if separated from one or both.
Children also have the right to play.
Children also have their own Kids' Space.
Children also have to be healthy and ready to learn, in order to succeed in school.
Children also have to be taught to express themselves.
Children also have very active imaginations.
Children also help groom horses and place or remove equipment from the horses.
Children also identify and apply for jobs such as librarians, first-aiders and litter busters.
Children also identify with monsters that exemplify their insecurities.
Children also improve their listening and speaking skills.
Children also influence family spending.
Children also know what they prefer.
Children also lack mature organs to filter, metabolize and excrete toxic chemicals.
Children also learn a waltz jump, two foot spin and spiral.
Children also learn about art forms and symbols created in other cultures.
Children also learn about artists and their works.
Children also learn about culture shock, culture contact, and closed versus open societies.
Children also learn about diabetes management in a fun, outdoor environment.
Children also learn about eating behaviour and attitudes from their parents.
Children also learn about elephant conservation efforts.
Children also learn about helping by taking care of others.
Children also learn about how savings, interest, checking and other banking things work.
Children also learn about love by watching their parents.
Children also learn about nature and color properties when using clay and sculpting.
Children also learn about nutrition by watching their parents and trying to do as they do.
Children also learn about nutritional fun facts.
Children also learn about the homes of animals in their natural habitats.
Children also learn about the life cycle and the wonder of nature.
Children also learn about the properties of objects and how objects are used.
Children also learn about their heritage from their grandparents.
Children also learn about themselves in the context of their families.
Children also learn aggressive behavior by observing others.
Children also learn at very young ages to laugh at violence.
Children also learn basic tumbling and jumping on the spring board.
Children also learn best at their own pace, in a way that they enjoy.
Children also learn best when they have a desire to learn.
Children also learn by example.
Children also learn by going to school.
Children also learn by listening at the dinner table.
Children also learn by listening.
Children also learn by modeling.
Children also learn by observation and modeling.
Children also learn care for shock, bleeding, burns, and choking.
Children also learn crafts and entertainment of the period.
Children also learn from a wide variety of family experiences.
Children also learn from other adults in their lives.
Children also learn from the environment that the adults unconsciously create.
Children also learn from watching their parents.
Children also learn how to be abusers from growing up in violent homes.
Children also learn how to find help when someone has trouble breathing.
Children also learn how to follow directions and use the mouse.
Children also learn how to help by doing what they see adults do.
Children also learn how to identify coins and understand their values.
Children also learn how to write a summary of a story or a paragraph.
Children also learn language in the preoperational stage .
Children also learn language in the preoperational stage.
Children also learn of many problems or obstacles they have to pass when growing older.
Children also learn one new vocabulary word a day and get a library card.
Children also learn outside of the classroom.
Children also learn socialization skills.
Children also learn that money is limited in quantity.
Children also learn that there is a rhythmic grouping of words in a sentence.
Children also learn the basics of physical science and chemistry in the science workshop.
Children also learn the days of the week and month with the calendar.
Children also learn the importance of cooperation and teaming to solve real-world problems.
Children also learn the social aspect of getting along with a group of children.
Children also learn through hands on experiences as well as seat-work.
Children also learn through observation.
Children also learn to apply Biblical principles to their daily activities.
Children also learn to communicate with electronic mail.
Children also learn to compete by participating in championships.
Children also learn to conceptualize themselves within the context of the family.
Children also learn to express themselves and to solve conflicts with words.
Children also learn to interact with others through interactive play.
Children also learn to play basic musical instruments.
Children also learn to read in different ways.
Children also learn to resolve conflicts before they escalate.
Children also learn to socially interact with one another and develop a sense of self.
Children also learn to use the library.
Children also learn very early to recognize their parent's voice.
Children also lie because they overpredict a reaction.
Children also like it with apricot jam and toasted almonds or peanut butter.
Children also like to imitate adults.
Children also like to listen to a composition and then make up a story about the music.
Children also like to move around.
Children also like to play, sometimes past their bedtime or past their childhood.
Children also love books with flaps to lift in order to see the hidden pictures.
Children also love fishing for sunfish.
Children also love hearing favorite stories over and over.
Children also love homeopathics, with no large capsules to swallow or bad tasting liquids.
Children also love movies that feature a child as a major character.
Children also love schedules.
Children also love splashing around in our jacuzzi.
Children also love the retired missiles and weaponry poised for display in the front yard.
Children also love to eat the foods they help in preparing.
Children also love to eat vegetables they've helped to grow or prepare.
Children also love to put things together.
Children also love to receive mail and birthday cards.
Children also love to role play.
Children also love to tug on loose electrical cords.
Children also love to work with their hands and create things.
Children also love to write stories and create letters using the computer.
Children also make friends with other children, and are taught and encouraged, too.
Children also make good subjects.
Children also make good use of the tennis and netball courts.
Children also make their own fireworks, which causes explosions like a cannon.
Children also make up a sizable number of the baptized figure.
Children also meet weekly to work on the school yearbook.
Children also misunderstand the meaning of power.
Children also observe their parents engaging in sexual behavior and are naturally curious.
Children also observe, generalize, measure, and hypothesize frequently.
Children also obtain a significant amount of positive feedback from their early speech.
Children also pan for real gold in an outdoor recirculating sluice.
Children also participate in activities such as making presents or baking cookies.
Children also participate in numerous field trips.
Children also participate in outdoor activities, such as visits to the zoo and the park.
Children also participate in reading Scripture and in special singing groups.
Children also participate in special programs throughout the year.
Children also participate in swimming, basketball, handball, softball, and tennis.
Children also participate in the demonstration.
Children also participate in the hobby.
Children also participate in the Torah procession.
Children also participate in worship, and music is an important part of their education.
Children also participate usually using wing feathers.
Children also pick up on the media, teachers, and famous people's beliefs.
Children also play a game that involves stacking cups and another task with some blocks.
Children also play free.
Children also play in beginning or intermediate handbell groups .
Children also play roughly and can be cruel in their play.
Children also play sports and are taught to sing and to do arts and crafts.
Children also prefer mildly seasoned foods rather than highly seasoned, strong flavored foods.
Children also prefer moist rather than dry meats.
Children also prepare kindling wood and make shingles here.
Children also provide security in old age.
Children also push each other on swings and negotiate compromises about the use of equipment.
Children also receive a little money.
Children also receive a serving of macaroni and cheese.
Children also receive a small gift.
Children also receive benefit from breastfeeding simply by avoiding cow's-milk.
Children also receive counseling and special educational help as needed.
Children also receive daily fluoride supplements.
Children also receive educational programming including a full range of special education services.
Children also receive group lessons from Hidden Valley and pointers from our adult helpers.
Children also receive guaranteed medical care under a national health insurance plan.
Children also receive help in writing and math as needed.
Children also receive leafs for completing memory work.
Children also receive stickers upon completion of their exam.
Children also recognize differences between people very early.
Children also record their parent's actions at their worst.
Children also rely more heavily on walking to go places.
Children also report being hit by staff.
Children also require two further amino acids, histidine and arginine.
Children also respond better to praise and reward than criticism and punishment.
Children also respond better when a teacher's comments are descriptive rather than evaluative.
Children also respond slightly better than adults to treatment.
Children also run a greater risk because their bodies absorb the lead more easily.
Children also see chiropractors for treatment of problems ranging from sports injuries to colic.
Children also see contrasts in the roles played by people of different races.
Children also seem to be better at recognizing lies than adults.
Children also seem to enjoy snack food.
Children also seem to find the animals more interesting than the vegetable garden.
Children also seem to have a bias towards local salient properties.
Children also seem to have a very excessive appetite, but tend to lose weight.
Children also seem to notice color more significantly than adults.
Children also seem to tolerate heat less well than adults.
Children also sense when one partner is unfaithful to the other.
Children also share in our music ministry.
Children also spend a considerable amount of time writing to develop emergent writing skills.
Children also spend a lot of time outdoors.
Children also spend more time outdoors.
Children also stand to ben efit, particularly if their connection is internet enabled.
Children also struggle with conflicting emotions.
Children also study basic geometry.
Children also suffer directly.
Children also suffer from abusive labour practices.
Children also suffer from sleep disorders.
Children also suffer in a family with a violent father.
Children also suffer the consequences of teen births.
Children also suggest trying out cereals that contain less sugar.
Children also sustain eye injuries from accidents in the home.
Children also take part in ensembles which then perform at concerts throughout the year.
Children also take weekly swimming trips to a local area pool.
Children also tend to absorb lead more easily than adults do because their metabolism is faster.
Children also tend to be very active.
Children also tend to feel both anger and guilt when bad things happen.
Children also tend to pick it up more quickly.
Children also tend to play and breathe closer to the ground where lead dust concentrates.
Children also tour area attractions during several field trips.
Children also travel at a lower rate.
Children also turn to significant adults to receive affirmation and confirmation of their actions.
Children also understand things which are real or concrete rather than abstract.
Children also use tears and tantrums to heal themselves from stress and trauma.
Children also use the collection for recreational reading.
Children also use the pieces as free-form magnetic sculpture blocks.
Children also vary in the degree to which they are affected by any particular symptom.
Children also view a video about the changes a baby brings and receive cookies and drinks.
Children also visit an art gallery and gym facility in the complex.
Children also wear kimono, especially when they are going to temple.
Children also wear sachets called to ward off evil spirits from taking their young lives.
Children also work in coffee shops, car mechanic shops, for salt manufacturers, and in carpentry.
Children also work in the factories.
Children also work less efficiently in terms of oxygen cost of exercise than do adults.
Children also work on animation projects.
Children also work on farms as hired hands, sometimes picking crops destined for U.S. consumers.
Children also work on making up new lyrics to old melodies.
Children also work to understand when and why a particular skill is the best for the task at hand.
Children also worry about their parents.
Children also worry when parents are late.
Children also write in a journal throughout the week on any topic of their choice.
Children also write in workbooks.
Children alternate turns playing to reveal all of the matches and the prevention message.
Children analyse and summarise information, and memorise their analysis.
Children analyze each idea, considering available materials, help needed, play value for children.
Children analyze fantasy.
Children animate characters, programming speech, actions and emotions.
Children answer one.
Children appear as regular participants in a variety of activities that they obviously enjoy.
Children appear grotesques.
Children appear happy and relaxed.
Children appear happy, comfortable, and relaxed laughing, smiling, involved in play.
Children appear passive, afraid, and sad.
Children appear to be more subject to cardiac arrest than to ventricular fibrillation.
Children appear to be more susceptible to infection and show more abrupt onset of symptoms.
Children appear to be more susceptible to motion sickness than adults.
Children appear to be most susceptible to La Crosse encephalitis.
Children appear to be overly anxious about pleasing their mother.
Children appear to enjoy seeing their work in different formats.
Children appear to grieve in spurts.
Children appear to have been more of a nuisance for many women.
Children appear to metabolize all types of decongestants differently from adults.
Children appear to metabolize decongestants differently from adults.
Children appear to owe their rapid acquisition of vocabulary to similarly indirect processes.
Children appear to react to different proteins compared with adults.
Children appear to respond well to oral steroids.
Children appear to suffer the most in broken families.
Children appear, running about with wooden swords, and fleece or leather balls.
Children apply for separate visas if they travel on their own passports.
Children apply knowledge.
Children apply math concepts and skills to home and school situations.
Children apply phonics rules to gain the approximate pronunciations of written words.
Children apply skills.
Children applying to choice programs have higher standardized test scores than nonchoosing students.
Children appreciate accessories to their toys.
Children appreciate communicating with the adults in their lives.
Children appreciate consistency.
Children appreciate improvements more if they are involved throughout the project.
Children appreciate knowing just what the rules are at home or in the classroom.
Children appreciate positive alternatives.
Children appreciate the action photos and activities.
Children appreciate the expanse of lawn, the stocked casting ponds and the TV room.
Children appreciate the wood play structure, tetherball and the miles of hiking trails.
Children appreciate toads, too.
Children approach learning from a general to a specific appreciation of the world.
Children approach learning in much the same way.
Children approximate their language to become closer to the adult model.
Children are a big part of the celebration.
Children are a big part of the fun.
Children are a bit like words.
Children are a blessing and grandchildren are an absolute delight.
Children are a blessing no matter how they get here, it's a miracle they get here at all.
Children are a blessing no matter how things work out.
Children are a blessing which is different than a right.
Children are a blessing, a source of happiness and joy to their parents.
Children are a blessing.
Children are a bundle of small miracles waiting to happen.
Children are a challenge.
Children are a community's most prescious resource.
Children are a constant challenge and joy.
Children are a delight and a disturbance.
Children are a different story.
Children are a direct conduit to their family.
Children are a disruption to a quiet, clean household and to a social schedule of adult activities.
Children are a family s greatest treasure.
Children are a family's greatest source of happiness.
Children are a family's hope for the future.
Children are a first priority.
Children are a gift and a responsibility to parents.
Children are a gift.
Children are a good place to get the public involved.
Children are a great blessing when there has been a death.
Children are a huge responsibility.
Children are a large part of the family equation.
Children are a little more amenable to change.
Children are a longtime concern.
Children are a lot more open to suggestion then adults.
Children are a lot of things.
Children are a lot smaller and come in a large range of sizes.
Children are a low priority in society .
Children are a major motivator for part-time working women.
Children are a message of cheer and joy to The world.
Children are a miracle.
Children are a mirror of what goes on in the home.
Children are a mistake.
Children are a more sensi-tive population than adults.
Children are a mother's passion, and it shows.
Children are a muted group, denied participation in major political and legal systems.
Children are a national resource.
Children are a natural audience for tongue twisters although their appeal varies at different ages.
Children are a natural part of funerals.
Children are a new springtime in the world.
Children are a non-renewable resource.
Children are a noticeable part of the growing number of homeless.
Children are a part of both parents.
Children are a part of our worship.
Children are a particularly common target.
Children are a particularly vulerable population.
Children are a particularly vulnerable group requiring special attention.
Children are a perfect example.
Children are a poor man's riches.
Children are a positive influence in our world.
Children are a precious resource and parenting a very important role.
Children are a precious resource.
Children are a priceless possession.
Children are a problem to cults.
Children are a rarity in Houston's high-rise condominiums.
Children are a reality in women's lives .
Children are a result of how they are treated at home by their parents.
Children are a sensitive sub-population when evaluating health risks to lead.
Children are a significant part of the agricultural workforce.
Children are a special challenge and require additional education.
Children are a special class in the constitution.
Children are a special gift full of love, adventure, hope, and joy.
Children are a symbol of hope.
Children are a tough audience.
Children are a unifying force in our world, capable of bringing people to common grounds.
Children are a valued and important part of our community.
Children are a very important part of life.
Children are a very important part of our parish family.
Children are a very interesting population to study because they have many fears as they grow up.
Children are a very precious commodity.
Children are a vital part in the celebration of worship.
Children are a vital part of the faith community.
Children are a vital part of worship.
Children are a wonderful connection.
Children are a wonderful gift . . .
Children are a wonderful resource to the program in many ways.
Children are able cope most easily if they understand what happens, and if they know what to do.
Children are able to actively learn through a variety of art materials.
Children are able to assume responsibility earlier than others.
Children are able to come down from the shopping trolley and make their own choices.
Children are able to commence at the school in the term after their third birthday.
Children are able to communicate in a way that no other group can.
Children are able to communicate with anyone on the Internet.
Children are able to communicate with their Buddy as often as they want via email.
Children are able to compensate until they can no longer support vital organ function.
Children are able to decide the curriculum.
Children are able to do much more much earlier than parents suppose.
Children are able to enter as many tickets as they wish with the points that they earn.
Children are able to explore areas of interest through theme studies.
Children are able to explore their surroundings and take part in day excursions and field trips.
Children are able to extend themselves to higher levels of learning.
Children are able to feel intensely about music which they have created, individually or in a group.
Children are able to get a card upon reaching kindergarten age.
Children are able to go straight from the service to the hunt.
Children are able to go to school instead of only working in fields.
Children are able to grow the most when they can exercise their agency.
Children are able to handle the materials and help with demonstartions and experiments.
Children are able to interact with one another, as well as explore the learning environment.
Children are able to invent toys, explore, and have fun with art.
Children are able to keep their attention longer, and have less distracting body movement.
Children are able to learn about puppets and musical instruments.
Children are able to learn movement skills in a fun, unthreatening environment.
Children are able to learn when they are having fun.
Children are able to learn while having fun.
Children are able to make better decisions.
Children are able to make many edible playdough creations.
Children are able to move their tongues back and forth as well as up and down.
Children are able to participate more fully when they can see what is happening.
Children are able to play and learn within a context of developmentally appropriate activities.
Children are able to play on their own or with a small group while investigating and learning.
Children are able to pull the belt snug, especially after they've been shown the correct way.
Children are able to record procedures and results from investigations and observations.
Children are able to research utilizing various CD programs on the media center's computer.
Children are able to see as soon as they are born.
Children are able to select computer as an activity during free choice time.
Children are able to share their prior knowledge or experiences concerning the sport.
Children are able to stay focused on a project until it is completed.
Children are able to study, play and generally forget the war.
Children are able to understand language long before they can speak.
Children are able to use play therapy to work through a variety of troubling issues.
Children are able to walk alongside the lion and the lamb.
Children are able to walk to school without crossing a single street.
Children are able to work at their own pace with materials they have chosen.
Children are able to work in specialized programs according to grade level and ability.
Children are about to become an urgently needed source of firewood for the battling females.
Children are academically at their best when their health is optimal.
Children are accepted on a first come, first serve basis.
Children are accident prone.
Children are accidents.
Children are accompanied by a parent or adult into the water.
Children are accountable to obey.
Children are accountable to the parents.
Children are active and eager learners.
Children are active from the time they are three.
Children are active learners and gain knowledge through interactions with their environment.
Children are active learners who learn best from activities they plan and carry out themselves.
Children are active members of our driving community, as passengers and pedestrians.
Children are active participants in the learning process.
Children are active participants in the process of learning.
Children are active participants in their own development and learning.
Children are active participants in their socialization.
Children are active, energetic, and fast moving and serious falls can occur in a matter of seconds.
Children are active, rather than passive, in the educational process.
Children are actually easier to work with than adults.
Children are adaptable and can always roll with the punches.
Children are additions to the family who are fed until they can feed themselves.
Children are adept at playing one parent off another.
Children are adept at reading between the lines.
Children are adequately and appropriately supervised at all times.
Children are adorable and so is childhood.
Children are affected by disasters.
Children are affected by it the most .
Children are affected by it the most.
Children are afraid of quite a bit, especially if they have a low self-esteem.
Children are afraid of the dark because of shadows that appear to be monsters or ghosts.
Children are afraid of what is strange.
Children are afraid to confide in anyone about their family situation.
Children are afraid to go out and play.
Children are afraid to go to sleep at night for fear of violent physical or sexual assault.
Children are afraid to urinate, almost have convulsions when the desire to urinate comes.
Children are agents for change.
Children are aggressive towards parents for many reasons.
Children are all about growth and change and fun and hugs.
Children are all asleep.
Children are all different, and each one needs to be looked at as an individual.
Children are all different, and they learn differently at different ages.
Children are all different.
Children are all equal.
Children are all foreigners.
Children are all so very different.
Children are all that matter.
Children are all the same.
Children are all too often exploited and deprived of their basic rights.
Children are almost three times as likely to smoke if their parents do.
Children are almost twice as likely to be living in poverty after divorce as before.
Children are almost twice as likely to be living in poverty after their parents divorce as before.
Children are almost useless .
Children are alone and afraid in domestic separation, violence, and accident situations.
Children are alone more now.
Children are already convinced that they are a person of their own.
Children are already targets of advertising in conventional media like television.
Children are also able to delay their own grief reaction to help their parents.
Children are also able to set the time by moving the hour and minute hands on the analog clock.
Children are also active in community service.
Children are also among the victims some dying in horrific circumstances.
Children are also an interesting user group.
Children are also are delivery of transformation.
Children are also at greater risk of being victims of a crime during the hours after school.
Children are also at higher risk because of a lack of proper use of occupant restraints.
Children are also at increased risk of respiratory problems caused by ozone.
Children are also at risk of illness from unwise or accidental supplement use.
Children are also at risk to develop reactive airway diseases.
Children are also at risk.
Children are also at very high risk for sun damage.
Children are also at work in service sectors especially in urban areas.
Children are also aware that touching feels good.
Children are also consumers.
Children are also creative.
Children are also curious about the daily routine of the firefighter.
Children are also during therapy positively rewarded and affirmed for memories and disclosures.
Children are also egocentric in their attitudes about other things.
Children are also eligible for treatment provided in residential treatment centers.
Children are also eligible to participate in each or our events.
Children are also especially vulnerable to poverty.
Children are also extremely resourceful.
Children are also extremely vulnerable because they are small.
Children are also familiar with video through television.
Children are also flesh which take shape out of the flesh of their parents.
Children are also generally safe if they walk to and from school with others.
Children are also hard hit by the epidemic.
Children are also hard of hearing because of the noise from the flaring of gas.
Children are also high priority for capturing greater demand.
Children are also high-cost users.
Children are also important members of the prayer team, and they worship with intensity.
Children are also impulsive .
Children are also in closer contact with their lead polluted environment during play.
Children are also increasingly overweight.
Children are also increasingly the products of assisted medical methods.
Children are also individuals that desire much attention, affection, and presence.
Children are also interested in things that fly and certainly many insects fly as adults.
Children are also lead poisoned by mouthing lead painted surfaces and eating lead paint chips.
Children are also less likely to participate in unhealthy activities like drug abuse.
Children are also more commonly infected with the dog tapeworm Dipylidium caninum .
Children are also more economically secure, the report finds.
Children are also more independent, but still restrained by Confucian ideas.
Children are also more interested in painting when they can see a portrait of the artist.
Children are also more likely than adults to have frequent hand to mouth contact.
Children are also more likely to be raised in single parent homes.
Children are also more likely to smoke when they are older if a parent smokes.
Children are also more prone to diarrhea than adults.
Children are also more susceptible than adults to lead poisoning.
Children are also more susceptible to heat stroke than adults.
Children are also most honest and straight forward viewers.
Children are also much less likely to transmit infection than adults.
Children are also natural designers and builders.
Children are also our future - our next incarnations.
Children are also perceptive enough to judge their performance against that of their peers.
Children are also prone to mucopurulent rhinitis.
Children are also smaller, resulting in higher doses of chemical exposure per body weight.
Children are also smaller, resulting in higher doses of contaminant exposure per body weight.
Children are also special victims of violence.
Children are also staunch competitors for the time and affection of their parent.
Children are also subject to abuse by police.
Children are also targets in another sense.
Children are also the victims of domestic violence.
Children are also very adept at sensing trouble between mommy and daddy.
Children are also very expensive and irrevocable investments in our future happiness.
Children are also very good at asking questions.
Children are also very receptive.
Children are also very welcome to submit short stories, poetry, or art.
Children are also victims of incidents involving livestock, tools, electrical components, and ATVs.
Children are also vulnerable to being struck by rocks or other objects propelled by the mower blade.
Children are also welcome and a family rate is negotiable.
Children are also welcome at all other swimming classes as well.
Children are also welcome at our meetings.
Children are also welcome at our private retreats.
Children are also welcome for brunch.
Children are also welcome in pubs if they are going to eat a meal.
Children are also welcome to appropriate events.
Children are also welcome to attend all events during the weekend.
Children are also welcome to dine from their own special menu.
Children are also welcome to remain in church.
Children are also welcome to the workshop.
Children are also welcome, as long as they have the interest in family history.
Children are also welcome.
Children are also well represented among the uninsured.
Children are always at the center of our practice.
Children are always complicated because they have their own feelings and thoughts.
Children are always cruel.
Children are always cynical.
Children are always eager to take their pets outside.
Children are always excited at school when they hear songs and stories that they learned at home.
Children are always fascinated with butterlies, it seems.
Children are always free to move around the room instead of staying at desks.
Children are always free.
Children are always great subjects to photograph.
Children are always in awe at the wonder of nature's process.
Children are always in safety restraints and under adult supervision in vehicles.
Children are always interested in cars and the blend of old and modern is a good idea.
Children are always more affected by something that happens to one of their own.
Children are always more comfortable in a familiar setting.
Children are always near to greet the reindeer.
Children are always on the move.
Children are always the first to speak as they greet an elder with a kiss on the right hand.
Children are always the most heartbreaking part of war.
Children are always the most innocent victims.
Children are always the only future the human race has.
Children are always under adult supervision.
Children are always welcome and a games room is open for their use.
Children are always welcome and a special treat to our practice.
Children are always welcome and are encouraged to be with their parents during services.
Children are always welcome and dogs are welcome with approval.
Children are always welcome and encouraged in worship all year long.
Children are always welcome and have their own children's menu.
Children are always welcome and pets by pre-approval.
Children are always welcome and the inn is pet friendly.
Children are always welcome and there is free parking.
Children are always welcome at all hotels.
Children are always welcome at our house.
Children are always welcome at our meetings.
Children are always welcome at the book club.
Children are always welcome at the farm.
Children are always welcome in church with their parents.
Children are always welcome in our church service.
Children are always welcome in our sanctuary.
Children are always welcome in our worship services.
Children are always welcome in service.
Children are always welcome in the family room.
Children are always welcome in the liturgy.
Children are always welcome in the store to browse and to buy.
Children are always welcome in worship.
Children are always welcome to join in the activities.
Children are always welcome to share their knowledge from home about the current topic.
Children are always welcome to stay in Meeting for Worship if they prefer.
Children are always welcome, supervised by their accompanying adult.
Children are always welcome.
Children are always well supervised by adults who have time to attend to their needs.
Children are always winners when teachers and parents work together effectively.
Children are amazed there are so many tiny creatures in water.
Children are amazing in their capacity to absorb and learn.
Children are amazing little people who have so much to offer individuals and communities.
Children are amazingly acceptant and tolerant of differences in people.
Children are amazingly adaptive in putting up with adults' wacky behavior.
Children are amazingly good at self-regulation.
Children are amazingly resilient.
Children are America's abandoned icons.
Children are America's greatest asset, and our future depends on their educational excellence.
Children are among the most active segments in our population.
Children are among the most active users of handheld computers in Japan.
Children are among the most avid TV watchers.
Children are among the most commonly infected.
Children are among the most enthusiastic users of interactive media and technology.
Children are among the most precious members of our community.
Children are among the most vulnerable beneficiaries of the critical benefits program.
Children are among the most vulnerable groups to environmental threats.
Children are among the most vulnerable populations to natural disasters.
Children are among the most vulnerable to lead's toxic effects.
Children are among the people most at risk for serious illness from food poisoning.
Children are among the powerless - the disenfranchised.
Children are among the worst-affected groups.
Children are amongst the most vulnerable following the earthquake.
Children are amongst the most vulnerable members of society.
Children are amongst the worst affected by the earthquake and other similar natural disasters.
Children are an abject failure at preserving family cohesiveness.
Children are an easy target for adults who pose to be other children with similar interests.
Children are an easy target.
Children are an essential ingredient in community design.
Children are an immense joy, but couples make many sacrifices in order to be good parents.
Children are an important constituency of the welfare system.
Children are an important element of our worship service.
Children are an important element of worship.
Children are an important focus in both stories.
Children are an important part of our future as well as our present lives.
Children are an important part of our lives, and are included in some of the activities.
Children are an important part of our parish family, and they are welcome in our service.
Children are an important part of the church right now.
Children are an important presence too.
Children are an incredible valuable resource, the most valuable resource our society has.
Children are an inheritance.
Children are an integral part of our ministry in Mexico.
Children are an integral part of our worship.
Children are an integral part of that structure of community.
Children are an integral part of the liturgy.
Children are an intensifier issue.
Children are an investment in the future.
Children are an odd combination of innocence and guile.
Children are an unfolding promise opening to new people, experiences and knowledge.
Children are anarchists.
Children are angry about the pain.
Children are animals being taught to be human.
Children are animals.
Children are another example of the implicit nature of the contract.
Children are another great reason to take a trip around the world.
Children are another matter.
Children are another problem.
Children are another 'reason' for staying in an abusive relationship.
Children are another story.
Children are another target for data collection.
Children are another way to add surprise.
Children are anxious to get out of school and enjoy the lazy days of summer.
Children are anxious to play and often shoot immediately after an opponent's shot.
Children are apt memorizers.
Children are apt to be struck with novelty and strange appearances.
Children are apt to have decor opinions, too.
Children are apt to panic when they fall in the water suddenly.
Children are apt to stare at the maimed.
Children are around their parents too much to be fooled by hypocrisy.
Children are artists at heart.
Children are as apt to try swinging a cut-down golf club as a baseball bat.
Children are as expensive as houses.
Children are as innocent and new as white paper.
Children are as puzzled by passing time as grownups.
Children are as smart as they are selfish.
Children are as vulnerable to today's stressful conditions as are adults.
Children are Asian, and most have a light skin tone with dark hair and eyes.
Children are asleep while animals are roaming at night.
Children are asleep.
Children are assets.
Children are astute.
Children are at a disadvantage when performing prolonged aerobic exercise when compared to adults.
Children are at a greater risk for some pesticides for a number of reasons.
Children are at a greater risk than adults when treated with steroid-containing creams.
Children are at a greater risk than adults when treated with topical corticosteroids.
Children are at a particular risk of bicycle-related injuries and deaths.
Children are at a stage in their lives when little things can make a big, life-long difference .
Children are at a very low risk of exposure, unless the pregnant mother is infected.
Children are at an even greater risk around flowing grain.
Children are at an extreme disadvantage compared to an adult's size and mental capability.
Children are at day-care.
Children are at even greater risk.
Children are at far greater risk with people they know, at least casually.
Children are at grave risk when they are neglected and left unsupervised.
Children are at great risk because of their sensitivity to such chemicals.
Children are at great risk on the farm.
Children are at greater risk because they tend to put things into their mouths.
Children are at greater risk due to their attempts to pat, play with or feed animals.
Children are at greater risk for frostbite than adults.
Children are at greater risk of becoming dehydrated, especially during the summer months.
Children are at greater risk of developing asthma.
Children are at greater risk of injury.
Children are at greater risk of pesticide exposure than most adults.
Children are at greater risk than adults from certain kinds of exposures to hazardous substances.
Children are at greater risk with people that they know than by the proverbial stranger.
Children are at greatest risk when they are getting on and off the school bus.
Children are at greatest risk when they are getting on or off the school bus.
Children are at greatest risk.
Children are at high risk because they often play barefoot in areas with contaminated soil.
Children are at high risk from pesticide exposure.
Children are at high risk of developing chemical dependency and emotional problems later in life.
Children are at high risk to the adverse effects associated with pesticide exposure.
Children are at higher risk for adrenal insufficiency in such cases than older people are.
Children are at higher risk of airway obstruction because they have narrower airways than adults.
Children are at highest risk at birth and before either baptism or circumcision.
Children are at highest risk.
Children are at home in pain.
Children are at home scared.
Children are at increased risk because of their small size.
Children are at many ages and stages within our classroom.
Children are at more risk than adults.
Children are at once the same and yet so different.
Children are at once thinking, acting, and feeling beings.
Children are at particular risk because of their small size and lack of strength and mobility.
Children are at particular risk from malnutrition because of war.
Children are at particular risk of poisoning.
Children are at particular risk.
Children are at play.
Children are at risk . . .
Children are at risk because of that.
Children are at risk because of the human and social conditions into which they are born.
Children are at risk during the hours after school before their parents return from work.
Children are at risk for heat illness.
Children are at risk for injury from the moment they are born.
Children are at risk for injury no matter where they are riding.
Children are at risk for numerous infectious diseases and unintentional injuries.
Children are at risk for pedestrian injuries and fatalities.
Children are at risk for snowmobile-related injury from being the operator, bystander, or passenger.
Children are at risk from passive smoking even before they are born.
Children are at risk in a couple of different categories.
Children are at risk in cars, on the street, and in the water.
Children are at risk in small unregistered homes.
Children are at risk of a very poor outcome.
Children are at risk of dehydration and hypovolemic shock.
Children are at risk of developing repetitive stress and other health injuries.
Children are at risk today.
Children are at serious risk.
Children are at special risk from farm-related accidents.
Children are at special risk of lung damage and illness from inhaled smoke.
Children are at special risk owing to their smaller body mass.
Children are at special risk since they can rapidly become seriously ill with malaria.
Children are at special risk.
Children are at that stage in life where they are suppose to be protected.
Children are at the bottom of the food chain.
Children are at the bottom of the power structure.
Children are at the centre of World Vision s work.
Children are at the forefront of many new attempts to control society.
Children are at the greatest risk of being harmed by the toxins in non-organic food.
Children are at the greatest risk of infection.
Children are at the heart of any human community.
Children are at the heart of the issue.
Children are at the highest risk of infection.
Children are at the highest risk of krimi roga.
Children are at the highest risk of suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder after a quake.
Children are at times cute, captivating and endearing.
Children are available domestically and internationally.
Children are available for adoption around the state of Virginia.
Children are available for adoption both within the United States and abroad.
Children are available for referral at age eight months and up.
Children are available for referral at age six months and up.
Children are available for referral at age twelve months and up.
Children are available for referral from birth to age five.
Children are aware of brands and status items before they can read.
Children are aware of racial differences by the time they're preschoolers.
Children are aware of the conflict between parents.
Children are aware they are supposed to be supported by both their parents.
Children are awash in audio stimuli in today s society.
Children are away from home, sometimes across the country and roles or one's status have changed.
Children are back in school and the traffic is diminished.
Children are back in the fields.
Children are based on schedules which involve schooling, education and after-school activities.
Children are basically honest and open about their feelings so trust their instincts, too.
Children are basically self-absorbed in their own lives.
Children are basically selfish and aggressive.
Children are basically very warm little people.
Children are bearers of family secrets, which causes anxiety for parents and for kids.
Children are beautiful, no matter what their color.
Children are beautiful, wonderful individuals.
Children are beautiful.
Children are beginning to skip meals, worry that they're fat, and diet, at earlier and earlier ages.
Children are being.
Children are best able to grow and learn in a home that uses a positive, authoritative approach.
Children are best able to learn a new language when they're young.
Children are best friends one week and worst enemies the next.
Children are best when natural.
Children are better able to learn and mature as their needs demand.
Children are better able to tackle the academic day.
Children are better aware of the successes they are capable of when they are challenged.
Children are better companions for babies than adults.
Children are better learners when their lives are stress-free.
Children are better off away from conflict.
Children are better off congested than drugged.
Children are better off if their mothers stay home.
Children are better off over the course of a lifetime if they go to school.
Children are better off playing with children their own age.
Children are better prepared to approach their work and are more settled throughout the day.
Children are better prepared to succeed in school.
Children are better sailors than adults.
Children are better together than apart.
Children are big business.
Children are bi-lingual and are exposed to many cultures.
Children are blameless.
Children are blank tapes.
Children are blessings.
Children are blind and deaf to the cigarette danger.
Children are body painted free, but most adults are asked to contribute to Wreck Beach fundraising.
Children are boons.
Children are born ones.
Children are born, the world develops Points and edges never noticed before.
Children are both curious and fearful about extreme weather.
Children are both male and female.
Children are boys and girls, adults are men and women.
Children are brain damaged for life.
Children are brave and confident when they have grown up well protected and surrounded by love.
Children are brothers and sisters to each other and share the household chores with their parents.
Children are builders of their own intellectual structures.
Children are bundles of possibilities.
Children are busier than ever with after school and weekend activities, summer camp, part-time jobs.
Children are busy in their early years with imitating their elders in all conceivable practices.
Children are busy just like parents.
Children are busy There are fewer children in a family nowadays.
Children are busy transcribing and planning their oral history projects.
Children are but one measure of a life.
Children are by definition remarkably self-centered beasts.
Children are by law incapable of giving informed consent.
Children are by nature curious and open-minded.
Children are by nature droolers, chompers and regular old germ-spreaders.
Children are by nature eclectic.
Children are by nature innocent and cute.
Children are by nature participants.
Children are by nature very curious.
Children are by nature, beings who are curious, creative, intelligent and eager to learn.
Children are capable of breathes.
Children are capable of close doors.
Children are capable of communication which is alert and responsive.
Children are capable of having greater visions than any adults have.
Children are capable of helping each other resolve conflicts.
Children are capable of laughs.
Children are capable of learning two languages simultaneously without damaging either.
Children are capable of lose keys.
Children are capable of much more than teachers and parents generally realize.
Children are capable of pain.
Children are capable of play games.
Children are capable of playing games, too.
Children are capable of putting the most surprising objects up their noses.
Children are capable of row boats.
Children are capable of skips.
Children are capable of some pretty remarkable things until they're told otherwise.
Children are capable of state names.
Children are capable of trade cards.
Children are capable of walks.
Children are capable of wash dishs.
Children are capable of whines.
Children are capable of wishs.
Children are central to the American public library.
Children are certainly a key part of family life.
Children are certainly a source of inspiration.
Children are certainly among the dead and wounded.
Children are certainly important to the long-term success of the medium.
Children are certainly welcome at closing.
Children are certainly welcome at our closings.
Children are certainly welcome to be present, and involved.
Children are certainly welcome to come to the lecture, but the primary audience is adults.
Children are certainly welcome to remain in the sanctuary until they are more comfortable here.
Children are change agents.
Children are children - except when they go to war.
Children are children everywhere, and so are head lice.
Children are children for their innocence.
Children are children no matter what generation they belong to.
Children are children only once.
Children are children, even the best well-seemingly behaved ones.
Children are children, whatever side of the conflict they belong to.
Children are children.
Children are citizens and their ideas are worth hearing.
Children are citizens of the society of today and tomorrow.
Children are citizens, and their ideas are worth hearing.
Children are clever and sometimes learn very early that there are ways to finesse mom and dad.
Children are clever.
Children are close observers.
Children are closely supervised and staff is well trained in health and safety standards.
Children are closer to their grandparents than before.
Children are closest to the ground, where most air pollutants are concentrated.
Children are clumsy and awkward.
Children are comfortable and fluent with art.
Children are comfortable.
Children are commonly present at animal fighting events.
Children are compassionate when others are sensitive to their needs first.
Children are competent to express their feelings from birth, and they are eager to cooperate.
Children are competitive.
Children are completely open.
Children are concerned about controlling the world.
Children are concerned about the future, and care about the well-being of plants and animals.
Children are concerned about their bodies, their appearance, and what is normal.
Children are concerned about their futures.
Children are concerned about there body image early on.
Children are concrete in their thinking.
Children are concrete thinkers and they're preparing for the roles they'll take as adults.
Children are concrete thinkers, so select mission projects they can clearly relate to.
Children are concrete thinkers.
Children are consistently vulnerable to sexual abuse from age three on.
Children are consumers in training.
Children are contagious before they have a rash or joint pains.
Children are contagious five days before the rash and until the lesions become dry.
Children are contagious for a week before the rash appears until one week after the pink rash fades.
Children are content to know that things work without caring so much about how they work.
Children are continuously in a learning mode.
Children are copycats.
Children are crazy for the experience.
Children are created by births.
Children are created by parents.
Children are creative and like to change recipes, allowing for fun variation.
Children are creative and willing to imagine and pretend.
Children are creative with ways to reuse colorful items when wrapping gifts.
Children are creative, and the right lighting makes their room more inspiring.
Children are creators of meaning.
Children are creatures of habit.
Children are critical.
Children are crucial to the life of our church.
Children are curious .
Children are curious about all kinds of bugs and are sure to enjoy learning about the life of a bee.
Children are curious about and observant of such shape changes.
Children are curious about fire.
Children are curious about how language works.
Children are curious about their world.
Children are curious and eager to learn.
Children are curious and impulsive in nature.
Children are curious and learn by exploration.
Children are curious and like to explore and climb.
Children are curious and resourceful explorers who love to learn new things.
Children are curious and want to learn.
Children are curious by nature and are natural learners.
Children are curious by nature, and investigate their world by putting most things in their mouths.
Children are curious by nature.
Children are curious little sponges who are constantly absorbing and learning.
Children are curious observers of their world.
Children are curious when they are very young.
Children are curious, and an open dishwasher door is inviting to a small child.
Children are curious, and they act fast.
Children are curious.
Children are cute, precocious, wise beyond their years.
Children are deep thinkers and they make surprising observations and decisions.
Children are definitely welcome at all services.
Children are deliberate targets of snipers.
Children are delicate.
Children are delighted to see funny characters, or ordinary people doing sill things.
Children are delighted when they see their name in print.
Children are delighted with the familiar yet pure simplicity of the style.
Children are delighted with the monkeys which climb over the car.
Children are delightful surprises, unpredictable from the very beginning.
Children are delightfully inquisitive and eager to learn new things.
Children are delightfully unpredictable.
Children are delightfully willing students.
Children are delinquents.
Children are demographically the majority.
Children are dependent on adults for love, care, security and food.
Children are dependent on parents.
Children are dependent on the teacher.
Children are dependent on their parents for food, clothing and shelter.
Children are dependent on their parents for protection and support.
Children are dependent persons whose lives are defined by others.
Children are dependent upon their parents.
Children are dependents.
Children are descendants.
Children are desperate for education, but even the smallest expenses are often beyond their reach.
Children are desperate to know the letters of their name.
Children are desperately afraid.
Children are developmentally different.
Children are diagnosed with allergies.
Children are diagnosed with food allergies.
Children are diagnosed with shellfish allergies.
Children are diehard transhumants.
Children are different and so are social scientists.
Children are different and there is no one right way to raise a child.
Children are different at different ages.
Children are different at different times.
Children Are Different From adults, even when they have typhoid fever.
Children are different from adults.
Children are different from each other.
Children are different from grown-ups.
Children are different from one another.
Children are different from the start.
Children are different in their physiology and psychology.
Children are different now.
Children are different physiologically than adults and more vulnerable to injury in a crash.
Children are different than adults, particularly when it comes to sleep.
Children are different than adults.
Children are different today.
Children are different with different needs.
Children are different.
Children are difficult to deal with but require the utmost affection.
Children are difficult to teach death education.
Children are difficult.
Children are direct or indirect victims of abuse in more than half of such domestic violence cases.
Children are disc jockeys.
Children are disobedient to their parents.
Children are dressed up , and go from house to house begging for money .
Children are dressed up, and go from house to house begging for money.
Children are durable.
Children are each a unique creation.
Children are eager for another look.
Children are eager to be ever more grown up and responsible.
Children are eager to come school.
Children are eager to learn about how adults make money.
Children are eager to learn how things work and explore concepts of time, space and quantity.
Children are eager to learn when given the chance.
Children are eager to learn.
Children are eager to please parents, teachers and peers by behaving in acceptable ways.
Children are eager to show adults their creations.
Children are eager to spend their pocket money in grocery shops or amusement parks.
Children are easier targets.
Children are easily shy about such things at home and in school.
Children are easily the most receptive persons in the housing projects.
Children are easy prey for predators.
Children are easy targets as they are innocent, trusting and curious.
Children are easy to love.
Children are easy to strike - they are vulnerable.
Children are eating too much sugar, too much fat, and drinking too many soft drinks, they say.
Children are eerily silent, or sleep, while the pews fill with shuffling feet.
Children are effective learners.
Children are egocentric.
Children are elementary school age.
Children are eligible for a card after enrolling in kindergarten.
Children are eligible for a card at age five.
Children are eligible for a card when they sign their full name.
Children are eligible for enrollment regardless of race, religion or ethnic background.
Children are eligible for enrollment the month of their third birthday.
Children are eligible for one scholarship per summer.
Children are eligible for paid or free milk based on family income and household size.
Children are eligible for preventive dental coverage only.
Children are eligible for screenings and special educational services.
Children are eligible for services based on diagnostic testing and state guidelines.
Children are eligible for services if an evaluation indicates atypical or delayed development.
Children are eligible for special education from birth through age twenty-one.
Children are eligible for special education services beginning at age three.
Children are eligible for the program based on their family income.
Children are eligible for their own cards when they are in kindergarten.
Children are eligible on the basis of family income.
Children are eligible to apply for legal aid.
Children are eligible to receive their own Library Card and are encouraged to do so.
Children are eligible up to the time they turn five.
Children are emotionally complete.
Children are emotionally quite perceptive.
Children are empirical scientists of the first order.
Children are en- couraged to guess, explore, experiment and imitate.
Children are encourage to learn through play, to explore and to investigate.
Children are encouraged to choose from between positive alternatives.
Children are encouraged to share their stories in class.
Children are encouraged with no aggression at all.
Children are encourages to discover their world and themselves.
Children are endlessly creative in ways that few adults can even hope to be.
Children are endurance animals and are best suited to adapt to aerobic exercises.
Children are enrolled on a first come, first serve basis.
Children are enthusiastic about the opportunity to lead in worship.
Children are entirely welcome in the water.
Children are equal with the adults.
Children are equally likely to be abused.
Children are equally welcome.
Children are erratic eaters because they are very sensitive to their hunger and appetite.
Children are especially accessible to illness.
Children are especially appreciative of contributions made by others.
Children are especially at risk .
Children are especially at risk as they are prone to dart into traffic.
Children are especially at risk by exposure to a harmful environment.
Children are especially at risk for acute respiratory illness.
Children are especially at risk from exposure to atrazine.
Children are especially at risk in the afternoon after being dismissed from school.
Children are especially at risk in the afternoon hours, once they are dismissed from school.
Children are especially at risk of ear damage by inserting small objects into the ear canal.
Children are especially at risk of encountering a problem food when they are away from home.
Children are especially at risk on and near the water.
Children are especially at risk when pesticides are used in their living areas.
Children are especially at risk.
Children are especially aware of their kinship with animals.
Children are especially excited about the exotic wanderers, the peafowl.
Children are especially good at visualizing the disappearance of warts.
Children are especially hard on their clothing.
Children are especially important in the celebration of Pesach.
Children are especially innocent and vulnerable.
Children are especially likely to have bleeding in the subdural space in cases of head injury.
Children are especially likely to project their feelings and experiences onto an animal.
Children are especially prone to being overly ventilated.
Children are especially prone to lice infestation.
Children are especially prone to problems related to indoor air contaminants.
Children are especially prone to think that things they had now control over are their fault.
Children are especially sensitive to chloroquine and primaquine.
Children are especially sensitive to environmental hazards.
Children are especially sensitive to lead exposure, which can retard their growth and intelligence.
Children are especially sensitive to lead.
Children are especially sensitive to many chemicals applied in schools, often without any notice.
Children are especially sensitive to the chronic effects of lead exposure.
Children are especially sensitive to the dangers of secondhand smoke.
Children are especially sensitive to the effects of aminoglycosides.
Children are especially sensitive to the effects of belladonna alkaloids.
Children are especially sensitive to the effects of chloroquine.
Children are especially sensitive to the effects of hydroxychloroquine.
Children are especially sensitive to the effects of pesticides.
Children are especially sensitive to the effects of pimozide.
Children are especially sensitive to the effects of second-hand smoke.
Children are especially sensitive.
Children are especially susceptible and pregnant women are at high risk.
Children are especially susceptible because of their close contact in day cares and schools.
Children are especially susceptible because they put so many things into their mouths.
Children are especially susceptible to air pollutants like mercury.
Children are especially susceptible to air pollution.
Children are especially susceptible to foodborne illness.
Children are especially susceptible to pesticides due to their immature development.
Children are especially susceptible to rip currents.
Children are especially susceptible to secondhand smoke.
Children are especially susceptible to the adverse effects of mercury.
Children are especially susceptible to the effects of malnutrition.
Children are especially susceptible to the effects of smog.
Children are especially susceptible to the hazards of even small amounts of radiation.
Children are especially susceptible to toxic chemicals and poisons.
Children are especially susceptible.
Children are especially venerable to the effects of chemicals.
Children are especially vulnerable and so are workers exposed to the emissions.
Children are especially vulnerable because of the effects of domestic violence.
Children are especially vulnerable because their Eustachian tubes are narrower than adults.
Children are especially vulnerable because their lungs are still developing.
Children are especially vulnerable because they breathe in more pollution per pound.
Children are especially vulnerable during the crisis.
Children are especially vulnerable in a crash because of the size and shape of their bodies.
Children are especially vulnerable to blockages as their Eustachian tubes are narrower than adults.
Children are especially vulnerable to damage from low fat diets.
Children are especially vulnerable to environmentally related disease and illness, says the report.
Children are especially vulnerable to hunger.
Children are especially vulnerable to infection due to their high exposure risk.
Children are especially vulnerable to landmines because of their curiosity and love of play.
Children are especially vulnerable to lead poisoning from soil lead contamination.
Children are especially vulnerable to lead poisoning.
Children are especially vulnerable to long-lasting mental and emotional effects.
Children are especially vulnerable to malaria.
Children are especially vulnerable to overuse injuries because their bones are growing.
Children are especially vulnerable to ozone's harmful effects, as are adults with existing disease.
Children are especially vulnerable to pesticides.
Children are especially vulnerable to poor nutrition.
Children are especially vulnerable to secondhand tobacco smoke.
Children are especially vulnerable to shock.
Children are especially vulnerable to the effects of lead.
Children are especially vulnerable to the harm pesticides can cause.
Children are especially vulnerable to the harsh images appearing on television and in newspapers.
Children are especially vulnerable to the sun's damaging rays and require special protection.
Children are especially vulnerable to toxic effects.
Children are especially vulnerable, since they are sent to scavenge.
Children are especially vulnerable. . .
Children are especially vulnerable.
Children are especially welcome at the Bookstore.
Children are especially welcome for demonstrations on bicycle, fire and poison safety.
Children are especially welcome with a play corner for the younger ones.
Children are especially welcome, and families are encouraged to attend.
Children are especially welcome, and the nicely appointed playground and wading pool prove it.
Children are especially welcome, and there are family rooms with cots and high chairs.
Children are especially welcome, and well catered for.
Children are especially welcome.
Children are essential to Pesach.
Children are even at greater risk because they put things in their mouths.
Children are even cheaper because they are so easily controled.
Children are even more affected by cyberphobia when their teachers suffer from the affliction.
Children are even more blessed if they have great-grandparents in that care circle also.
Children are even more defenseless against toy-based programs.
Children are even more vulnerable than adults to health effects from exposures to certain chemicals.
Children are even more vulnerable to such deprivations.
Children are everyone's business.
Children are everywhere and the community has a great spirit.
Children are everywhere and they are everyone's children.
Children are everywhere, many without proper clothes or shoes.
Children are everywhere, tugging at curtains and knocking over a vase of plastic flowers.
Children are everywhere.
Children are evil.
Children are evolved from monkeys.
Children are excellent at being flexible.
Children are excellent at school.
Children are excellent at spotting magic.
Children are excellent carriers of information that can be passed on to their parents.
Children are excellent parental mimics.
Children are excellent students of self-hypnosis as they have very active imaginations.
Children are exceptional communicators when they know they have a truly connected listener.
Children are exceptionally vulnerable to sun damage.
Children are excited about eating fruits and vegetables that they grew themselves.
Children are excited to be involved in the experiment.
Children are excited to read.
Children are exempt from the possession limit unless they are also involved in trade.
Children are expensive and time-consuming.
Children are expensive. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Children are expensive.
Children are experts at getting themselves in trouble.
Children are experts at language acquisition and can readily make the changes.
Children are experts at playing.
Children are experts at remaking the language.
Children are experts in creative ways of learning and self-expression.
Children are extremely aware of their parents traumatic reactions.
Children are extremely cruel to each other.
Children are extremely curious and resourceful.
Children are extremely curious, but lack adult judgement.
Children are extremely impressionable.
Children are extremely loyal to their parents.
Children are extremely motivated to communicate with other kids who are in their social group.
Children are extremely neuroplastic.
Children are extremely observant and watch their parents carefully.
Children are extremely resilient.
Children are extremely restless, anxious and clingy.
Children are extremely sensitive to adult attitudes about winning and losing.
Children are extremely sensitive to energy.
Children are extremely sensitive to lead dust, because their nervous systems are still developing.
Children are extremely trusting of grown-ups, they want to believe what they are told.
Children are extremely vulnerable to classes of synthetic pesticides that mimic natural hormones.
Children are extremely vulnerable to grown-ups and peer pressure.
Children are extremely vulnerable to the effects of lead poisoning.
Children are extremely vulnerable to the impacts of high unemployment and under-employment.
Children are fairly good judges of character despite the age or position of the adult.
Children are fairly resistant to side effects from anti-inflammatories.
Children are fairly well-prepared for school the next day.
Children are familiar with a wide range of number rhymes, songs and stories.
Children are famous for their uncanny ability to locate hidden objects.
Children are fantastic.
Children are far more able to discriminate between fantasy and reality than generally assumed.
Children are far more adaptable and accepting than adults.
Children are far more critical.
Children are far more frequently molested by someone they, and many times their parents know.
Children are far more important than the rights of sex offenders.
Children are far more important.
Children are far more likely to be harmed by serious infectious diseases than by immunizations.
Children are far more susceptible to harm from exposure to pesticides than adults.
Children are far safer in school, in fact, than they are in their own homes.
Children are far too young for youth culture, which is really only suitable for adults.
Children are fascinated about the life cycle of a frog.
Children are fast learners and become familiar and competent with the new multimedia.
Children are fatter than ever.
Children are favorite targets of rebels because they are easy to abduct and intimidate.
Children are feelers.
Children are fickle, sometimes of one mind, sometimes of another.
Children are fine.
Children are finicky but they're very true to their beliefs.
Children are finicky, but they're very true to their beliefs.
Children are first ofthe target audience increases.
Children are first.
Children are fond of colors.
Children are for half the price.
Children are forgiveness.
Children are foundational to marriage.
Children are fragile although sometimes they appear tough.
Children are fragile beings.
Children are free except for a nominal meal charge.
Children are free if accompanied by an adult, two and three day passes are available.
Children are free if they stay in the same room as their parents and use existing bedding.
Children are free of charge.
Children are FREE of charge.
Children are free of time's restraints.
Children are free to act like children rather than like adults.
Children are free to choose from the planned activities or to engage in classroom free play.
Children are free to choose their own activities or participate in free play.
Children are free to choose their own activities, to work alone or in small groups.
Children are free to choose their tasks, ideally both inside and outside in the fresh air.
Children are free to come and go as they please.
Children are free to come and go from the playground site.
Children are free to eat and drink directly after sealants are placed.
Children are free to enjoy both the directed and exploratory games at their own pace.
Children are free to explore a variety of media.
Children are free to explore, create and learn.
Children are free to express themselves and doodle to their hearts content.
Children are free to go anywhere with their bikes.
Children are free to move about, absorb their surroundings, dance, and sing along.
Children are free to move, handle, explore and work with the materials.
Children are free to pray silently as many have always done.
Children are free to utilize our services as determined by the family's case manager.
Children are free to work on suggested projects or pursue their own ideas.
Children are free to work with materials of their choice, alone or with others.
Children are free when they stay in the room with their parents.
Children are free when with their family.
Children are free.
Children are Free.
Children are frequent targets of abuse.
Children are frequently absent from school due to common childhood illnesses.
Children are frequently confused about what a poison is.
Children are frequently the victims of firearms left within their reach.
Children are frequently the victims of rape.
Children are fretful, irritable, and obviously uncomfortable, but otherwise well.
Children are friendly to each other.
Children are friendly.
Children are frightened, confused, sad and angry when parents separate.
Children are from low-income families, with the majority receiving some form of public assistance.
Children are from various ethnic and language groups with a Caucasian majority.
Children are full members of a democratic society and bearers of their own rights.
Children are full of fantasies and imaginations.
Children are full of laughter and life.
Children are full of rebellion and under pressure to prove their love to their parents.
Children are fun to be around, most of the time anyway.
Children are functionally deaf to sounds absent from their native tongue.
Children are future parents.
Children are game for anything.
Children are generally apathetic and thirstless and feverish with chills.
Children are generally from middle and upper income families.
Children are generally insensitive to extreme noise levels.
Children are generally more active than at any other point in their lives.
Children are generally more resilient than adults to a new environment.
Children are generous little people and they share their faith so naturally.
Children are gifted, adults have respect for each other.
Children are gifts.
Children are given baskets filled with candy.
Children are given progressively demanding responsibilities from the age of five or six.
Children are good at limiting their own activity.
Children are good at noticing things but poor at understanding what they mean.
Children are good for once, blackmailed by the prospect of presents by the bucket.
Children are good for the next few days.
Children are good judges of how much they want to eat.
Children are good learners, and they learn best by example.
Children are good psychologists.
Children are good talkers.
Children are good teachers of the contrast between small and large.
Children are good, but interstate commerce beats four aces.
Children are good.
Children are graded on how well they currently handling their situation .
Children are graded on how well they currently handling their situation.
Children are graded relative to the population at their developmental level.
Children are grateful for different ways of education.
Children are great adaptors.
Children are great appreciators.
Children are great assets for parents.
Children are great detectors of hypocrisy.
Children are great discoverers.
Children are great emulators.
Children are great helpers and have lots of fun sorting clothes by color and size.
Children are great imitators and mimic adults who light cigarettes, candles, and fireplaces.
Children are great imitators.
Children are great marketers.
Children are great mimics.
Children are great mimmics and love to copy e.g. mum or older kids.
Children are great psychologists.
Children are great role models for a generation of parents who bemoan our lack of time.
Children are great self regulators when it comes to calorie intake.
Children are great slaves for folding paper.
Children are great teachers.
Children are great there world is very different.
Children are great, and so are people with busy schedules.
Children are great.
Children are gullible.
Children are gunner down by random bullets.
Children are half of our population and all of our future.
Children are half price.
Children are half-price.
Children are happier and more inclined to use a safety seat if they feel comfortable in the seat.
Children are happier when parents find something to reward than when they find something to punish.
Children are happier when they can see what's going on.
Children are happier.
Children are happiness for a Soviet family.
Children are happiness.
Children are happy and encouraged to talk and express themselves.
Children are happy if their bellies are full.
Children are happy to confirm what they have seen with evidence from their own experience.
Children are happy to go back to school and see their friends and teachers.
Children are happy with pizza, hot dogs, hamburgers, or chicken nuggets.
Children are happy, healthy and calm.
Children are happy, learn to be with others, and show their feelings as they play.
Children are happy.
Children are hard to please, generally thirstless and worse for heat.
Children are hard work.
Children are harder to see because they are typically smaller than adults.
Children are healthier today than ever before.
Children are healthy and in well-equipped schools.
Children are healthy, happy, and safe, with a zest for life and the future.
Children are healthy.
Children are heart stealers.
Children are Heartbroken.
Children are heavy consumers of regular or diet soda.
Children are here now and their minds are always being molded.
Children are highly critical of the products they make.
Children are highly impressionably and intelligent individuals.
Children are highly motivated to be like, to obey, and to be accepted by their parents.
Children are highly motivated to read instruction printed on interesting board games.
Children are highly valued and domestic violence and child abuse very infrequent.
Children are highly vulnerable to pesticides.
Children are highly-susceptible to such things.
Children are home either unsupervised or under the care of strangers.
Children are home for the holidays.
Children are home from school.
Children are home-schooled with correspondence courses.
Children are honest, loving and forgiving.
Children are horizontal.
Children are human being.
Children are human beings and therefore sexual beings.
Children are human beings and, as such, have all the legal rights of human beings.
Children are human beings and, as such, have all the rights of human beings.
Children are human beings, too.
Children are human beings.
Children are human.
Children are humble by nature, that is, they have very little power over their own lives.
Children are humble.
Children are hungry to make that contribution.
Children are hungry.
Children are imaginative, open, inquisitive and excited about everything.
Children are imaginative, They tell the wildest tales.
Children are imitators.
Children are immature in their thinking abilities.
Children are impatient and can lose interest quickly.
Children are impatient by nature, and writing is no exception.
Children are imperfect because they are children.
Children are implementers.
Children are important in our church family.
Children are important in our worship and are often involved in reading scripture or drama.
Children are important reservoir of infection.
Children are important to any community.
Children are important to homosexual fathers.
Children are important to the parish.
Children are important too, so be sure to check out our line of childrens clothing and boots.
Children are important.
Children are impressionable.
Children are in a haste to go to school.
Children are in a state of rapid change and growth during their developmental years.
Children are in bondage to repay parents' debts and have very little money left for survival.
Children are in care for varying lengths of time and the usual plan is for the child to return home.
Children are in constant motion.
Children are in danger of falling from furniture, on stairs, from porches and windows.
Children are in good care, minimizing exposure to abuse and street loitering.
Children are in good health and available to adoptive parents.
Children are in great peril in America today.
Children are in many ways a reflection of their parents.
Children are in mixed ability tutor groups.
Children are in mixed aged groups.
Children are in mixed-age classrooms and work at their own pace, using materials they have chosen.
Children are in more danger from someone they know or are related to, than a stranger.
Children are in no way a necessity like food or shelter.
Children are in pairs.
Children are in particular danger of choking on small, hard foods when eating in restaurants.
Children are in portable classrooms.
Children are in preparation to become adults.
Children are in relatively good health yet there is no guarantee of any health problems.
Children are in scattered formation within the playing area.
Children are in school to learn .
Children are in school to learn to be productive members of the community.
Children are in school.
Children are in schools with overcrowded classes and overburdened teachers.
Children are in small groups for maximum possible individual attention.
Children are in soccer, baseball.
Children are in some sense aware of the importance of consistency.
Children are in the care of a highly trained and dedicated staff.
Children are in the church for the first part of the service.
Children are in the hospital today.
Children are in the line of fire.
Children are in the real center of fine games and activities .
Children are in the same ability group in every subject.
Children are in the third grade and enjoy swimming, ice skating, and Hebrew school.
Children are in their third year of college or higher.
Children are in turmoil across the United States.
Children are inate pleasure seekers.
Children are incapable of being artists.
Children are increasingly both the tools and the casualties of adult hatreds.
Children are incredible teachers.
Children are incredible.
Children are incredibly diverse in many ways.
Children are incredibly imaginative and, if left alone, come up with some perfectly brilliant ideas.
Children are incredibly open to and interested in diversity.
Children are indeed precious.
Children are indispensable members right now.
Children are indistinguishable from adults on the Internet.
Children are individually responsible to take their medication at the correct time.
Children are individuals and they all learn in different ways.
Children are individuals often with different needs.
Children are individuals who feel, create communicate and take in information in unique ways.
Children are individuals with their own temperament and personality.
Children are individuals with unique and special needs.
Children are individuals, creative and capable of problem solving.
Children are individuals, each with strengths and weaknesses.
Children are individuals.
Children are ineligible for the trial.
Children are infinitely safer today.
Children are influenced by the family and school.
Children are inherently curious and energetic.
Children are inherently fair.
Children are innate researchers.
Children are innately curious.
Children are innately interested in the natural world in which they live.
Children are innocent and eager to learn.
Children are innocent and know no sin.
Children are innocent and they understand things in black and white.
Children are innocent and trusting, and as such, they are quite often vulnerable to predators.
Children are innocent but they grow up and take the teachings of their families.
Children are innocent only in that they are born with a clean slate.
Children are innocent until they themselves sin by their own lust.
Children are innocent victims of family circumstances.
Children are innocent victims of their surroundings.
Children are innocent, pure, and impressionable.
Children are innocent.
Children are innocents and honesty on the computer can pose some huge problems.
Children are innocents.
Children are inquisitive and willing to learn.
Children are inquisitive.
Children are instinctive capitalists.
Children are instinctively post-modern in their creative approach.
Children are instructed to obey their parents.
Children are integral to our ministry.
Children are integrity meters.
Children are intelligent and worthwhile people deserving respect and capable of being respectful.
Children are intentional when they persist and succeed even when a goal seems out of reach.
Children are interested in animals and spend a lot of time interacting.
Children are interested in how their lives differ from the lives of children in the past.
Children are interested in knowing what the objects are made of.
Children are interested in sex.
Children are interested in the contents of bottles, boxes, and glasses.
Children are interested in things that move.
Children are interesting creatures.
Children are interesting to watch in a restaurant.
Children are intuitive.
Children are inventive and capable as music makers.
Children are invisible in our economic framework.
Children are irreplaceable.
Children are irritable and drowsy.
Children are irritable and want to be alone.
Children are just as good as adults in separating social contexts.
Children are just as upset by nonverbal as by verbal conflict.
Children are just bratty.
Children are just cruel.
Children are just developing coordination, so the brushes have wide, flat handles with rubber grips.
Children are just little people with less life experience.
Children are just one special target group which are esp.
Children are just pawns in the control game.
Children are just small adults.
Children are just so unpredictable.
Children are just that - children.
Children are just that, children.
Children are juveniles.
Children are keen observers and poor interpreters.
Children are keen observers of their parents' relationships.
Children are keen observers.
Children are keen sensors of parental angst.
Children are keenly observant.
Children are key to the lasting success of any effort to curb the costs of substance abuse.
Children are known to be more radiosensitive than adults.
Children are lamps, which illumine the path of the nation.
Children are largely creatures of imitation, loving to copy what they see in others.
Children are largely independent and free to make choices in terms of their activities.
Children are largely unable to articulate their fears, feelings and needs.
Children are learners.
Children are least able to protect themselves.
Children are least likely to be returned from Islamic countries.
Children are left at a significant disadvantage in terms of growth and development.
Children are left in ignorance.
Children are legacies.
Children are less able than adults to deal with interruptions in their routines and relationships.
Children are less active.
Children are less affected.
Children are less constrained.
Children are less equipped to deal with such effects than adults.
Children are less fortunate, with very few shops discounting children's clothing.
Children are less likely to experience facial pain and headache.
Children are less likely to fear what they know.
Children are less likely to have obvious symptoms of tuberculosis.
Children are less likely to hurt themselves or others when they are trained properly.
Children are less likely to manipulate, and learn that conflicts can be resolved in a civil way.
Children are less likely to misbehave when they focus on positives and what they can do.
Children are less likely to survive because their bodies are so vulnerable.
Children are less valuable, because their earnings are further in the future.
Children are liable to the reasonable correction of their parents.
Children are life, power, hope, and the chance for renewal and immortality.
Children are like angels, Without any wings.
Children are like anyone else, they don t like surprises.
Children are like arrows in the victor's hand .
Children are like elephants, they almost never forget.
Children are like flowers.
Children are like kites .
Children are like kites.
Children are like little innocent animals in some ways.
Children are like little radar detectors.
Children are like little sponges, always ready to soak up new information.
Children are like mosquitoes.
Children are like occupied territories.
Children are like putty.
Children are like seeds in the hands of adults.
Children are like sponges and adjust to changing cultures very quickly.
Children are like sponges for the first seven years of their life.
Children are like sponges that absorb anything.
Children are like sponges.
Children are like that.
Children are like the flowers in the wind.
Children are like wet cement.
Children are like wine.
Children are likely the key culprit.
Children are likely to be intensely critical and resentful of their parents' decision to divorce.
Children are likely to be more responsive to a teacher who affirms the values of the home culture.
Children are likely to bring a lot of happiness.
Children are likely to do well in their respective fields.
Children are likely to have a ball.
Children are likely to have much more subtle senses of smell than parents or grandparents.
Children are likely to model after the chemical use of their parents.
Children are likely to model behavior if the model is of the same-sex.
Children are likely to name the object first.
Children are likely to run into traffic lanes.
Children are likely to try other drugs while drinking.
Children are likely to use their parents as role models, as shown by our findings.
Children are limited to three gifts.
Children are limited to two books and adults to four on the first visit.
Children are literally powerless on their own.
Children are little adults.
Children are little dynamos.
Children are little human beings with an open mind.
Children are little learning machines.
Children are little people with hopes, dreams and fears just like adults.
Children are located in cars.
Children are located in classrooms.
Children are located in daycares.
Children are located in families.
Children are located in orphanages.
Children are located in pens.
Children are located in schools.
Children are located in toy stores.
Children are located in zoos.
Children are love HI and welcome.
Children are lucky to get special allowances from people.
Children are magic.
Children are major carriers as well as victims of pneumococcal disease.
Children are major victims of gun violence.
Children are malleable.
Children are marvelously perceptive.
Children are master daydreamers, master builders of whole worlds.
Children are master imitators.
Children are masters at devising strategies to get love or prevent abandonment.
Children are masters at figuring how to control adults.
Children are medically supervised, and all treatment modalities take place on site.
Children are messy.
Children are minors.
Children are miracles.
Children are miraculous.
Children are mirrors of the major adult influences in their lives.
Children are mirrors of their parents.
Children are Missouri's greatest natural resource.
Children are models of their parents.
Children are morally bad only after learning reprehensible behavior from adults.
Children are more able to show fairness if they receive it themselves.
Children are more affected and among adults, women predominate.
Children are more alert and calm if they have enjoyed a treat.
Children are more alert.
Children are more allergic to foods.
Children are more and more being seen as material possessions.
Children are more apt to become involved in gangs when they are left alone.
Children are more apt to believe their eyes than the courts.
Children are more apt to read if they come from a family of readers .
Children are more apt to resist and fight parents when in a defensive mode.
Children are more apt to sleep during the night hours.
Children are more at risk of over-exposure than adults.
Children are more at risk of violence at home and on the streets than in school.
Children are more at risk than adults.
Children are more bothered with itching then adults.
Children are more comfortable with differences when they understand why people are different.
Children are more compliant with the same gender parent.
Children are more complicated today.
Children are more cooperative when they help set the rules.
Children are more eager to do homework if they know that their parents care that it gets done.
Children are more eager to do homework if they know their parents care that it gets done.
Children are more encouraged to take their medicine.
Children are more enthused working together rather than working alone.
Children are more exposed to environmental threats.
Children are more familiar with other children.
Children are more flexible than adults.
Children are more focused on what they are doing, but enjoy it.
Children are more important than work, entertainment and social position.
Children are more impressionable than adults.
Children are more inapt to want to read when they see their parents reading.
Children are more inclined to drink chocolate milk rather than plain milk.
Children are more interested in activity than information.
Children are more interesting than anything.
Children are more likely than adults to be infected.
Children are more likely than adults to be too close to an air bag when it deploys.
Children are more likely than adults to become chronic carriers.
Children are more likely than adults to develop a throat abscess.
Children are more likely than adults to develop heat rash.
Children are more likely than adults to experience fatal complications of ackee fruit ingestion.
Children are more likely than adults to ingest surface soil contamination.
Children are more likely than adults to show no symptoms even if they are infected.
Children are more likely than any other age group to be poor.
Children are more likely to be abducted by family members than by strangers.
Children are more likely to be bitten than any other segment of the population.
Children are more likely to be carries than adults.
Children are more likely to be injured or killed by their parents.
Children are more likely to be interested in healthful food if they helped prepare it.
Children are more likely to be killed at home or on the streets than at school.
Children are more likely to be motivated to read when they're reading something they like.
Children are more likely to be poor than other age groups, including the elderly.
Children are more likely to be shy and embarrassed around peers than are adults.
Children are more likely to be victims of violence than any other age group.
Children are more likely to be vividly specific and thus more memorable.
Children are more likely to become infected than are adults.
Children are more likely to behave positively if that is a family expectation.
Children are more likely to catch pinworms in milder climates and in child care centres.
Children are more likely to chew nails and cuticles that are chapped and dry.
Children are more likely to commit suicide.
Children are more likely to cooperate than compete.
Children are more likely to develop iron deficiency anemia.
Children are more likely to do as their parents do, rather than as they say.
Children are more likely to do what a parent does rather than what a parent says.
Children are more likely to drop out of school at an early age.
Children are more likely to drop out of school if they change schools four or more times.
Children are more likely to eat food they helped prepare.
Children are more likely to eat foods that they have helped prepare.
Children are more likely to eat foods they help choose.
Children are more likely to eat right and exercise regularly if their parents do, too.
Children are more likely to eat something if they see parents eating it too.
Children are more likely to experience depressive and manic states together.
Children are more likely to experience hearing and visual problems .
Children are more likely to fight when they feel powerless.
Children are more likely to get along with each other when they can be fair.
Children are more likely to get bigger reactions to bug bites.
Children are more likely to get swimmer's ear from swimming pools than from lakes.
Children are more likely to have a conductive hearing loss then a sensorineural hearing loss.
Children are more likely to have a peanut allergy, but adults die more often.
Children are more likely to have a ruptured appendix than adults.
Children are more likely to have a tantrum if they are ill, tired or hungry.
Children are more likely to have an ear infection than adults, though.
Children are more likely to have epilepsy if they have certain other medical conditions.
Children are more likely to have food allergies than are adults.
Children are more likely to have grandparents alive today than in the past.
Children are more likely to have health insurance than adults.
Children are more likely to have increased interstitial markings in viral pneumonias.
Children are more likely to have prior experiences with books when they can choose what to read.
Children are more likely to have swollen nodes than are adults.
Children are more likely to identify with the victim than the perpetrator of violence.
Children are more likely to internalize learning when they reflect on what and how they learned.
Children are more likely to keep columns aligned if they put in the zeros.
Children are more likely to learn from playmates of a similar temperament.
Children are more likely to learn when activities are based on their interests.
Children are more likely to obey if they have a positive, loving relationship with their parents.
Children are more likely to play on treated grounds.
Children are more likely to play outdoors and bring food into contaminated areas.
Children are more likely to read the newspaper when they have role models who do so.
Children are more likely to repeat good behaviors when they are rewarded with attention and praise.
Children are more likely to respect limits when they realize their parents mean what they say.
Children are more likely to respond to limits that are real priorities for parents.
Children are more likely to respond to someone who knows their name.
Children are more likely to settle quickly in school if they know some of their class mates.
Children are more likely to share their ideas and feelings when others think they're important.
Children are more likely to show interest in something in which their parents are involved.
Children are more likely to smoke if their parents or friends smoke.
Children are more likely to spend time playing with family and friends during that time.
Children are more likely to stay asthmatic if they live in a damp home, according to new research.
Children are more likely to suffer from ear infections than adults for several reasons.
Children are more likely to suffer from elevated blood lead levels if they live in older housing.
Children are more likely to suffocate during the summer months and choke during the winter months.
Children are more likely to survive extended periods of time in cold water.
Children are more likely to take in toxicants through the skin than adults are.
Children are more likely to take risks.
Children are more likely to text message, and more likely to do it for longer periods.
Children are more likely to try a food they have helped to prepare.
Children are more likely to use the potty they choose, as well as any associated props.
Children are more likely to walk in soil without shoes and develop heavy infestations.
Children are more likely to want to learn if they are enjoying it.
Children are more likely today to spend time watching TV or videos than to ride their bikes and run.
Children are more motivated to learn when fathers take an active interest.
Children are more open to learning when they feel emotionally secure.
Children are more patient when they're busy and have something to do.
Children are more prone than adults to pesticide poisoning.
Children are more prone to air swallowing and acute gastric dilatation.
Children are more prone to colds, infections and allergies, all of which contribute to nosebleeds.
Children are more prone to delinquency.
Children are more prone to food allergies than adults.
Children are more relaxed and more themselves in an environment they are familiar with.
Children are more relaxed and stress-free than adults.
Children are more removed from parental protection.
Children are more resilient if they are born with easy temperaments and are in good mental health.
Children are more responsive to the emotions than adults.
Children are more self-conscious and peer pressure influences many of the activities they choose.
Children are more sensitive than adults to air quality .
Children are more sensitive than adults to many drugs.
Children are more sensitive than adults.
Children are more sensitive to air pollution than adults.
Children are more sensitive to pollution than adults.
Children are more sensitive to radiation than adults.
Children are more sensitive to some of the side effects of the medication.
Children are more sensitive to stimuli than adults, more easily distracted.
Children are more sincere, more innocent.
Children are more sophisticated now.
Children are more stable, and adults are more comfortable and mobile.
Children are more successful when their families are involved in their education.
Children are more susceptible because they often play outside on hot, muggy days.
Children are more susceptible before puberty.
Children are more susceptible than adults to contracting the disease.
Children are more susceptible than adults to mercury poisoning.
Children are more susceptible than adults to the toxic effects of anticholinergic agents.
Children are more susceptible than adults to vitamin A toxicity.
Children are more susceptible to arsenic toxicity.
Children are more susceptible to chemicals in the body.
Children are more susceptible to choking because their airways are narrower than an adults.
Children are more susceptible to common cold than adults.
Children are more susceptible to effects of lead than adults.
Children are more susceptible to environmental hazards than previously thought.
Children are more susceptible to environmental health hazards than adults.
Children are more susceptible to fractures, because their bones are still growing.
Children are more susceptible to frostbite since they have smaller fingers and toes.
Children are more susceptible to mercury poisoning than adults.
Children are more susceptible to planters wars than adults.
Children are more susceptible to pollutants than are adults.
Children are more susceptible to scalds than adults.
Children are more susceptible to the immune consequences of a splenectomy.
Children are more Susceptible to the occurrence of status, but more resistant to injury.
Children are more susceptible to viral bacteria than adults.
Children are more than eager to help visitors with their luggage.
Children are more than minds and bodies.
Children are more than simply negative experiences.
Children are more than twice as likely as the general population to be victims of violent crime.
Children are more than welcome at our events.
Children are more than welcome here.
Children are more than welcome to browse our product listings.
Children are more than welcome to stay in our large family rooms.
Children are more than welcome.
Children are more used to hearing living or dead.
Children are more variable in their viewing location.
Children are more violent than ever.
Children are more vulnerable than adults to all environmental threats.
Children are more vulnerable than adults to most neurotoxins.
Children are more vulnerable to environmental chemicals.
Children are more vulnerable to environmental hazards and degradation than adults.
Children are more vulnerable to environmental health threats than adults.
Children are more vulnerable to pesticides than adults for a number of reasons.
Children are more vulnerable to the effects of pesticides than adults are.
Children are more vulnerable to the serious effects of medications.
Children are more vulnerable to the toxins found in food, air, and water.
Children are more vulnerable to vitamin A overdose.
Children are more vulnerable.
Children are more welcoming to the idea of a stepbrother than a half brother according to studies.
Children are more willing to take on challenging tasks in a supportive environment.
Children are most at risk because they run and play outdoors in the summer, breathing deeply.
Children are most at risk for lead poisoning.
Children are most at risk for overexposure to UV radiation.
Children are most at risk, pediatricians warn.
Children are most at risk.
Children are most confused when choosing the main events of a story.
Children are most contagious before the rash occurs.
Children are most eager to do what they see other children doing.
Children are most interested in learning about their surroundings.
Children are most likely to be bitten while playing or camping in woodland situations.
Children are most likely to be placed with grandparents.
Children are most likely to be sexually abused by a stranger.
Children are most likely to have thyroid damage.
Children are most likely to succumb.
Children are most likely to suffer sprains than broken bones.
Children are most malleable early in life, and as they get older, change is more difficult.
Children are most often the victims of unintentional firearm deaths.
Children are most often victims of dog attacks.
Children are most prone to developing epilepsy in early childhood or at adolescence.
Children are most prone to stress fractures in sports where repetitive training is required .
Children are most prone to systemic reactions.
Children are most susceptible to catching ringworm, but adults are affected as well.
Children are most susceptible to damage from exposure to toxic chemicals.
Children are most susceptible to the effects of lead.
Children are most susceptible.
Children are most suseptible to humor and can readily accept it under even difficult circumstances.
Children are most vulnerable as far as infections are concerned.
Children are most vulnerable because of their curiosity and small size.
Children are most vulnerable prior to the age of eighteen.
Children are most vulnerable to dioxins and other toxic chemicals.
Children are most vulnerable to lead poisoning, which can lead to anemia and cause brain damage.
Children are most vulnerable to the sun during their first ten years.
Children are most vulnerable when they are alone.
Children are most vulnerable, health officials say.
Children are most welcome and can choose from their own special reduced price menu.
Children are most welcome and can handle objects in the kiddie's kist.
Children are most welcome and family rooms are available.
Children are most welcome at any of our services.
Children are most welcome to attend all of the day-trips, meals and some of the seminar programs.
Children are most welcome, and one room is available for pets.
Children are most welcome, with cot, high chair, babysitting, board games and jigsaws available.
Children are most welcome.
Children are mostly from labourer class.
Children are much better off learning the facts of life from a parent or a book than watching a dog.
Children are much clearer than adults are on the issue.
Children are much less likely to have a stroke than older adults.
Children are much loved and welcomed.
Children are much more alone today.
Children are much more human and more honest than adults.
Children are much more interested in the experience than in results.
Children are much more likely to be harmed by serious diseases than by immunizations.
Children are much more likely to be undercounted than adults.
Children are much more likely to develop allergies if their parents have allergies.
Children are much more likely to die in cars than on bikes or in deliberate attacks.
Children are much more likely to do as a parent does than as a parent says.
Children are much more likely to get bitten than adults.
Children are much more likely to have their tonsils and adenoids removed.
Children are much more likely to sustain face, scalp, and neck bites than are adults.
Children are much more likely to watch general audience sitcoms than children's programs.
Children are much more open minded about new things when they have a hand in planning.
Children are much more responsive to price changes than adults.
Children are much more sensitive to alcohol than adults.
Children are much more sensitive to the effects of alclometasone.
Children are much more sensitive to the effects of amcinonide.
Children are much more sensitive to the effects of betamethasone topical.
Children are much more sensitive to the effects of clobetasol topical.
Children are much more sensitive to the effects of fluocinolone topical.
Children are much more sensitive to the effects of halcinonide topical.
Children are much more sensitive to the effects of hydrocortisone topical.
Children are much more sensitive to the effects of prednicarbate topical.
Children are much more sensitive to the effects of triamcinolone topical.
Children are much more sensitive to the harmful effects of lead than are adults.
Children are much more susceptible to middle ear infections than adults.
Children are much more susceptible to slick advertising and gaudy promotions than adults.
Children are much more vulnerable to toxic exposures than adults.
Children are much to susceptible to the advertisements they see.
Children are multi-tasking with computers, the Internet and Web pages, cell phones, cable and video.
Children are natural adventurers.
Children are natural born scientists.
Children are natural builders who love to hammer.
Children are natural collectors.
Children are natural doers.
Children are natural explorers.
Children are natural interviewers - curious, direct and uninhibited.
Children are natural intimates of the ground.
Children are natural learners.
Children are natural mimics.
Children are natural musicians.
Children are natural nudists and quickly take to it like ducks take to water.
Children are natural nudists and usually take to it with a minimum of adjustment.
Children are natural nudists and usually take to it with minimum adjustment.
Children are natural nudists too.
Children are natural optimists.
Children are natural pickers.
Children are natural scientists because of their inquisitiveness.
Children are natural scientists, experts at using play to experiment and discover.
Children are natural scientists.
Children are natural sorters.
Children are natural stewards, especially at the lower grades.
Children are naturally active learners.
Children are naturally active.
Children are naturally chatty and inquisitive.
Children are naturally compassionate.
Children are naturally curious .
Children are naturally curious about all adult things.
Children are naturally curious about fire.
Children are naturally curious about sexuality, even if it's never been mentioned.
Children are naturally curious about the behaviors and lives of animals.
Children are naturally curious about their bodies and sexual functions.
Children are naturally curious about their environment, especially at an early age.
Children are naturally curious about themes which they find interesting.
Children are naturally curious about what their parents do outside the home.
Children are naturally curious and are drawn to objects that look like toys.
Children are naturally curious and are naturally attracted to emulate the work of mentors.
Children are naturally curious and ask lots of questions.
Children are naturally curious and bold all at once.
Children are naturally curious and busy exploring.
Children are naturally curious and consequently are able to quickly learn a second language.
Children are naturally curious and eager to learn.
Children are naturally curious and easily attracted to water.
Children are naturally curious and like to explore.
Children are naturally curious and likely to pick up strange objects they come across.
Children are naturally curious and they love animals.
Children are naturally curious and vivacious.
Children are naturally curious explorers.
Children are naturally curious, and guns are often too interesting to resist.
Children are naturally curious, and guns are too interesting to resist.
Children are naturally curious, and have a sense of wonder that often fades in later life.
Children are naturally curious, and that is good.
Children are naturally curious, and the ideas of math make great games to play.
Children are naturally curious, especially in the younger age range.
Children are naturally curious, especially when it comes to guns.
Children are naturally curious.
Children are naturally dependent upon their parents.
Children are naturally eager to learn.
Children are naturally egocentric.
Children are naturally energetic and curious.
Children are naturally feisty and even venomous at times.
Children are naturally full of energy.
Children are naturally good at recognizing number patterns.
Children are naturally inquisitive about animals.
Children are naturally inquisitive and are good observers, if encouraged and given the opportunity.
Children are naturally inquisitive.
Children are naturally interested in cords and plugs.
Children are naturally interested in other children.
Children are naturally joyful and excited about life.
Children are naturally lively, risky, and a little careless.
Children are naturally reluctant to eat new foods.
Children are naturally sensitive and aware.
Children are naturally without emotions or fears.
Children are naturals at it.
Children are naturals at prayer.
Children are naturals at singing and dancing.
Children are nearly always the most vulnerable and most lasting victims of conflict.
Children are nearly as wise as cats.
Children are neat.
Children are negotiable.
Children are neither bad or good.
Children are neither good or bad rather, they make either good or poor choices.
Children are neither homosexual or heterosexual, they are children.
Children are neither the property of their parents nor are they helpless objects of charity.
Children are neurologically normal with no evidence of focal seizure.
Children are never bored here.
Children are never friends or lovers or companions or confidants.
Children are never jealous of the love of parents and are always unstable during a parental fight.
Children are never replacements for a dead sibling.
Children are never responsible for their sexual abuse, adults are the ones responsible.
Children are never safe from family violence.
Children are never substitute adults or surrogate relatives.
Children are never to be considered a possessions of their parents.
Children are never to go anywhere alone.
Children are never to ride their bikes across the parking lot.
Children are never too old to be told that they are loved and highly valued.
Children are never too old to be told that they are loved.
Children are never too old to be told they are loved.
Children are never too old to start learning computer skills.
Children are never too young for the library.
Children are never too young or too old to learn how to swim.
Children are never too young to be brought into the kitchen.
Children are never too young to be told.
Children are never too young to begin the lessons of safety.
Children are never too young to come to church.
Children are never too young to have eye exams.
Children are never too young to hear poetry, or too young to write it.
Children are never too young to learn about safety.
Children are never too young to learn how good it can feel to help others.
Children are never with groups of children unless they are singing in a chorus.
Children are new learners.
Children are next in line.
Children are next on the ballot.
Children are nice and sweet but they're born scene-stealers.
Children are no different than adults when it comes to seeing food as a comforter.
Children are no different.
Children are no exception.
Children are no judge of chocolate pie.
Children are no less sensitive than adults and deserve the same kind of respect.
Children are no longer as active as they used to be.
Children are no longer content with just teddies or dolls or footballs.
Children are no longer simply passive victims of warfare.
Children are no longer their given name they are now the name on the piece of paper.
Children are no longer to be received for care.
Children are no longer tongue-tied and unable to put a new idea into words.
Children are no match for the adults.
Children are no more free from sin than adults are.
Children are no more or less delinquent in one situation than the other.
Children are no more perfect than adults.
Children are no more reliable about their own mental states than they are about others .
Children are no more sensitive to the effects of caffeine than adults.
Children are non-productive members of our imagined past societies.
Children are normally very efficient in metabolizing carbohydrates.
Children are notorious for blaming others for their mistakes.
Children are notorious for noticing everything, and are usually quite vocal about it.
Children are notorious for putting all sorts of things in their ears.
Children are notorious for their eccentric tastes in food.
Children are notoriously impatient.
Children are notoriously resistant to being scheduled.
Children are now a commodity to be bought and sold.
Children are now a specific target for the shift in official attitudes.
Children are now able to go to school, eat good food and enjoy a healthy and comfortable lifestyle.
Children are now able to hear the correct pronunciation of a phrase, a word, or even a syllable.
Children are now able to talk and to understand most of what is being said in their native language.
Children are now adults with families of their own.
Children are now capable of symbolic representation, can use a symbol to represent an object.
Children are now less likely to be admitted to hospital and are discharged earlier than in the past.
Children are now six and ten.
Children are observers of the scene and react to stimuli with behaviour.
Children are obviously conscious human beings.
Children are obviously different and interested in different things.
Children are of all classes and of all races, of all groups come here naturally.
Children are of great importance.
Children are of infinite value.
Children are of particular concern.
Children are off to a healthier start.
Children are offline in India.
Children are offsprings.
Children are often a great example to refresh the worship of the adults.
Children are often able to get around blocking systems and figure out passwords.
Children are often able to see better when told what to look for ahead of time.
Children are often adept at getting around filters.
Children are often afraid or ashamed to tell anyone that they have been bullied.
Children are often afraid or ashamed to tell anyone that they have been picked on.
Children are often afraid to tell anyone that they have been bullied.
Children are often an equal priority to a successful career and personal fulfilment.
Children are often angry with their parents for being so old-fashioned.
Children are often another possession.
Children are often anxious, confused, and isolated.
Children are often apt to blame themselves when a breakup occurs.
Children are often ashamed of their parent s illness and worry about becoming ill themselves.
Children are often at risk because parents and families are at risk.
Children are often at risk without our knowing it.
Children are often better than adults at developing rituals.
Children are often cautious when disclosing abuse.
Children are often confused about what has happened and about their feelings.
Children are often confused and anxious about their parents breaking up.
Children are often curious about asthma medicines.
Children are often curious about salaries, home buying, and savings.
Children are often curious about their peers in foreign lands.
Children are often eager to learn and willing to absorb new ideas.
Children are often extremely vulnerable.
Children are often fearful of an unfamiliar environment.
Children are often hard to understand.
Children are often idols, and in such cases their too ardent lovers are idolaters.
Children are often in latch-key programs, left home alone or with sitters.
Children are often inconvenient, prickly creatures.
Children are often interested in other cultures.
Children are often interested in public, historical, or literary figures.
Children are often just as sensitive about their looks as adults.
Children are often less demanding soldiers than adults.
Children are often less responsive to medication than adults.
Children are often lethargic and irritable.
Children are often mad at mom or dad simply because they said .
Children are often more able to accept body changes than adults.
Children are often more enthused with the parts that come off than the toy itself.
Children are often more heavily exposed to certain toxic substances in the environment than adults.
Children are often more heavily exposed to environmental toxicants than adults.
Children are often more likely to buy the most heavily advertised brands of cigarettes.
Children are often more savvy than their parents in terms of navigating the Web.
Children are often most susceptible because of their developing organs and higher metabolic rates.
Children are often out in the gardens and on the garden roads.
Children are often overanxious and acutely sensitive.
Children are often overlooked victims of abusive relationships.
Children are often present and many clubs dance in churches or schools.
Children are often present in settings where domestic violence occurs.
Children are often prone to pushing and shoving type activities with their neighborhood playmates.
Children are often quite vigilant in no- ticing how their parents react to different people.
Children are often realistic about their own work.
Children are often reluctant to share fears or worries.
Children are often remarkably resilient, even after having suffered isolated instances of abuse.
Children are often reticent about bringing up divorce-related issues or questions.
Children are often selective in what they relate to parents and can misinterpret situations.
Children are often sensitive to food temperature and texture.
Children are often the cementing force in troubled biological families.
Children are often the first ones to offer help and support to others in a crisis.
Children are often the first to pick up on the fact that something is wrong.
Children are often the first victims in such conditions.
Children are often the forgotten grievers in a family.
Children are often the forgotten grievers within the family.
Children are often the forgotten participants of family disruption and conflict between parents.
Children are often the greatest blessing in a life, and also the greatest challenge.
Children are often the innocent victims of fire because they become scared and confused.
Children are often the innocent victims of such decisions.
Children are often the intended targets and are even forced into combat themselves.
Children are often the key decision-makers concerning where a family goes to eat.
Children are often the most at risk from environmental health hazards.
Children are often the most common victims of dog bites.
Children are often the primary motivators in bringing parents to church.
Children are often the silent victims of denied medical care.
Children are often the silent victims of domestic violence.
Children are often the unseen victims of domestic abuse.
Children are often the victims of their own curiosity and love of play.
Children are often the victims of their parents' inability or unwillingness to deal with addictions.
Children are often the victims.
Children are often times forced to do hard manual labor.
Children are often too afraid or too confused to report their experiences and their fears.
Children are often too trusting about what they find on the Internet.
Children are often too young to understand their reactions.
Children are often unable to express how they are feeling in words.
Children are often unaware that different types of programs exist.
Children are often unprepared to face or understand the results of such tests.
Children are often upset with any changes in living pattern.
Children are often very high-level empaths.
Children are often victims of rabies.
Children are often victims of threats besides force.
Children are often welcome, but please check with the leader prior to the trip.
Children are OK in the cabin.
Children are ok.
Children are on vacation.
Children are one of our most important audiences.
Children are one of the highest risk groups for death or injury in residential fires.
Children are one of the major focuses of our ministry.
Children are one of the most vulnerable groups in society and, at the same time, the most important.
Children are one of their key beneficiaries.
Children are one third of our population and all of our future.
Children are only a small percentage of our new dancers.
Children are only blank slates when they are in the womb developing.
Children are only children for a moment, and then they are off onto their own adventures.
Children are only children once.
Children are only children.
Children are only eligible for coverage if an employee or spouse has been issued coverage.
Children are only young for such a short time.
Children are open and ready to try new challenges because risks seem like no big deal.
Children are open, trusting, and honest.
Children are our biggest asset and the key to our future.
Children are our business.
Children are our canaries in the coal mines.
Children are our community treasure.
Children are our community's most valuable asset.
Children are our country s most precious resource.
Children are our country's future and have to be provided with quality education.
Children are our country's greatest resource.
Children are our first and foremost consideration.
Children are our first priority.
Children are our future and a good education is key to securing a child's future.
Children are our future and hold the future of our planet.
Children are our future and the future leaders of our country.
Children are our future members.
Children are our future politicians, doctors, attorneys, blue collar laborers, so on.
Children are our future, and they hold the key to our pets' future, also.
Children are our future, both on and off the roads.
Children are our future, but they are also our present.
Children are our future, period.
Children are our future, regardless of differences in race, culture, and religion.
Children are our future.
Children are our Future.
Children are Our Future.
Children are our gifts and mean everything.
Children are our greatest asset.
Children are our greatest assets of the future.
Children are our greatest assets.
Children are our greatest gift.
Children are our greatest hope and our most profound responsibility.
Children are our greatest resource - and our most accurate record.
Children are our greatest resource and our best hope for the future, so let's get cracking.
Children are our greatest resource.
Children are our greatest resources and our tomorrows.
Children are our highest priority and they are welcome at all services.
Children are our highest priority.
Children are our hope for the future and our beacons of tomorrow.
Children are our hope.
Children are our investment in the future.
Children are our joy.
Children are our legacy and it is a tragedy to see so many lose their lives.
Children are our little angels of love.
Children are our ministry.
Children are our mirror.
Children are our most enduring and vulnerable legacy.
Children are our most important community resource, they literally hold our future in their hands.
Children are our most important link to the future.
Children are our most important resource.
Children are our most important resources.
Children are our most precious and fragile resource, they are our future.
Children are our most precious assets .
Children are our most precious assets.
Children are our most precious gift and the most important thing in any parent's life.
Children are our most precious gifts.
Children are our most precious natural resource.
Children are our most precious possessions.
Children are our most precious resource.
Children are our most precious treasure.
Children are our most precious treasures.
Children are our most treasured possessions.
Children are our most treasured resource.
Children are our most valuable assets, linking the past with the future.
Children are our most valuable natural resource.
Children are our most valuable resource and education is the most important function of our society.
Children are our most valuable resource.
Children are our most valued assets.
Children are our nation's future.
Children are our nation's most precious resource and our most profound responsibility.
Children are our nation's most precious resource.
Children are our nation's most valuable resource, and our future.
Children are our number one priority.
Children are our only hope for a future without built in prejudices.
Children are our passion, our commitment, our future.
Children are our past, present, and future.
Children are our present and future church.
Children are our priority here.
Children are our priority.
Children are our purpose and priority.
Children Are Our Specialty.
Children are our teachers.
Children are our tiny little miracles.
Children are out in the neighborhood more than adults, so they can be very helpful.
Children are out of school and families can more readily plan vacation time.
Children are out of school and lots of visitors coming through.
Children are out of school for the sum mer.
Children are out of school.
Children are out playing with their scooters, bicycles and roller skates.
Children are over-represented among the poor.
Children are overweight for a variety of reasons.
Children are parasites of their parents.
Children are part of deciding how to make amends when someone are something has been hurt.
Children are part of families.
Children are part of families.
Children are part of our community, and are welcome at the event.
Children are part of the body, and if one part suffers, the whole body suffers.
Children are part of the family, too.
Children are participants at every level of the church's life.
Children are particularly at risk and between children the infection can be highly contagious.
Children are particularly at risk because of their innate inquisitiveness and love of play.
Children are particularly at risk because they absorb lead more easily than adults do.
Children are particularly at risk for death and injury as occupants in motor vehicle crashes.
Children are particularly at risk for getting too much sun and ultraviolet exposure.
Children are particularly at risk for the effects of passive smoke.
Children are particularly at risk from contaminated food.
Children are particularly at risk from death and injury as occupants in motor vehicles.
Children are particularly at risk from death and injury as passengers in motor vehicles.
Children are particularly at risk from eating peeling lead paint.
Children are particularly at risk from lead.
Children are particularly at risk from the effects of passive smoke.
Children are particularly at risk from the effects of toxic chemicals.
Children are particularly at risk if they play in contaminated soil.
Children are particularly at risk of liver damage and gastro-intestinal effects from use over time.
Children are particularly at risk.
Children are particularly at-risk for walking or biking injuries.
Children are particularly effective in enticing adults to try new things.
Children are particularly fond of legends which explain how animals came to be the way they are.
Children are particularly good sources of information.
Children are particularly hungry and vulnerable.
Children are particularly open and ready to receive the message that all life is sacred.
Children are particularly prone to injury when participating in contact sports.
Children are particularly quick to detect inconsistencies and to despise hypocrisy.
Children are particularly quick to detect inconsistencies, and despise hypocrisy.
Children are particularly sensitive and vulnerable.
Children are particularly sensitive to lead contamination since their bodies are developing.
Children are particularly sensitive to mercury toxicity.
Children are particularly sensitive to pesticides because their minds and bodies are still evolving.
Children are particularly sensitive to second-hand smoke.
Children are particularly sensitive to the harmful effects of environmental tobacco smoke.
Children are particularly sensitive to the neurotoxic effects of lead.
Children are particularly susceptible to bacterial infection.
Children are particularly susceptible to damage from lead.
Children are particularly susceptible to lead's toxic effects.
Children are particularly susceptible to meth, because it is cheaper than cocaine.
Children are particularly susceptible to models, which is why TV violence is of such concern.
Children are particularly susceptible to radiation.
Children are particularly susceptible to radioactive iodine, which is taken up by the thyroid.
Children are particularly susceptible to ringworm and can pass it on easily to other children.
Children are particularly susceptible to the effects of heat.
Children are particularly susceptible to the effects of pesticides on their immune systems.
Children are particularly susceptible to the hazards associated with pesticide use.
Children are particularly susceptible to the impact of hot dry air during the cold winter season.
Children are particularly susceptible to the side effects of belladonna alkaloids.
Children are particularly susceptible to the toxic effects of lead.
Children are particularly susceptible, but most outgrow the disease by the age of two.
Children are particularly susceptible.
Children are particularly vulnerable because they are closer to the blast.
Children are particularly vulnerable to abuse when they flee armed conflicts and persecution.
Children are particularly vulnerable to cold.
Children are particularly vulnerable to commercial pressures on the Internet.
Children are particularly vulnerable to emotional stress after a disaster.
Children are particularly vulnerable to environmental risks and contaminants.
Children are particularly vulnerable to excessive noise, which can permanently damage hearing.
Children are particularly vulnerable to exploitation and abuse.
Children are particularly vulnerable to health damage from some agrochemicals.
Children are particularly vulnerable to health effects from dioxin.
Children are particularly vulnerable to home fires.
Children are particularly vulnerable to indoctrination.
Children are particularly vulnerable to land-mines in a number of ways.
Children are particularly vulnerable to lead poisoning, which damages the brain and nervous system.
Children are particularly vulnerable to lead poisoning.
Children are particularly vulnerable to lead.
Children are particularly vulnerable to neurological and development effects from PCB exposure.
Children are particularly vulnerable to radiation.
Children are particularly vulnerable to recruitment.
Children are particularly vulnerable to soul loss at the hands of adults.
Children are particularly vulnerable to stress and the loss of self-esteem.
Children are particularly vulnerable to the dehydrating effects of gastroenteritis.
Children are particularly vulnerable to the effects of air pollution.
Children are particularly vulnerable to the effects of fluid imbalance.
Children are particularly vulnerable to the effects of lead contamination.
Children are particularly vulnerable to the effects of radiation, especially infants.
Children are particularly vulnerable to the effects of toxic chemicals including pesticides.
Children are particularly vulnerable to the harmful effects of pesticides.
Children are particularly vulnerable to the health effects of household toxics.
Children are particularly vulnerable to the virus.
Children are particularly vulnerable to thinking that anything that goes wrong is their fault.
Children are particularly vulnerable to tsunamis, which often select the most vulnerable as victims.
Children are particularly vulnerable up the age of six.
Children are particularly vulnerable when it comes to giving out personal information.
Children are particularly vulnerable.
Children are particularly welcome.
Children are particulary sensitive, and can easily pick up on their parents feelings.
Children are parties in the covenant of grace.
Children are passengers too.
Children are passive recipients of services.
Children are people too.
Children are people with feelings too.
Children are people without a past.
Children are people, they grow into tomorrow only as they live today.
Children are people, too.
Children are people.
Children are People.
Children are people.
Children are perceptive beings.
Children are perceptive.
Children are perfect mimics and are very comfortable with sounds they've never heard before.
Children are perfect.
Children are perfectly capable of taking responsibility for their own actions.
Children are permitted on the gentle stretches, additionally all can have fun on the river beach.
Children are personally and socially competent.
Children are persons too.
Children are persons, intimately bound up with but nevertheless distinct from their parents.
Children are persons.
Children are philosophers, if given the chance.
Children are physical in their grief.
Children are physically active .
Children are physically and emotionally dependent on the adults who are charged with their care.
Children are physically closer to the height of a dog.
Children are physically different from adults.
Children are physically disproportional, their head is much larger than the rest of their body.
Children are physically weaker and are easily injured.
Children are physically, psychologically, and physiologically different from adults.
Children are physiologically different from adults and face different health risks.
Children are physiologically different from adults.
Children are pieces of white fabric.
Children are place in foster care for a variety of reasons.
Children are playful and active.
Children are playing on the street, their school is right next door.
Children are playthings.
Children are pleased as they are given some pocket money in addition to candies.
Children are pleased to have their parents or grandparents visit on such occasions.
Children are poor because a growing number of Canadian adults are poor.
Children are poor because their families are poor.
Children are poor because their mothers are poor.
Children are poor because their parents are poor.
Children are poor because their parents have no money.
Children are poor.
Children are possible and chance of inheritance varies with family history.
Children are potentially at risk of vitamin and mineral deficiency.
Children are powerless and special interest lobbies powerful.
Children are powerless to protect themselves from abusive fathers and mothers.
Children are precious and deserve the best care.
Children are precious, and of course their well-being needs to be looked after.
Children are precious.
Children are prepared for successful entry into neighborhood kindergarten.
Children are prepared for the operating room and go home the same day as the surgery.
Children are prepared to enter compulsory school and their morals and manners are cultivated.
Children are prepared to take their place in, and create, a caring and forward-looking society.
Children are prepared to thrive socially and academically in elementary school.
Children are preschool age.
Children are pre-school through elementary school level.
Children are present focused.
Children are present for the first part of the service.
Children are present in worship as part of their own faith journey.
Children are present.
Children are pretty elastic.
Children are priceless treasures.
Children are primarily aerobic and respond to exercise stress in a non-differentiated manner.
Children are primarily an emotional base.
Children are primarily from the south.
Children are prime targets of lessons in hate.
Children are prime victims.
Children are prize catches.
Children are probably the best teachers of play.
Children are probably the principal audience for dinosaur images.
Children are prodigies.
Children are produced by women.
Children are products.
Children are profoundly content in a natural setting if they can act, make discoveries, explore.
Children are prone to swallowing bath water.
Children are protagonists of their own experience and life.
Children are proud of themselves when they can master their own feelings and enjoy school.
Children are proud to see their parents employed at their school .
Children are public goods.
Children are put in peril, pedestrians are annoyed and imperiled, and traffic is disturbed.
Children are quick learners and are able to grasp things quicker than adults.
Children are quick to detect affectation or any other weakness or defect.
Children are quick to discover common ground in their interaction with peers.
Children are quick to hate what's different, unusual.
Children are quick to learn what their parents' real focus within the family structure.
Children are quick to pick up adults attitudes on fat.
Children are quick to react to any events taking place in the family be they joyous or sad.
Children are quick to recognize certain teacher behaviors as motivated by the desire to control.
Children are quick to see through pretentious adult behavior.
Children are quick to spot unfairness in any arena and even quicker to point it out.
Children are quite apt learners when they really want to know something.
Children are quite flexible at young ages.
Children are quite indifferent to such a statement, and it merely irritates most older people.
Children are quite observant and enjoy showing their parents the way.
Children are quite observant.
Children are quite often the aim of such advertising.
Children are quite susceptible.
Children are quite upset by seeing their parents fight.
Children are quite welcome to stay with their family for the whole service if they prefer.
Children are raised by the extended family and community.
Children are rational creatures.
Children are readily available from a variety of countries with a variety of disabilities .
Children are ready for school.
Children are ready for the real thing.
Children are ready for varying degrees of exposure at different ages and maturity levels.
Children are ready to learn about sex at different ages.
Children are ready to use the toilet at different ages.
Children are real people.
Children are really a true miracle of life and to be part of giving a child life is a special gift.
Children are really happy.
Children are really interested in dinosaurs.
Children are reflections of their parents.
Children are regular participants in worship.
Children are regularly immunized.
Children are relatively inexpensive to cover.
Children are relaxed and enjoy learning while reading interesting stories.
Children are remarkable beings.
Children are remarkable perceptive.
Children are remarkably able to adjust their levels of activity to their individual capability.
Children are remarkably adaptable.
Children are remarkably astute at figuring out what grownups want to hear, especially their parents.
Children are remarkably impervious to obvious models for imitation or even direct correction.
Children are remarkably intuitive about fair treatment.
Children are remarkably perceptive.
Children are remarkably resilient.
Children are remarkably sensitive to animal cruelty.
Children are repetitive in their grief.
Children are residents of Virginia.
Children are resilient .
Children are resilient.
Children are resourceful.
Children are responders.
Children are responsibilities.
Children are responsible for at least two thirds of the world's economy.
Children are responsible for attending their own lessons.
Children are responsible for bringing their own lunch.
Children are responsible for bringing their own snack.
Children are responsible for cleaning and taking care of their own bedroom and bathroom spaces.
Children are responsible for collecting food, such as clams or sea cucumbers, from the sea floor.
Children are responsible for copying homework assignments daily.
Children are responsible for gathering their own equipment.
Children are responsible for how much and even whether they eat.
Children are responsible for how much or even whether they eat.
Children are responsible for missed school work while away on trips.
Children are responsible for returning books in good condition.
Children are responsible for taking care of the home, their clothing, and themselves.
Children are responsible for the security of their own bicycles.
Children are responsible for their character .
Children are responsible for their own learning by watching and absorbing what they see.
Children are responsible for their own luggage, money and personal articles.
Children are responsible for their own money.
Children are responsible for their parents' mistakes.
Children are responsible for what and how much they eat.
Children are responsible to obey their parents.
Children are responsible to their parents.
Children are responsive patients - vital, truthful and joyful.
Children are restless and depressed.
Children are restless and irritable, and delirious with a high fever.
Children are restless and irritable.
Children are restless, daydreaming and driving their parents to distraction.
Children are role-playing with trucks, dolls, and stuffed animals.
Children are routinely strip-searched, homes invaded without legal warrant.
Children are sacred.
Children are sacrificial test animals.
Children are safe and are being cared for by loving, warm people.
Children are safe and being heard and they discover the other kids are learning here.
Children are safe and carefree.
Children are safe and healthy.
Children are safe and well fed.
Children are safe from abduction or attack.
Children are safe from harassment or crime, since they ride only with their peers.
Children are safe from maltreatment.
Children are safe if they ride in their own neighborhood.
Children are safe subjects for movies governed by restrictive Islamic oversight.
Children are safe, healthy, ready to learn and reach their full potential.
Children are safer at school than in a bus or car.
Children are safer deep within a school than in a bus or car.
Children are safer going to and from school or playing in a neighborhood park.
Children are safer in a back seat of vehicles, with or without an airbag.
Children are safer in school than traveling on the roadways during severe weather.
Children are safer in schools than in the community or at home.
Children are safer sitting in front of a computer than they are in public.
Children are safer when properly secured in a rear seat.
Children are safer, with more foster families and adoption for the abused or neglected.
Children are safest in light colored outfits clearly visible to motorists.
Children are safest in light-colored outfits clearly visible to motorists.
Children are safest in the back seat .
Children are safest in the back seat.
Children are safest when properly restrained in the back seat.
Children are savvy on the Net.
Children are scared, and close their eyes, at the vision of some mighty warrior or glorious king.
Children are second class spiritually.
Children are seductive.
Children are self-centered when they are young.
Children are selfish.
Children are self-oriented.
Children are sensitive to any serious situation or crisis in the family.
Children are sensitive to atmosphere and are bound, however young, to sense that something is wrong.
Children are sensitive to small amounts of lead.
Children are sensitive to strong flavors.
Children are sensitive to the rhythm and power of language.
Children are sensitive to their parents' emotions and thoughts, even if they are unspoken.
Children are sensitive.
Children are sensory bound, meaning they learn through their five senses.
Children are sensual creatures who respond to being cuddled and kissed.
Children are sent to juvenile clinics because of undesirable habits.
Children are sexual even before birth.
Children are sick.
Children are significantly more susceptible to the toxic effects of lindane.
Children are silent but respond to directions from caretakers and other children.
Children are simple.
Children are simply additional content module descriptions.
Children are simply magical at directing their own dramatic moments.
Children are simultaneously a tough and sensitive, perceptive audience.
Children are sinners as much as anyone.
Children are sinners by nature and environment.
Children are six times more likely to commit suicide.
Children are slaughtered day after day, And thousands year after year.
Children are slaves to their parents, guardians and teachers.
Children are slow in learning to walk.
Children are small and can be unpredictable.
Children are small and full of wonder, innocence and joy for such a short time.
Children are small and insignificant.
Children are small animals.
Children are small human beings.
Children are small people with unique personalities.
Children are small people, they are closer to dog size.
Children are smaller and more vulnerable.
Children are smaller and receive higher doses of chemical exposure per body weight.
Children are smaller, and breathe faster than adults.
Children are smaller, resulting in higher doses of chemical exposure per body weight.
Children are smart little critters.
Children are smart.
Children are smarter than adults.
Children are smarter than some people think.
Children are smarter than the adults.
Children are snobs among themselves.
Children are so amazing.
Children are so beautiful.
Children are so computer literate.
Children are so eager to learn as much as they can from the images and stories.
Children are so easy to create, but they are a huge responsibility.
Children are so easy to exploit.
Children are so easy to scapegoat.
Children are so easy.
Children are so frivolous.
Children are so full of contradictions.
Children are so full of joy, hopes, and dreams.
Children are so funny, They say the smartest things.
Children are so honest.
Children are so important.
Children are so impressionable.
Children are so incredible.
Children are so individual it is impossible to make a placement decision based on a diagnosis.
Children are so innocent, Their charm comes shining through.
Children are so innocent.
Children are so much more fun than adults.
Children are so much more innocent and much less judgmental than adults.
Children are so much more spontaneous and intuitive.
Children are so much work and worry.
Children are so open-minded and have an insatiable desire to learn and to be taught.
Children are so pleased to see their parents at the school helping.
Children are so positively impulsive.
Children are so precious, all they want is to be loved.
Children are so precious, so innocent.
Children are so precious.
Children are so prone to accidents.
Children are so receptive and eager, and their enthusiasm for learning is contagious.
Children are so receptive.
Children are so relaxed.
Children are so resilient.
Children are so smart today.
Children are so smart.
Children are so uninhibited.
Children are so very friendly here.
Children are so very honest and at the same time very hurtful.
Children are so very important.
Children are so wonderful and exciting.
Children are social learners.
Children are society s most valuable resource.
Children are society's most important resource.
Children are sold into the global sex trade every year.
Children are some of the few people in the world that truly know the meaning of innocence.
Children are some of the most tragic victims of the conflict.
Children are some of the most vulnerable users of our streets.
Children are sometimes afraid of growing older.
Children are sometimes alone.
Children are sometimes cruel and more human than adults.
Children are sometimes in a 'bad mood' upon returning from school, loaded with homework.
Children are sometimes inclined to forget.
Children are sometimes like hurt little animal.
Children are sometimes too young, too sick or too afraid to say how much pain they have.
Children are sometimes unkind to each other, intentionally and unintentionally.
Children are sophisticated enough to pay attention when what they are watching is meaningful.
Children are soul-carriers.
Children are sources of emotional sustenance.
Children are special and unique each in their own way.
Children are special, they are the future leaders of tomorrow.
Children are special.
Children are spectacularly resilient, recovering quickly from basic bruises and bonks.
Children are sponges ready to absorb all that they can.
Children are sponges, they soak up everything they can when it comes to learning.
Children are sponges.
Children are spontaneous, acting at once on what they understand.
Children are sporadic exercisers who alternate between vigorous activity and rest.
Children are startlingly direct in engaging signs.
Children are statistically the most frequent landmine victims in any area of crisis.
Children are status symbols.
Children are still able to bounce off the trampoline when it is installed in a pit.
Children are still children, and education is still about the nurture and growth of understanding.
Children are still children.
Children are still developing, they do have at least one legal guardian.
Children are still economic assets in many parts of the world.
Children are still in the growing stage.
Children are still poor.
Children are still scared of giants and monsters.
Children are strong and capable and bring their own unique skills, abilities and creativity.
Children are strong and fragile at once.
Children are strong, they can handle it, and they are wonderful advocates for human rights.
Children are strong.
Children are subject peoples.
Children are subject to approval by the pilot before departure.
Children are subject to being searched as stated above.
Children are subject to danger.
Children are subject to fewer communicable diseases.
Children are subject to numerous problems in their lives.
Children are subject to the activities of pedophiles as they access chat rooms.
Children are subject to the power of parents and the state, especially through compulsory schooling.
Children are submissive and full of inquisitive questions.
Children are such amazing creatures.
Children are such amazing people.
Children are such an important part of our lives.
Children are such an inspiration.
Children are such curious creatures.
Children are such intuitive little beings.
Children are such keen observers.
Children are such little heroes and their parents are extraordinary people.
Children are such wise human beings.
Children are sufficiently different from adults.
Children are supervised, but activities are self-directed.
Children are sure to enjoy themselves with Cayman's newest sport.
Children are sure to love riding the train around the facility.
Children are susceptible to all eye diseases that occur in adults and additional disease entities.
Children are susceptible to all the side effects listed above.
Children are susceptible to exploitation because they have no independent legal rights.
Children are susceptible to malnutrition for differing reasons.
Children are susceptible to propaganda.
Children are susceptible to the words spoken by their parents.
Children are symbols of a new generation, representing the future of a society.
Children are symbols of our future.
Children are taller and fatter than they used to be.
Children are tame and bright, always playing vividly in the school ground.
Children are taught by example.
Children are taught early to contribute to the household economy and learn adult responsibilities.
Children are taught early to respect their elders and to formally greet visitors to their home.
Children are taught evolution, same sex marriages are Ok and that there is no absolute truth.
Children are taught to respect everyone, especially their elders.
Children are taught what is good behaviour and what is bad behaviour .
Children are taught what is good behaviour and what is bad behaviour.
Children are taxpayers in their own right for any income they earn and for their investment income.
Children are teens and college age.
Children are tender.
Children are that different right from the start.
Children are the anchors that hold a mother to life.
Children are the artists, the politicians, the engineers, the doctors, the scientists of tomorrow.
Children are the assets of the nation.
Children are the assurance for the parents.
Children are the basis of a civilized society.
Children are the bearers of our common future - a future that is in our hands as never before.
Children are the bearers of our common future a future that is in our hands as never before.
Children are the bearers of our common future.
Children are the best mirrors.
Children are the best, most delightful admission of mortality there is.
Children are the big losers.
Children are the boldest philosophers.
Children are the center of our curriculum.
Children are the center of our development.
Children are the center of our future.
Children are the center of our hope.
Children are the center of our lives.
Children are the cheapest population to insure.
Children are the chief consumers of apple juice.
Children are the church of tomorrow.
Children are the cloth of the world.
Children are the conscience of a community.
Children are the conscience of our community.
Children are the demographic group that the smart developers are attempting to reach.
Children are the Earth s most precious gifts.
Children are the embodiment of innocence and hope for the future.
Children are the enemy.
Children are the expression of a couple's love.
Children are the fastest growing element of criminal activities.
Children are the fastest growing population in the state's emergency shelters.
Children are the fastest growing poverty group in America.
Children are the fastest growing poverty sector.
Children are the fastest growing sector of the consumer market.
Children are the fastest growing segment of vegetarians.
Children are the first ones to experience the devastating effects of food shortages.
Children are the first to feel it, and the first to die from it.
Children are the first to know a parent is sick.
Children are the first to show forgiveness and understanding when something goes wrong for a mom.
Children are the first victims of leaded gas.
Children are the first victims of the conflict in Kosovo.
Children are the focus of the district's educational processes and decisions.
Children are the forgotten piece in welfare reform.
Children are the foundation of our future.
Children are the fruit and bond of a marriage.
Children are the fruit of their parents.
Children are the future .
Children are the future citizens of the country.
Children are the future custodians of the environment.
Children are the future for the society as a whole.
Children are the future in all cultures.
Children are the future leaders of our world.
Children are the future of a nation.
Children are the future of America.
Children are the future of any nation.
Children are the future of both society and of business.
Children are the future of environmental protection.
Children are the future of hate groups.
Children are the future of humanity.
Children are the future of missions.
Children are the future of our country.
Children are the future of our species.
Children are the future of our state and nation.
Children are the future of our world.
Children are the future of society, our most important global resource.
Children are the future of society.
Children are the future of Texas.
Children are the future of the community and deserve all of the support possible.
Children are the future of the entire world.
Children are the future of the tribe.
Children are the future of tomorrow.
Children are the future protectors of today's adults.
Children are the future sales, future profits.
Children are the future, after all.
Children are the future, and public-school teachers are the true believers in that future.
Children are the future.
Children are the goal of a long-term relationship.
Children are the great innovators, explorers and learners.
Children are the great unknown.
Children are the greatest blessing on earth.
Children are the greatest excuse for the worst kind of government excesses.
Children are the greatest gift that anyone person can receive.
Children are the greatest of democrats.
Children are the happiest of all looking for their gifts and coloured eggs in the newly grown grass.
Children are the hardest hit, and sometimes children are overlooked.
Children are the heart of our future.
Children are the heart of what our school is all about.
Children are the heartblood and future of any country.
Children are the hope and future of the tobacco industry.
Children are the hope for the future of Kosovo.
Children are the innocent victims of adults' irresponsible and illegal driving practices.
Children are the innocent victims of bilateral, multilateral, civil, guerrilla and ethnic warfare.
Children are the innocent victims of poverty.
Children are the innocent victims of such litigation and the grief that it inflicts.
Children are the innocent victims of their elders.
Children are the jewels of our eyes.
Children are the joy of life and bright point in every day.
Children are the juice industry's best friend.
Children are the key participants while adults look on with curiosity.
Children are the key to America's future and computers are the tools of their times.
Children are the key to holding society together.
Children are the key to our future.
Children are the key to our species evolution.
Children are the key to the future and continuity of any social, religious or ethnic group.
Children are the key to the future of our world.
Children are the key to the future.
Children are the kokoro of communities.
Children are the largest group affected by food allergies.
Children are the largest group of participants injured in in-line skating.
Children are the largest minority that is phyically and emotionally abused today.
Children are the largest segment of the state's hungry population.
Children are the leaders of tomorrow.
Children are the least evangelized people group in the world.
Children are the least expensive segment of our population to insure.
Children are the least likely age group to visit an eye care professional.
Children are the least likely to wash their hands after handling or playing with the birds.
Children are the least organized in the labor sector, and are most prone to exploitation.
Children are the life-givers, the healers, the messengers of the ancestors.
Children are the light the inspire hope into the world.
Children are the luxury of marital life, the treasure of the parents, the wealth of the family life.
Children are the main actors in the project, in collaboration with professional comedians.
Children are the main beneficiaries.
Children are the main casualties when families and communities are left behind.
Children are the main casualty of such broken homes.
Children are the main focus of the education.
Children are the main focus of the event.
Children are the main prey to tobacco smoking.
Children are the main recipients of welfare.
Children are the main victims of divorce.
Children are the main victims.
Children are the most at risk group to become a fire casualty.
Children are the most at risk to environmental toxins.
Children are the most beautiful things in life.
Children are the most common form of sexually transmitted disease.
Children are the most common lucid dreamers.
Children are the most common victims of dog bites.
Children are the most common victims of household poisonings.
Children are the most common victims.
Children are the most complicated kind of possession.
Children are the most difficult audience a writer can have.
Children are the most efficient cluster of society in absorbing changes.
Children are the most expensive form of entertainment.
Children are the most frequent age group with reported pertussis.
Children are the most frequent victims.
Children are the most important beneficiaries of the family-school partnership.
Children are the most important people in our world.
Children are the most important people in the school.
Children are the most important people in the world today.
Children are the most influential element regarding cultural bigotry.
Children are the most innocent.
Children are the most inquisitive beasts on the planet.
Children are the most learning-hungry beings in the world.
Children are the most likely individuals to develop warts.
Children are the most likely to get salmonellosis.
Children are the most likely victims of careless drivers.
Children are the most likely victims of fireworks injuries.
Children are the most nutritionally vulnerable group.
Children are the most precious gift to mankind.
Children are the most readily educated and the most enthusiastic about the forests' inhabitants.
Children are the most susceptible as their brains develop.
Children are the most susceptible to, and the innocent victims of, secondhand smoke.
Children are the most underserved population in America.
Children are the most valuable resource in America.
Children are the most vulnerable audience targeted by alcohol and cigarette marketers.
Children are the most vulnerable citizens of our society.
Children are the most vulnerable group.
Children are the most vulnerable members of any community.
Children are the most vulnerable members of our society.
Children are the most vulnerable population.
Children are the most vulnerable to being poisoned by eating poisonous plants.
Children are the most vulnerable to health hazards and subsequently are also affected the most.
Children are the most vulnerable to pollutants.
Children are the most vulnerable to poverty.
Children are the most vulnerable to such toxic chemicals.
Children are the next generation of scientists.
Children are the nucleus of sustainable human development, there is no doubt about that.
Children are the obvious victims of marital difficulty.
Children are the obvious winners.
Children are the ones spending four years at an institution, doing the work, and making the grades.
Children are the ones usually attacked.
Children are the ones who loose the most.
Children are the ones who really enjoy the festivity.
Children are the only Canadian citizens who can be legally hit.
Children are the only future the human race has.
Children are the only hope of the church's future.
Children are the only true innocents.
Children are the parents responsibility.
Children are the poorest group of people in the United States.
Children are the predominant sources of support in all three groups.
Children are the present, as well as the future, of the church.
Children are the pride of Africa.
Children are the primary consumers of child care services, but they have the least power.
Children are the primary pedestrians on residential streets.
Children are the primary spreaders of the influenza virus.
Children are the prime target of major cigarette companies.
Children are the prize to the winners of the second great Civil War.
Children are the prize to the winners.
Children are the product of their parents.
Children are the prominent victims of landmine explosions.
Children are the property of the fathers family.
Children are the property of the parents in today's society.
Children are the purest reflection of life in human form.
Children are the purpose of schools.
Children are the readers.
Children are the reason for our program's existence.
Children are the reporters, the announcers and the technicians.
Children are the reservoirs of the virus, which is transmitted by the respiratory droplets.
Children are the responsibility and joy of their parents.
Children are the responsibility of their parents.
Children are the result of combinations of the genes which each parent offers to the union.
Children are the roots of the family tree.
Children are the same way.
Children are the same.
Children are the seed of the new Colombia.
Children are the seed of the next culture, and so the raising of children is a central theme.
Children are the seeds of our future.
Children are the seeds of the new Colombia.
Children are the silent victims of domestic abuse.
Children are the silent victims of domestic violence socially, psychologically, and physically.
Children are the silent witnesses to the problems of high levels of housing mobility.
Children are the size of lawn gnomes.
Children are the smallest victims of sexual addiction.
Children are the source of hope, joy and inspiration.
Children are the source of tomorrow.
Children are the spirits' number one target.
Children are the starting point for a strategy about the future of schooling.
Children are the sum total of what they are rewarded for.
Children are the targets of horrifying violence.
Children are the technologically-literate consumers of our age.
Children are the threads from which the tapestry of life is woven.
Children are the ultimate knowledge workers.
Children are the ultimate shopping experience.
Children are the ultimate victims in the divorce wars.
Children are the vested interest.
Children are the victims here.
Children are the victims of the majority of farm pond drownings.
Children are the victims, bearing the brunt of inhumane policies of our country.
Children are the victims.
Children are the workforce of our future.
Children are the world's most valuable assets.
Children are the worm of guilt in the apple of complacency.
Children are the worst affected.
Children are the worst hit by the plague of poverty that is sweeping the world today.
Children are the worst.
Children are their insurance policy.
Children are their own best experts.
Children are their own masters and they love to flout norms.
Children are their parent s responsibility.
Children are their parents' responsibility.
Children are themselves shepherds or help their parents look after the herds.
Children are then unable to insert their fingers into the space.
Children are therefore more susceptible to overuse injuries.
Children are thinkers.
Children are three and under.
Children are thrilled to know they helped write a piece of family history.
Children are throw-away.
Children are thus able to learn at a young age the power of thoughtful Internet collaboration.
Children are tiny at five.
Children are to attend all meetings, and have to sit with the adults.
Children are to avoid climbing trees.
Children are to be accompanied by an adult at ALL times.
Children are to be baptized.
Children are to be beaten into submission.
Children are to be consulted about their needs.
Children are to be distinctly respected as individuals which differ from one another.
Children are to be dressed for the weather each week.
Children are to be in subjection to parents.
Children are to be in subjection to their parents.
Children are to be in submission to parents.
Children are to be invited to share the leadership of that service in variety of ways.
Children are to be kept under supervision and control during the visit.
Children are to be mothered.
Children are to be nurtured within a stable marriage between a man and a woman.
Children are to be nurtured, protected and loved.
Children are to be obedient to their parents.
Children are to be picked up at the office only.
Children are to be picked up at the office.
Children are to be properly supervised at all times.
Children are to be registered at the school serving their attendance zone.
Children are to be respected and trained by love, discipline, and example.
Children are to be seated with the parents.
Children are to be spared.
Children are to be subjected to their parents.
Children are to be supervised and remain in the waiting area.
Children are to be supervised at all times when accessing the Internet.
Children are to be taken on a walk around the outdoor area of the church.
Children are to be taught to be respectful to their parents and to one another.
Children are to be treated with love, concern, patience and understanding.
Children are to be tried as adults.
Children are to bring their own soccer ball, sneakers, and shin guards.
Children are to complete the last three spaces of the pattern on their own.
Children are to complete the outline using a copy of the book.
Children are to cooperate together in a workshop in any given country.
Children are to do what parents say.
Children are to enter the building through assigned doors when the bell rings to begin school.
Children are to explore and study it.
Children are to give back a return to their parents, which includes a financial obligation.
Children are to go home after school.
Children are to have plastic sheets on their YWAM mattresses, as needed.
Children are to honor and obey their parents and others in authority.
Children are to honor and obey their parents.
Children are to honor parents.
Children are to honor their parents because it is right.
Children are to learn to love and respect their parents.
Children are to leave their disfellowshipped parents, even if it means financial hardship.
Children are to leave their father and mother and cleave to one another and become one flesh.
Children are to listen to other students on the playground.
Children are to listen to playground supervisors.
Children are to look for pictures of each season.
Children are to obey and honor their parents.
Children are to obey.
Children are to respect and obey their parents.
Children are to ride their assigned buses only.
Children are to sit quietly with their own families at meetings and other special events.
Children are to slide only on their pockets, facing forward.
Children are to stay by themselves but parents are encouraged to stay in the library.
Children are to stay in the assigned section of the school yard at all times.
Children are to stay with their groups all day.
Children are to submit to parents.
Children are to submit to their parents.
Children are to trace or draw the object, then color and embellish it if they wish.
Children are to use quiet voices on the bus.
Children are to use the front doors to enter the building.
Children are to use walks and regularly designated play areas only.
Children are to variable, they protest.
Children are to wait for other children only at the front of the building.
Children are to walk in the crosswalks.
Children are to wear shoes or sneakers indoors.
Children are today all too often the first victims of war.
Children are tolerated accessories.
Children are tomorrow's citizens and the hope for our world.
Children are too important an asset to sacrifice for short-term political gain.
Children are too important for that.
Children are too mean to each other.
Children are too often the victims of a divorce.
Children are too precious to ignore the keys to their innate personality.
Children are too small to tolerate much blood and fluid loss.
Children are too small to tolerate very much blood and fluid loss.
Children are too valuable and their needs too important to be made victims of cheap, shallow advice.
Children are too young to be rational and unselfish.
Children are too young to comprehend that hot drinks and hot water can be dangerous.
Children are too young to have the responsibility for their own safety.
Children are too young to know the difference between right and wrong.
Children are tortured by being kept quiet, and hunger is the great impeller to motion in general.
Children are totally uninhibited in urinating anywhere outside the house.
Children are tough and discriminating.
Children are town away from their parents.
Children are trend-setters.
Children are troubled when they have too much control.
Children are truly a Blessing.
Children are truly at-risk.
Children are truly the innocent victims of domestic violence.
Children are truly the keys to tomorrow.
Children are twice as likely as adults to live in poverty.
Children are twice as likely to die in fires as adults.
Children are twice as likely to eat french fries than any individual vegetable.
Children are two to three times more likely to die by accidents in the home than by a gun.
Children are typically a weak group.
Children are typically caucasian, with brown, blond or black hair.
Children are typically more vulnerable to the disease than adults.
Children are typically ready to begin training at two to two and a half years old.
Children are ultimately responsible for their own learning.
Children are unable to attend school.
Children are unable to deliberately focus their attention and control their concentration.
Children are unable to evaluate the quality and play value of such products depicted on television.
Children are unable to speak to their parents about bullying at school.
Children are unable to understand abstract concepts or figurative words.
Children are unable to understand theoretically the concepts of morality.
Children are unaccountable little creatures.
Children are unaffected.
Children are uncapable of understanding alot of adult concepts.
Children are under a great deal of stress.
Children are under constant supervision at all times.
Children are under direct adult supervision at all times.
Children are under increasing pressure to drop out of school.
Children are under many pressures with their busy schedules and homework.
Children are under pressure.
Children are under pressures today as never before.
Children are under the auspices of their parents protection until puberty.
Children are under the authority of their parents.
Children are under the supervision of a responsible adult at all times.
Children are under the supervision of certified teachers.
Children are unexpectedly home on snowy days.
Children are unfit.
Children are unique from the moment they are born.
Children are unique in their own way.
Children are unique individuals with varying rates of growth, capabilities and interests.
Children are unique special human beings, who have individual needs.
Children are unique, and their successes are unique.
Children are unique.
Children are uniquely vulnerable and therefore uniquely affected, by environmental hazards.
Children are uniquely vulnerable solely by virtue of their status as children.
Children are uniquely vulnerable to environmental hazards.
Children are universally excited about saving our planet, and taking care of our environment.
Children are unknown.
Children are unlikely to be affected unless the other parent is an occult heterozygote.
Children are unlikely to come up with the narrower, more interesting topics on their own.
Children are unlikely to have skin problems due to the sun.
Children are unlikely to prosper unless their families do.
Children are unlikely to put in a six-hour paddling day.
Children are unlikely to try a new food without the support of marketing and education.
Children are unpredictable.
Children are unusually perceptive.
Children are unusually sensitive to chlorquine.
Children are uplifted for their participation and effort.
Children are used for comfort.
Children are used for cuddling.
Children are used for fun.
Children are used for innocence.
Children are used for lovings.
Children are used for playing games.
Children are used for raisings.
Children are used for teaching.
Children are usually able to brush and floss by themselves at six or seven years of age.
Children are usually already eligible.
Children are usually angry because something is unfair, and their anger generates a lot of energy.
Children are usually ashamed and embarrassed when they act out publicly.
Children are usually breast fed, then weaned onto household foods.
Children are usually faster, however, and rush out to gather the sweets.
Children are usually in foster homes.
Children are usually more carefree, enthusiastic, and less depressed.
Children are usually more hurt than adults by broken promises.
Children are usually much happier, when the parents are doing what they enjoy most.
Children are usually the major carriers of the water.
Children are usually the worst offenders.
Children are usually tired and sometimes less frenetic.
Children are usually under the care of elderly family members.
Children are usually uneducated.
Children are usually very aware that their illness is terminal.
Children are usually very interested in animals, both wild and domesticated.
Children are usually well-established in their chosen careers when their parents die.
Children are valuable.
Children are vengeance.
Children are veritable learning machines from the day they are born.
Children are very active in the life of the congregation.
Children are very adapatable.
Children are very adaptable.
Children are very adept at hearing our hidden messages.
Children are very advanced in their computer knowledge today.
Children are very appreciative listeners.
Children are very aware of fairness and respect.
Children are very aware of the facial expressions of the adults aroundthem.
Children are very capable of walking a short distance to a safely parked car.
Children are very clever at finding ways to demand attention.
Children are very concerned about the world they live in.
Children are very concrete in terms of thinking.
Children are very conscious of the importance of food.
Children are very conservative little creatures.
Children are very content with simple answers.
Children are very creative.
Children are very cruel.
Children are very curious and have been known to eat paint chips.
Children are very curious and love to investigate their environment.
Children are very curious and they ask a lot of questions.
Children are very curious people.
Children are very curious.
Children are very cute.
Children are very daring and have little fear of the consequences of their actions.
Children are very different from adults when they are working with computers.
Children are very different from one another.
Children are very dreamy.
Children are very eager learners.
Children are very familiar with time-outs.
Children are very fascinated with military items.
Children are very forgiving creatures.
Children are very forgiving.
Children are very fragile in their ability to deal with things they've never experienced before.
Children are very frank critics.
Children are very generous, they love the idea of helping others.
Children are very good at amking assertions which are unwarrented to a higher degree than adults.
Children are very good at attuning themselves into what the adult is looking for.
Children are very good at embracing the interactive, exploratory and playful aspects of the package.
Children are very good at listening to their body's hunger and fullness signals.
Children are very good at sensing how to use myths constructively for their own purposes.
Children are very happy because they eat with their family and play around with other kids.
Children are very healthy and do very well with medicines.
Children are very honest, in the way that they do what they like.
Children are very honest.
Children are very important, and their education and development is a constant concern.
Children are very impressionable and it is important to control what their minds are exposed to.
Children are very impressionable.
Children are very inquisitive.
Children are very interested in seeing old methods of dam building.
Children are very interested in the story.
Children are very loyal.
Children are very lucky today because people are more aware of safety issues.
Children are very much attracted to bodies of water.
Children are very much into that.
Children are very much like strings.
Children are very much the same way.
Children are very observant and sensitive.
Children are very observant.
Children are very often surprisingly creative and adaptive.
Children are very open and willing.
Children are very open.
Children are very perceptive to changes that occur in the daily routines of life.
Children are very perceptive, and it can severely injure their self-esteem.
Children are very perceptive.
Children are very poor, however, even if their household income is above the actual poverty line.
Children are very prone to fall when playing tennis.
Children are very quick to learn how to play one parent off another.
Children are very quick to recognise an adult's embarrassment.
Children are very receptive individuals.
Children are very resilient, however.
Children are very resilient.
Children are very savvy in using deceit to preserve and maintain relationships.
Children are very sensitive and have fantastic imaginations.
Children are very sensitive to any change in their schedules.
Children are very sensitive to changes within their family.
Children are very sensitive to differences between themselves and their same-age peers.
Children are very sensitive to hypocrisy.
Children are very sensitive to parents' words.
Children are very sensitive to the effects of air pollution.
Children are very sensitive to the emotional quality of the home.
Children are very sensitive to the feelings of the family and know when changes occur.
Children are very sensitive to the order of the day.
Children are very sensitive to the seizure-inducing and heart effects of the medication.
Children are very sensitive, perceptive and instinctual.
Children are very smart and are very manipulative.
Children are very smart, and publishers are always looking for reading that provides a challenge.
Children are very smart.
Children are very social creatures.
Children are very special and revered in China.
Children are very special human beings.
Children are very special people and deserve the best.
Children are very special.
Children are very susceptible to influence from their peers.
Children are very susceptible tO' precedent, custom and gen- eral rule.
Children are very susceptible to respiratory problems due to second hand smoke.
Children are very susceptible to tapeworms since they like to handle pets and play in the dirt.
Children are very susceptible to the dangers of sugar, more so than adults.
Children are very susceptible to the emotions of their parents.
Children are very unique people.
Children are very unpredictable on bicycles.
Children are very upset when they see one of their parents abusing or attacking the other.
Children are very welcome and discounts are available.
Children are very welcome in all restaurants and many have a children,s menu.
Children are very welcome in the chalet.
Children are very welcome in The Studio.
Children are very welcome in worship, and bulletins with crayons are provided for their use.
Children are very welcome to attend.
Children are very welcome, and a cot and highchair are available.
Children are very welcome, and can play in the playground.
Children are very welcome, but no special facilities are provided at evening services.
Children are very welcome.
Children are very well aware of their status among their peers.
Children are very young people, and include babies.
Children are victims of many poverties, including spiritual poverty.
Children are victims of negative habits as well.
Children are vitally concerned with distinguishing good from evil and truth from falsehood.
Children are volatile and nothing can guarantee a desired outcome.
Children are vulnerable and are entitled to our protection.
Children are vulnerable and open to manipulation.
Children are vulnerable anywhere there is adult activity.
Children are vulnerable because of the size of their airway and their ability to fight disease.
Children are vulnerable because they want to appear street wise and sexually aware.
Children are vulnerable enough.
Children are vulnerable to catchy tunes, colorful labels, and doing what other children are doing.
Children are vulnerable to disease before they reach school age.
Children are vulnerable to sexual abuse from infancy through early adulthood.
Children are vulnerable to the nasty bites.
Children are vulnerable, and their motives are there for all the adults in the vicinity to see.
Children are vulnerable, too.
Children are vulnerable.
Children are weak and tired after a childhood illness.
Children are weary and hungry.
Children are weary yet jubilant.
Children are weepy, whiny, pathetic and clingy.
Children are Welcome .
Children are welcome and a cot and high chair are available for there use.
Children are welcome and a cot can be provided for babies.
Children are welcome and a cot, highchair and baby bath are available on request.
Children are welcome and a high-chair is available on request.
Children are welcome and a nursery is available too.
Children are welcome and admitted free, so it's a great place to go as a family.
Children are welcome and are encouraged to participate with their parents.
Children are welcome and are often in the office and a play area is available for their enjoyment.
Children are welcome and arrangements for child care can be made.
Children are welcome and baby-sitters are available.
Children are welcome and can participate in all activities.
Children are welcome and child care is available if desired.
Children are welcome and child care is provided.
Children are welcome and children's play equipment is available.
Children are welcome and cots and high chairs can be supplied.
Children are welcome and cots are available on request.
Children are welcome and cots are provided free where required.
Children are welcome and darts and dominoes are played there.
Children are welcome and discounts are available.
Children are welcome and do have a great deal of fun.
Children are welcome and dogs are permitted at owner's discretion.
Children are welcome and easily accommodated.
Children are welcome and encouraged to attend classes.
Children are welcome and encouraged to attend most events.
Children are welcome and encouraged to come.
Children are welcome and encouraged to participate.
Children are welcome and encouraged.
Children are welcome and family rooms are available.
Children are welcome and free babysitting is provided.
Children are welcome and generally feel comfortable in our worship.
Children are welcome and group discounts are available.
Children are welcome and have their own learning space.
Children are welcome and horse corrals are available.
Children are welcome and it includes breakfast.
Children are welcome and it's a completely safe way to see the marine life up close.
Children are welcome and major credit cards are accepted.
Children are welcome and music is offered several nights a week.
Children are welcome and receive reduced rates.
Children are welcome and reservations are accepted.
Children are welcome and some in-home services can often be arranged.
Children are welcome and some tours are designed for younger children.
Children are welcome and special rates and cots are available.
Children are welcome and specially catered for at birthday parties, with a clown a speciality.
Children are welcome and the menu features many of their favorite foods.
Children are welcome and their needs are provided for during all services.
Children are welcome and there are adjacent facilities for mothers with young babies.
Children are welcome and there is a children's menu.
Children are welcome and there is a crib available.
Children are welcome and there is a playground two blocks away.
Children are welcome and there is also a guests payphone.
Children are welcome and there is an extensive food menu including a good choice for vegetarians.
Children are welcome and there is over a dozen TV's tuned in to all televised sports events.
Children are welcome and they are encouraged to participate in all ranch activities.
Children are welcome as are well - behaved dogs.
Children are welcome as long as they are accompanied by an adult.
Children are welcome as long as they are big enough to fit into the harnesses.
Children are welcome as long as they are well behaved.
Children are welcome as space allows.
Children are welcome as well.
Children are welcome at a modest additional rate.
Children are welcome at age appropriate workshops.
Children are welcome at all activities.
Children are welcome at all club events, and mothers of ALL aged children are invited to attend.
Children are welcome at all events.
Children are welcome at all meetings and most functions.
Children are welcome at all of our services.
Children are welcome at all our services.
Children are welcome at all public rituals provided they are accompanied by a responsible adult.
Children are welcome at all religious services.
Children are welcome at all services.
Children are welcome at all times.
Children are welcome at all worship services.
Children are welcome at any time, and children's portions are available.
Children are welcome at anything they do.
Children are welcome at dances if supervised by a responsible adult.
Children are welcome at half price room rates.
Children are welcome at many events designed for the entire family.
Children are welcome at most meetings, but some are specifically for adults.
Children are welcome at most of the groups.
Children are welcome at our meetings when lack of childcare is an issue.
Children are welcome at Phoenix auctions, but parents are responsible for their behavior.
Children are welcome at service.
Children are welcome at services.
Children are welcome at the altar to receive a blessing.
Children are welcome at the cottages.
Children are welcome at the dentist's from as young as one year old.
Children are welcome at the Highland Park Minyan.
Children are welcome at the inn, and they'll love the giant dollhouses in the attic.
Children are welcome at The Little Surgery.
Children are welcome at the public workshop.
Children are welcome at the recital, which is free and open to the public.
Children are welcome at the restaurant and are treated to their own menu.
Children are welcome at worship, and age-appropriate worship materials are provided.
Children are welcome but please, no pets.
Children are welcome but there are very limited activities available.
Children are welcome but there is no formal children's activites or babysitting.
Children are welcome by arrangement and two cats are friendly extras.
Children are welcome by prior arrangement.
Children are welcome Call or email for more info.
Children are welcome during specified weeks of the year.
Children are welcome during the summer and when the inn is rented for family gatherings.
Children are welcome for all or any part of the program.
Children are welcome for an extra charge.
Children are welcome for short term visits to residents and for daily or weekly reservations.
Children are welcome from infancy through age three.
Children are welcome here.
Children are welcome if both rooms are booked.
Children are welcome if parents supervise.
Children are welcome if supervised by parents.
Children are welcome if they are able to stay in another room.
Children are welcome in all of our services.
Children are welcome in class.
Children are welcome in many homes.
Children are welcome in Morning Worship.
Children are welcome in nearly all the guest houses.
Children are welcome in our chalet.
Children are welcome in our cottages.
Children are welcome in our house as our house is child friendly.
Children are welcome in our libraries.
Children are welcome in our safe friendly fun environment.
Children are welcome in our service.
Children are welcome in our worship service.
Children are welcome in our worship services and families are encouraged to worship together.
Children are welcome in our worship services.
Children are welcome in our worship setting.
Children are welcome in our worship.
Children are welcome in single-party bookings.
Children are welcome in specially designed wing.
Children are welcome in the bar and restaurant.
Children are welcome in the cabin.
Children are welcome in the cottage.
Children are welcome in the cottages only.
Children are welcome in the courthouse if they are older and well behaved.
Children are welcome in the early evening, and there is a garden that they can use.
Children are welcome in the family suite.
Children are welcome in the Guest House.
Children are welcome in the Library as long as they are accompanied by an adult guardian.
Children are welcome in the library at any time.
Children are welcome in the Library.
Children are welcome in the motel.
Children are welcome in the paddock as long as they are accompanied by an adult.
Children are welcome in the sanctuary, with special programs also available.
Children are welcome in the worship service.
Children are welcome in their non-smoking home.
Children are welcome in worship and often participate as acolytes, readers, and ushers.
Children are welcome in worship.
Children are welcome on a limited basis.
Children are welcome on an individual basis.
Children are welcome on most rides, but specific inquiry is recommended.
Children are welcome on most tours.
Children are welcome on the family camp.
Children are welcome on the list.
Children are welcome on the restaurant side.
Children are welcome provided that their purpose and behavior is appropriate for the library.
Children are welcome provided they are able to sit down and scrapbook with their parents.
Children are welcome provided they are well supervised.
Children are welcome though the maximum number of residents accepted is six.
Children are welcome to accompany parents.
Children are welcome to all entertainment and dining facilities.
Children are welcome to all events.
Children are welcome to apply for a card when they are able to write their first and last names.
Children are welcome to attend all services.
Children are welcome to attend and enjoy soft drinks and cookies at no extra charge.
Children are welcome to attend and participate in Worship.
Children are welcome to attend at either session.
Children are welcome to attend at parents' discretion.
Children are welcome to attend in their pajamas and bring a stuffed animal.
Children are welcome to attend with their parents.
Children are welcome to attend.
Children are welcome to bring a favorite stuffed animal.
Children are welcome to bring a special activity, book or toy to share with the group.
Children are welcome to bring blankets and pillows.
Children are welcome to bring sleeping bags in their parents room.
Children are welcome to bring swimsuits and towels to enjoy a slip and slide.
Children are welcome to bring their own lunch.
Children are welcome to browse and buy in the store.
Children are welcome to build their own sandcastles in an adjacent area.
Children are welcome to come along and play.
Children are welcome to come along with their parents.
Children are welcome to come and participate as they wish.
Children are welcome to come and play while the women study and pray together.
Children are welcome to come and play.
Children are welcome to come by themselves.
Children are welcome to come forward and participate with their parents.
Children are welcome to come in their jammies and bring their favorite bedtime toy.
Children are welcome to come to class occasionally when daycare problems arise.
Children are welcome to come to the table with their parents and partake of the elements.
Children are welcome to come with their parents.
Children are welcome to come.
Children are welcome to dance as well.
Children are welcome to delve into the hands-on displays.
Children are welcome to enjoy both meals.
Children are welcome to enroll in group or private swim lessons.
Children are welcome to enter our contest.
Children are welcome to enter submissions and to join writing contests.
Children are welcome to go to the library and read or just play together in the gym.
Children are welcome to horseback ride while under supervision of their parents.
Children are welcome to join a class at any time of the year.
Children are welcome to join at any time during the year.
Children are welcome to join for as many sessions as they like.
Children are welcome to join their parents.
Children are welcome to lighten up the atmosphere.
Children are welcome to look at the animals and sometimes help out.
Children are welcome to participate if accompanied by a participating adult.
Children are welcome to participate if their parents choose.
Children are welcome to participate in supervised pumpkin carving on the farm.
Children are welcome to participate in the fullness of the church service.
Children are welcome to participate in the pageant.
Children are welcome to participate in worship.
Children are welcome to participate, if accompanied by an adult.
Children are welcome to participate.
Children are welcome to peruse the unique collection of artifacts.
Children are welcome to play in our toy room.
Children are welcome to play in the large enclosed garden.
Children are welcome to ride gentle horses and ponies.
Children are welcome to share and take pleasure in the history and education of the plantation.
Children are welcome to sit on the floor in the center of the circle.
Children are welcome to start topics as well.
Children are welcome to stay with their families during the service.
Children are welcome to stay with their parents.
Children are welcome to stay.
Children are welcome to take communion with their parents.
Children are welcome to train with a responsible adult present.
Children are welcome to use the adjacent playground under parent supervision.
Children are welcome to use the family membership without their parents.
Children are welcome to visit their parents or close family members.
Children are welcome to visit when supervised by an adult.
Children are welcome to visit, unless a physician order indicates otherwise.
Children are welcome to visit.
Children are welcome to wear costumes.
Children are welcome too.
Children are welcome under adult supervision.
Children are welcome under the watchful eyes of their parents.
Children are welcome when accompanied by a responsible adult.
Children are welcome when accompanied by adults.
Children are welcome when accompanied by an adult.
Children are welcome when accompanyed by an adult.
Children are welcome with adult supervision, except children's ward.
Children are welcome with adult supervision.
Children are welcome with parental consent.
Children are welcome with parents and almost all the pubs are non-smoking.
Children are welcome with parents or guardians during our normal operating hours.
Children are welcome with parents.
Children are welcome with prior approval.
Children are welcome with prior arrangements.
Children are welcome with prior notice, and many become old-radio fans as a result of their stay.
Children are welcome with their families.
Children are welcome with their parents.
Children are welcome with well-behaved parents.
Children are welcome, and babysitting is provided.
Children are welcome, and both cribs and a children's menu are available.
Children are welcome, and childcare is available for smaller kids.
Children are welcome, and donations are appreciated to help fund continued educational programs.
Children are welcome, and encouraged to attend our worship service.
Children are welcome, and families seemed to dominate the place.
Children are welcome, and have great fun.
Children are welcome, and light snacks are available.
Children are welcome, and mothers are asked to bring a few quiet toys to share.
Children are welcome, and some have games for the visitors and adults to play.
Children are welcome, and the family pet is welcome.
Children are welcome, and there is an indoor play area and early mealtimes for young children.
Children are welcome, and they ll enjoy the park across the street.
Children are welcome, as are pets, with prior arrangement.
Children are welcome, as well as pets under the control of their owners.
Children are welcome, but be advised that even in the non-smoking section, it is smoky.
Children are welcome, but no animals please.
Children are welcome, but no children's furniture is available.
Children are welcome, but no pets, please.
Children are welcome, but please be sure they are accompanied by a parent or adult.
Children are welcome, but please call ahead to pre-register.
Children are welcome, but please leave pets at home.
Children are welcome, but please use discretion.
Children are welcome, but some age restrictions apply.
Children are welcome, but the walk is designed for adults.
Children are welcome, but there is no separate children's menu.
Children are welcome, cots and high-chair available.
Children are welcome, depending on the circumstances - please inquire.
Children are welcome, enter downstairs, through double glass doors.
Children are welcome, no pets and no smoking.
Children are welcome, of course.
Children are welcome, pets by arrangement.
Children are welcome, price on application.
Children are welcome, rates upon request.
Children are welcome, smoking outdoors only, no pets.
Children are welcome, though no special activities or day care are planned.
Children are welcome, too, of course.
Children are welcome, too.
Children are welcome, with a cot available and two bedrooms in the annex for extra persons.
Children are welcome, with cots and high chairs provided where necessary.
Children are welcome, with or without parents.
Children are welcome, with prior arrangements.
Children are welcome.
Children are Welcome.
Children are welcome-games and movies provided.
Children are well able to ask questions if they want more information.
Children are well aware of the debate.
Children are well cared for and are important to village life.
Children are well catered for and can even enrol for golf tuition with the resident pro.
Children are well catered for with an excellent playground and children's meals provided.
Children are well catered for, with highchairs and cots provided.
Children are well catered for.
Children are what families are really all about.
Children are who feel the sting of welfare reform the most.
Children are whole people.
Children are willing to receive ideas and enjoy responding to ideas.
Children are willing to seek advice and counsel from their parents.
Children are wise, and clever.
Children are with new marriage.
Children are without parents and families are likely to be in poverty.
Children are without parents, refugees number many thousands.
Children are witnesses to atrocities every day for the sake of entertainment.
Children are wonderful and they can be hard to be with.
Children are wonderful decoders.
Children are wonderful imitators too.
Children are wonderful observers but often terrible interpreters.
Children are wonderful teachers.
Children are wonderful, joyous, little people.
Children are wonderful.
Children are wonderfully resilient.
Children are world treasures.
Children are worse off than adults.
Children are worse off without fathers.
Children are worth every effort.
Children are worth it.
Children are worth knowing, worth working with, and worth the dedicated efforts of every teacher.
Children Are Worth Saving - information about how to help abused and neglected children.
Children are York County's greatest economic investment and our future leaders.
Children are young and so their feelings and egos are very fragile.
Children are young for such a short time.
Children are yucky, smooth and make noise.
Children are, after all, individuals.
Children are, after all, our most precious resource.
Children are, after all, the main reasons why parents try harder to work out their differences.
Children are, by nature, active and energetic.
Children are, however, permitted to visit our site for informational purposes.
Children are, in effect, risking their lives by attending school.
Children are, in fact, the key to the mystery of man's life on earth.
Children are, in many ways, treated as being no different than commodities or life-style choices.
Children are, in some cases, inconvenient.
Children are, instead, entirely free to simply believe.
Children are, of course, often the first to break the barriers of mistrust and prejudice.
Children are, of course, variously talented.
Children are, of course, welcome.
Children argue and negotiate.
Children arn't discouraged to worship god.
Children arrange the blocks in an audio box that replays the arrangement with high quality sound.
Children arrive and eagerly join in the activities.
Children arrive at homes.
Children arrive at school fueled with a passion for reading.
Children arrive each day eager to learn.
Children arrive each morning and spend the day.
Children arrive earlier and earlier and leave later and later.
Children arrive in the morning to a happy and music filled room.
Children arrive one at a time, over time.
Children arrive, greeted at the door by their teacher.
Children arrive, grow and move on.
Children ask a lot of questions.
Children ask all kinds of religious and faith questions.
Children ask better questions than adults.
Children ask classmates.
Children ask for money for themselves, but adults usually ask for money for charity.
Children ask for so little.
Children ask grannies.
Children ask it when told to go to sleep.
Children ask magnificent questions.
Children ask questions about priests when they attend Mass.
Children ask questions in bold type that are answered in the text.
Children ask questions trying to identify the object or number.
Children ask questions.
Children ask simple questions that are deeply philosophical.
Children ask the obvious questions.
Children ask the same questions.
Children ask to hear it over and over again.
Children ask very naive but intelligent questions.
Children ask, smoking outside, no pets.
Children assemble in the cafeteria for crafts, activities and outdoor play.
Children assemble rabbits by gluing rabbit parts onto juice can.
Children assimilate information idiosyncratically, based on their prior experiences.
Children assimilate knowledge easily in their early years, more easily than adults.
Children assist in the ceremonial planting.
Children assist in the preparation of the snack.
Children assist in the support of their family.
Children associate being sick with feeling bad, staying in bed, taking medicine and getting well.
Children associate both praise and criticism with the withholding or release of body waste.
Children associate certain characteristics with professional, college or Olympic athletes.
Children associate sounds with body rhythm and senses.
Children assume that adult behavior is correct behavior.
Children assume that animals also have human intentions and needs.
Children assume that behaviors observed on television are appropriate and acceptable.
Children assuredly follow their hearts to find their own unique ways to work through grief.
Children attach meaning to sounds long before they shed their diapers.
Children attach to their pet for support, affection, and security.
Children attack kaiju and each other.
Children attain confidence through achievement.
Children attend a public middle school, and a high school in a nearby part of the county.
Children attend a three-hour morning or afternoon session.
Children attend an outstanding school and are provided with spacious playgrounds for sports.
Children attend and lead the regular services with their parents.
Children attend art and music class once a week and have daily physical education.
Children attend both a private lesson and a group lesson each week.
Children attend childcare and also take a one hour group ski lesson.
Children attend class for three hours per day, five days a week.
Children attend class for three hours per day, three days a week.
Children attend class with at least one parent or caregiver per family.
Children attend classes and teachers also visit families in their homes.
Children attend classes daily.
Children attend classes divided by grade levels.
Children attend classes in cafeterias and in corridors.
Children attend classes weekly and their parents participate monthly.
Children attend different special classes each day for forty minutes.
Children attend either a half or full day at school.
Children attend five days per week.
Children attend for a range of sessions from five full days to two half days.
Children attend for free.
Children attend free.
Children attend Greek schools, including kindergarten, in winter.
Children attend gym and music twice a week.
Children attend half-days, four days per week.
Children attend high-tuition institutions.
Children attend immediately after school and participate in a variety of programs.
Children attend integrated schools.
Children attend kindergarten all day, five days a week.
Children attend kindergarten as part of a consistent group.
Children attend nine sessions with one parent.
Children attend nursery school and day-care programs from a very early age.
Children attend nursery school, or kindergarten in the private sector until they are five years old.
Children attend once a week for the four or six week session.
Children attend one of two sessions five days a week for three hours per day.
Children attend only one session.
Children attend only through the eighth grade.
Children attend pre-school storytime without their parents.
Children attend preschool two times per week.
Children attend primary schools.
Children attend private schools or Montgomery County public schools .
Children attend public schools and are encouraged to participate in extra-curricular activities.
Children attend public schools on or near the reservation.
Children attend regular church school classes following their dismissal from the worship service.
Children attend school at the local church, and it's a completely inadequate facility.
Children attend school every but have different teachers in the morning and afternoon.
Children attend school for a total of forty weeks each year.
Children attend school in well-equipped classrooms.
Children attend school inside the recovery residence facility.
Children attend school on-site.
Children attend school with live bombs dropping nearby.
Children attend school.
Children attend schools depending on where they live.
Children attend schools in their attendance areas, and neighborhoods are zoned for specific schools.
Children attend schools regularly and the drop-out rate is no longer on the increase.
Children attend schools.
Children attend separate schools from infancy.
Children attend services at festivals throughout the year, and the Vicar attends weekly assemblies.
Children attend six forty-minute asthma classes after school.
Children attend the camp at no cost to themselves or their families.
Children attend the camp free of charge.
Children attend the centers four hours each weekday.
Children attend the first part of the service with their parents and then leave for church school.
Children attend the first segment of the service.
Children attend the government village school to be taught from a standard nationwide curriculum.
Children attend the opening of the worship service.
Children attend the preschool four days a week for a period of two and three quarter hours.
Children attend three to four days per week and parents participate in weekly group meetings.
Children attend three years of kindergarten on average before moving on to primary school.
Children attend to objects as well as motions when learning verbs.
Children attend two nearby schools and medical facilities are available.
Children attend two times per week.
Children attend two, three, or five days a week.
Children attend with a parent.
Children attend worship together once each quarter and join together for assemblies once a month.
Children attending child care centres are even more likely to catch it.
Children attending day care are at particularly high risk of drug-resistant pneumococcal infection.
Children attending daycare are at greater risk for respiratory and gastrointestinal diseases.
Children attending daycare do just as well at toilet training as kids being cared for at home.
Children attending in the afternoon get lunch and a snack.
Children attending in the morning get breakfast and lunch.
Children attending private schools have an individual entitlement to services.
Children attending public school in North Carolina take many standardized tests.
Children attending schools are familiar sights in villages.
Children attending schools in other districts also are welcome.
Children attending schools in other districts are also welcome.
Children attending science camp in north Georgia mountains become aware of environmental issues.
Children attending the centres vary from birth to school age as specified below.
Children attending the class receive a T-shirt and a certificate of participation.
Children attending the extended year session receive daily classroom instruction and therapy.
Children attending the party are the responsibility of the resident.
Children audition their acts after school and attend several rehearsals.
Children average six colds per year, more if they are in daycare.
Children Babysitting Many parents make reciprocal arrangements with neighbors for babysitting.
Children bake and decorate a birthday cake.
Children balance plastic discs on an over-size scale to learn about weight comparisons and addition.
Children bear deep physical and psychological scars, even after the fighting stops.
Children bear no responsibility for the victimization by an adult.
Children bear of slave women.
Children bear of women.
Children bear the brunt of economic globalization, working in horrific conditions for little pay.
Children bear the risk of the untested pesticides, while pesticide companies reap the profits.
Children bear their fathers' family names.
Children become a captive audience for ads showing expensive sneakers, junk food, and soda pop.
Children become able to understand the feelings of others.
Children become accustomed to pain or painful procedures .
Children become accustomed to pain or painful procedures.
Children become accustomed to praying in front of others.
Children become active participants instead of passive recipients.
Children become active seekers of knowledge as well as independent and creative thinkers.
Children become addicted to computers.
Children become adoptable for many different reasons.
Children become adult inventors that solve the world s problems.
Children become adults when they behave as adults.
Children become adults.
Children become angry for different reasons.
Children become animal behavioral scientists.
Children become anxious for m any reasons.
Children become apprentices in occupational shops of their choice.
Children become ashamed of how their parents speak and make negative judgments about themselves.
Children become authors and illistrators of their own versions of classic childrens literature.
Children become authors and illustrators of their own versions of classic children's literature.
Children become authors and illustrators of their own versions of literature.
Children become available for adoption in several ways.
Children become aware of differences and similarities between themselves and their peers.
Children become aware that they are responsible for their own healthy state of being.
Children become better learners and experience greater academic success when parents are involved.
Children become better readers and better learners.
Children become better readers by reading.
Children become bored and parents impatient.
Children become bored very quickly.
Children become bored with the same thing.
Children become caregivers.
Children become comfortable with the instrument before learning to read music.
Children become completely engaged in what they do, making no distinction between work and play.
Children become confident as they use their own ideas.
Children become confused and start playing one parent against the other.
Children become confused if they receive different directions daily as to what they are to do.
Children become cranky and irritable, occasional nose bleeds develop.
Children become crippled.
Children become discouraged to the point of retaliation that often brings harm to themselves.
Children become easily bored with the same thing.
Children become eaters.
Children become either withdrawn or outgoing in an attempt to stay away from the family.
Children become eligible for early childhood education or move into preschool programs at age three.
Children become encouraged when they see their own words in print.
Children become enthusiastically connected with the narration and the activities are fun.
Children become familiar with local animals and the homes they build.
Children become familiar with the dolphins, therapists, and surroundings.
Children become frustrated because their goal - to play with a certain toy is thwarted.
Children become full members of the church upon baptism.
Children become full-fledged members upon public profession of faith.
Children become fussy eaters.
Children become good readers by actually reading.
Children become grouchy.
Children become heros.
Children become holy by being obedient, thoughtful, joyful and loving.
Children become hopelessly addicted, social misfits trapped in an electronic never-never land.
Children become hyperactive or cry a lot, and become overly emotional.
Children become immersed in intra and intercultural experiences.
Children become immune to the horror of violence.
Children become increasingly aware of their actions eg.
Children become increasingly interested in how they are alike and different from other children.
Children become increasingly more involved with their older siblings during the preschool years.
Children become increasingly self-directed, taking ownership of their own learning.
Children become increasingly sensitive to the evaluations of their peers.
Children become interested in groups, boy-girl relationships.
Children become interested in the intimacy they observe between their parents.
Children become involved in gangs at younger and younger ages.
Children become irritable and angry and can have trouble at school.
Children become lead poisoned by lead dust and paint from older homes.
Children become less able and increasingly dependent during the toddler years.
Children become less able, and increasingly dependent.
Children become less responsive.
Children become literate in English as a second language.
Children become literate to the extent that their parents extend school-like activities in the home.
Children become members of a cabin, and often consider their cabin-mates their new family.
Children become mentally retarded.
Children become mere moneymakers for the companies involved.
Children become missionary kids at different ages.
Children become moral beings from the age of reason.
Children become more aware of acceptable norms regarding language, clothes and play activities.
Children become more confident in their ability to interview adults.
Children become more responsible.
Children become normal adults.
Children become normal size adults.
Children become obese adults.
Children become 'orphans' The report, called The Silent Crisis, highlights the plight of children.
Children become orphans.
Children become overweight because they take in too many calories and do too little exercise.
Children become overweight for a variety of reasons.
Children become overweight for many reasons.
Children become overwhelmed with anger when their wishes are frustrated.
Children become physically motivated when hungry, full of energy or highly stimulated.
Children become proficient readers.
Children become radically present-oriented, unable to defer immediate gratifications.
Children become readers step by step.
Children become readers.
Children become responsible by helping each other.
Children become skilled readers by learning a variety of strategies.
Children become skilled readers by learning to recognize words.
Children become social beings very gradually.
Children become spoiled when parents give too much attention when children demand it.
Children become strong and effective readers by reading books they truly enjoy.
Children become talkers through natural learning processes.
Children become teenagers.
Children become tense and restless and display abnormal and random head, neck, and eye movements.
Children become the main reason for sticking together .
Children become the outcome of reproductive decisions aimed at satisfying the desires of parents.
Children become the passive recipients of knowledge only, and it takes a strong child to break out.
Children become the prize to be won or lost in what often becomes an escalating conflict.
Children become their caretakers.
Children become their social security.
Children become toilet trained at a wide variety of ages.
Children become true scientists under the guidance and direction of the center's staff.
Children become unsteady, develop seizures and visual impairment.
Children become used to being treated in a certain way by partners or child-carers.
Children become very aware of their parents feelings and behaviour.
Children become very frightened when they see the memory lapses, the frailty in a parent.
Children become very good listeners and direction takers.
Children become very hurt and confused by unmet expectations.
Children become very interested in technology and the use of tools, both literal and metaphorical.
Children become very sick, have liver and eye damage, and become mentally retarded.
Children become what they envision.
Children become what they live.
Children become what they see and are taught.
Children become willing learners.
Children become writers because they have many opportunities to write.
Children become young adults.
Children beg for alms in the streets and sleep in doorways at night.
Children beg for food in the streets.
Children beget children.
Children begin as morning students, attending five days a week.
Children begin at an early age in every center with hands-on computer activities.
Children begin at one end and follow the path with their feet to the other end.
Children begin attending worship at six weeks of age.
Children begin being nice and respectful, lots of the baby-self is gone.
Children begin by connecting each sound with a friendly keyboard storyteller.
Children begin by exploring a wide variety of balls and how they roll and bounce.
Children begin by identifying letters and learning the sound each letter makes.
Children begin by labeling their portraits with their names.
Children begin by learning about the parts of words and build toward whole words.
Children begin communicating from the moment they are born.
Children begin communing at an age deemed appropriate by their parents.
Children begin consuming it as soon as they can eat solid food.
Children begin development.
Children begin expressing their preferences at an early age.
Children begin food.
Children begin formal spelling instruction in the first grade or at the very start of second grade.
Children begin forming concepts of shape long before formal schooling.
Children begin growth phases.
Children begin in the service with their families and are dismissed before the sermon.
Children begin learning about citizenship at a young age in the school.
Children begin learning at birth.
Children begin learning the day they are born.
Children begin learning to read, but they think they're playing a computer game.
Children begin life with profound questions.
Children begin marching on the spot.
Children begin parenting the parents and parents compete for the children s attention.
Children begin phases.
Children begin puberty.
Children begin reading at different ages, and they develop at their own paces.
Children begin reading independently in the Early Fluent stage of reading.
Children begin school aged six and seven.
Children begin school at age five and usually complete at least the first five years of schooling.
Children begin school at six years of age and older.
Children begin school at varied stages of learning, depending on their past exposure to language.
Children begin school in the term of their fifth birthday.
Children begin school with a great deal of knowledge and intuition.
Children begin school with more mathematical knowledge and intuition than previously believed.
Children begin school with quite a lot of knowledge and intuition on which to build.
Children begin schools.
Children begin speaking in reverse at about four months of age, using only one word reversals.
Children begin studying simple instrumental music in first grade by learning to play the recorder.
Children begin the fast from the onset of puberty.
Children begin the half-day sessions by planning activities with their teachers.
Children begin the service seated with their parents or guardians.
Children begin their curiosity about written language by scribbling and drawing.
Children begin their first day of school by making banners with their classmates and parents.
Children begin their school at the age of eight.
Children begin their six years of elementary school at the age of seven.
Children begin to apply mental operations to abstract concepts.
Children begin to apply to nursery schools at the age of one or two.
Children begin to babble in their first year of life.
Children begin to be much more interested in tangible objects and events.
Children begin to bring in outside resources to add to their projects.
Children begin to build words by typing sounds.
Children begin to communicate mathematically very early in their lives.
Children begin to compare their work and become more critical of it.
Children begin to develop basic habits of getting, doing and returning work to shelves.
Children begin to develop hobbies and a strong interest in scientific activities.
Children begin to fast around the time of puberty.
Children begin to feel much better within hours of receiving the first dose of antibiotic.
Children begin to find complex and multi-step problems relatively easy.
Children begin to follow directions and accept suggestions for improvement.
Children begin to form good habits like eating healthy and trying new foods in preschool.
Children begin to form small groups.
Children begin to gain melodic and rhythmic competency through music and movement.
Children begin to get their milk teeth right from their ninth month.
Children begin to grasp math skills by learning shapes, patterns and symmetry.
Children begin to grow out of their shoes quickly.
Children begin to have a stronger presence in many municipalities by taking part in town meetings.
Children begin to investigate and understand the needs and life processes of plants and animals.
Children begin to laugh.
Children begin to learn as soon as they are born.
Children begin to learn the cultural stereotypes about race during the preschool years.
Children begin to learn the structure of argumentative texts from a young age.
Children begin to learn through music, illustrated stories and crafts.
Children begin to make connections between printed words and their representations in the world.
Children begin to make selections of products such as toys and food at a very early age.
Children begin to master notions of classes, relations, and quantities.
Children begin to notice differences and evaluate others at a very early age.
Children begin to outline forms within the scribbles.
Children begin to perceive tempo, for example, by dancing to fast and slow music.
Children begin to question how they've been shaped by the media.
Children begin to read and write early in middle childhood and can do it well by the later stages.
Children begin to realize that print is something very meaningful.
Children begin to reason about shape by resemblance.
Children begin to receive higher grades and test scores.
Children begin to recognize and emulate the letters of the alphabet.
Children begin to recognize pleasure as early as infancy.
Children begin to see that a human being can strive for a unity of knowledge and experience.
Children begin to see the world as orderly, rule-governed, and predictive.
Children begin to see themselves as 'workers'.
Children begin to subtract two-digit numbers using tens and ones blocks.
Children begin to think the way they talk with their friends.
Children begin to understand conventions of written language.
Children begin to understand systems by tracking changes among the individual parts.
Children begin to understand that loving relationships can last a lifetime.
Children begin to understand the idea of family rules around the age of two.
Children begin to understand their heritage.
Children begin to use single words to communicate and eventually combine words.
Children begin to view differences with interest and respect rather than mistrust.
Children begin to write the way they speak.
Children begin toilet learning first in the daytime then progress to nighttime learning.
Children begin trying to recreate their world.
Children begin typing almost as they begin talking.
Children begin utilizing the six-trait writing model at the primary level.
Children begin very early to form either a positive or negative picture of themselves.
Children begin watching at a very early age.
Children begin with a chapel service followed by a classroom lesson.
Children begin with concrete and literal understandings of life.
Children begin with small, hand-held games machines.
Children begin working at six years of age, working an eleven hour day at two cents an hour.
Children begin working in the fields from the age of eight.
Children begin writing factual and non-factual stories.
Children begin writing long before they come to school.
Children begin, as they do elsewhere, with kindergarten.
Children beginning their school years still have many nutritional needs to meet.
Children behave and are happier when they are praised and told they are loved.
Children behave better in car seats.
Children behave better when they are busy.
Children behave differently at different ages.
Children behave differently in a group, just as adults do.
Children behave differently than adults.
Children behave in a similar fashion.
Children behave much better on auto trips when they are in a safety car seat.
Children behave well.
Children Being a parent is a soul-shattering experience which changes anyone who tries it.
Children being bullied are often frightened to tell what is happening.
Children being bullied can become very angry.
Children being children is a test all parents face - and learn to love.
Children being indentured to bureaucracies and banks is evil.
Children being raised by grandparents share their feelings and experiences.
Children being shot for lobbing rocks is abominable.
Children being treated for brain tumors require extensive support from a team of specialists.
Children being treated for cancer are at risk for a deadly, air-borne fungus known as aspergillus.
Children believe everything adults say.
Children believe everything their parents say.
Children believe in magic.
Children believe in media's potential to send positive messages about race.
Children believe inanimate objects have consciousness, and accept a human consciousness in animals.
Children believe parents are perfect.
Children believe that alcohol and drug use is safe.
Children believe that everything in the world is alive.
Children believe that kids their age are influenced by the entertainment media.
Children believe that Santa's reindeer can fly.
Children believe that strangers wear black.
Children believe that they can become anything.
Children believe that they can become anythmg.
Children believe that video gambling poker is just another video game.
Children believe the news media can help.
Children believe they share the same interests or behavioral compatibility.
Children believe what they are told, and it carries on in life.
Children believe what they are told, especially by their parents.
Children believe what they see and hear at home and in their community.
Children believe what they see and hear from the adults they look up to.
Children believe what they're told about themselves.
Children believe what they're told.
Children belong either to the unit head or the spouse or both.
Children belong in families.
Children belong in school.
Children belong in the back seats, buckled up in the safety equipment appropriate for their size.
Children belong to biological mothers.
Children belong to families.
Children belong to large families.
Children belong to mothers.
Children belong to the gangs that prowl urban centers, assaulting pedestrians and hijacking cars.
Children belong to their mother's clan, and their Native names come from that clan.
Children belong to their parents.
Children belong together - with advantages and benefits for everyone.
Children belong with parents.
Children belted in place also have difficulty sticking their heads and arms out of windows.
Children benefit academically from smaller classes.
Children benefit directly from book IASL book awards too.
Children benefit directly from professional development of teachers.
Children benefit enormously from learning how to make and keep friends.
Children benefit from a low-fat diet.
Children benefit from a sense of security, structure, and predictability.
Children benefit from adults.
Children benefit from being in a simulating environment at an early age.
Children benefit from consistency, so please follow the schedule.
Children benefit from cuddly friends to hold in many ways.
Children benefit from developing vocabulary and awareness of the sounds.
Children benefit from early learn experience.
Children benefit from experience.
Children benefit from fluoride, of course.
Children benefit from growing up in a family.
Children benefit from having a designated time and place for study .
Children benefit from having the uniques perspective of men and women intheir care and guidance.
Children benefit from having their mothers at home for up to three years.
Children benefit from having their parents involved with their school life.
Children benefit from increased financial support and information about both biological parents.
Children benefit from increased levels of responsibility.
Children benefit from interaction with a broader range of children in their own age group.
Children benefit from knowing the truth about their origins.
Children benefit from learn experience.
Children benefit from lots of practice writing.
Children benefit from positive comments, from the love and care of both parents.
Children benefit from positive relationships with their fathers.
Children benefit from reduced tension and hostility between parents both during and after divorce.
Children benefit from riding in car seats, too.
Children benefit from seeing adults use humor in a positive way.
Children benefit from seeing loving and responsible relationships as models.
Children benefit from special workshops to augment public school art programs.
Children benefit from the demands of a sport, parents say.
Children benefit from the diverse cultural, ethnic and linguistic backgrounds of our families.
Children benefit from the enjoyment of being in the water.
Children benefit from the generational boundary that respects the joint leadership of two adults.
Children benefit from the moral and emotional support of both parents.
Children benefit from trusting relationships with more than one caregiver.
Children benefit greatly by spending time with caring adults.
Children benefit greatly from ballroom lessons for posture and confidence.
Children benefit greatly from owning a pet.
Children benefit greatly from reading activities starting at a very young age.
Children benefit greatly from reading often and widely.
Children benefit greatly from the cooperative transportation model.
Children benefit greatly from the rest and fluids provided at home.
Children benefit immensely from projects in local parks, nursing homes, and retirement communities.
Children benefit more for their medications if they enjoy what they are taking.
Children benefit most from healthy, reciprocal relationships between teachers and families.
Children benefit the most from active interaction with their environment and family members.
Children benefit through higher educational achievement.
Children benefit when parental relations are cooperative and there is no extended legal wrangling .
Children benefit when parental relations are cooperative and there is no extended legal wrangling.
Children benefit when parents and caregivers work together using the same techniques and guidelines.
Children benefit when parents participate more in their lives as advocates and decision-makers.
Children benefit when there is good communication between parents and caregivers.
Children benefit when they have a chance to rebuild a healthy relationship with a returning parent.
Children benefit when they have some of their own tasks to perform by a certain time.
Children benefit, learn and have fun by participating in shared meals.
Children benefit, parents care, and staff enjoy the results every day.
Children blame parents.
Children bleed trees for rubber.
Children blindly accept the wisdom of their elders.
Children bloom with improved confidence in themselves, and deepened curiosity about their world.
Children blossom from awkward swimmers to swim team members.
Children blossom in a warm, safe, comfortable, and creative environment.
Children blossom or fade according to the teacher's vision of their ability.
Children blow into a mouthpiece attached to a plastic box which has lights.
Children blow the seed heads and make a wish.
Children blow up different-coloured balloons.
Children boast of swimming to distant points but usually stay close to shore.
Children born abroad of Canadian parents also have a right to Canadian citizenship.
Children born abroad of U.S. citizen parents derive citizenship from their parents.
Children born addicted to heroin go through withdrawal at birth.
Children born are underweight.
Children born as the result of incest often have severe birth defects.
Children born from honest parents are often dishonest.
Children born from such unions are usually delicate, frail and precocious.
Children born in a malarial region are likely to go into, marasmus.
Children born in Canada automatically become Canadian citizens.
Children born in Japan can acquire Japanese citizenship if either parent is a Japanese citizen.
Children born in the U.S. are U.S. citizens.
Children born into madness are likely to continue that madness.
Children born into poor families have a higher likelihood of having a low birth weight.
Children born into poverty often have a comparative advantage in small business.
Children born of a civilly recognized marriage are legitimate even after a divorce.
Children born of alcoholic parents have a deficiency in glutamine in the brain.
Children born of such a marriage are likely to be bad.
Children born of the marriage maintain their legitimate status.
Children born on the reservation to a tribal member are automatically members.
Children born or adopted of a marriage declared invalid are legitimate.
Children born out of wedlock can have a very difficult time in Japanese society.
Children born out of wedlock to citizen-mothers also qualify.
Children born outside marriage get the mother's name.
Children born prematurely seem especially susceptible to sensory integration issues.
Children born to drinking mothers can suffer learning disabilities and other brain disorders.
Children born to drug addicts, are born with addiction and withdrawal symptoms.
Children born to families with a history of stuttering are at a higher risk for stuttering.
Children born to infected mothers can also become infected during pregnancy.
Children born to mothers with a large number of children are most likely to be underweight.
Children born to recently converted vegetarian mothers can have inherent deficiencies.
Children born to teen mothers are more likely to drop out of high school.
Children born to teenage mothers also run an exceptionally high risk of living in poverty.
Children born to teenage mothers are more likely to suffer health, social, and emotional problems.
Children born to teenage mothers often suffer health problems, too.
Children born today are healthier than ever before.
Children born with a cleft frequently require a number of different types of services.
Children born with alcohol-related birth defects can have lifelong learning and behavior problems.
Children born with birth defects such as cleft lip and palate, suffer an almost inconceivable fate.
Children born with defects require more love and attention than normal children.
Children born with facial deformities have an almost unimaginable burden to bear.
Children born with fetal alcohol syndrome suffer lifelong physical and mental impairments.
Children born with herpes are the largest group to encounter such prejudice.
Children born with metopic craniosynostosis have narrow, pointed foreheads.
Children born with microcephaly often have developmental challenges as they grow older.
Children born with no brains or other monstrous deformities are natural.
Children born with primary congenital glaucoma develop enlarged eyes.
Children born with spina bifida face a lifetime of debilitating problems.
Children born with substantial physical or mental disabilities can receive full benefits.
Children born with the most serious problems caused by alcohol have fetal alcohol syndrome .
Children born with the most serious problems caused by alcohol have fetal alcohol syndrome.
Children born within or outside marriage have the same rights.
Children bounce back so quickly.
Children bounce on large inflatable playgrounds.
Children bow to their parents to show respect.
Children bow when walking in front of adults.
Children brainstorm ten ideas for illustrating their own synonym book.
Children brake their bikes and stare.
Children break a pinata as part of the village celebration.
Children breathe as they hug pets around the neck.
Children breathe even faster.
Children breathe even more air per pound of body weight and are more susceptible to air pollution.
Children breathe even more air per pound of body weight than adults.
Children breathe even more per pound of body weight than adults.
Children breathe faster.
Children breathe more air per pound of body weight than do adults.
Children breathe more air, eat more food and drink more water per pound of body weight than adults.
Children breathe more rapidly and inhale more pollutants per pound of their body weight than adults.
Children breathe right down to the bottom of their lungs -that's relaxed breathing.
Children breathe well naturally.
Children bridge geographical and social differences through technology.
Children brilliantly solve two physics problems.
Children bring a coin to buy a roll.
Children bring a couple closer.
Children bring a lunch every day.
Children bring a sack lunch and beverage each day.
Children bring a sack lunch and beverage for each day of camp.
Children bring a sack lunch every day.
Children bring a sack lunch.
Children bring a variety of fruit to school.
Children bring all that they know without words to the task of learning language.
Children bring books to lunch, and read throughout the day in their classrooms.
Children bring canned or dry goods as an offering.
Children bring changes.
Children bring couples closer together.
Children bring dairy lunch from home.
Children bring different life experiences to school.
Children bring different needs to the schoolhouse.
Children bring guns to school, and shoot their teachers.
Children bring in lunches prepared at home.
Children bring in the family.
Children bring in the last of the nuts and withered fruits from the woods.
Children bring joy and happiness into our lives.
Children bring joy and smiles to everyone.
Children bring lunch from home.
Children bring sack lunches from home.
Children bring so much energy and fun.
Children bring the values and mores of their homes and neighborhoods to school.
Children bring their little offerings, and raise their rosy lips for a caress.
Children bring their lunch and a pillow and blanket for rest time.
Children bring their lunch, play lunch and a drink each day.
Children bring their lunch, rest, play outdoors, listen to stories and have planned activities.
Children bring their lunch.
Children bring their lunches.
Children bring their own bag lunch from home.
Children bring their own baskets and collect eggs to win various prizes.
Children bring their own lunch and drink.
Children bring their own lunch or dinner, if attending during mealtime hours.
Children bring their own lunch.
Children bring their own lunches and are provided with morning and afternoon snacks.
Children bring their own lunches and drinks.
Children bring their own lunches and snacks.
Children bring their own lunches each day.
Children bring their own lunches.
Children bring their own unique interest and abilities to the music learning environment.
Children bring their parents into different settings through sports, school and church.
Children bring their teddy bears to school.
Children bring to the classroom whatever they experience at home.
Children bring up the rear, adding fertilizer and covering the seed.
Children bringing a new, unwrapped toy can ride free with Santa on the train.
Children brought by their parents live with other children under the care of guardians.
Children brush a damp paintbrush across a page and easily create colorful pictures.
Children build a model neighborhood, then viewers see a modern subdivision.
Children build a sense of autonomy and achievement as the blocks are stacked higher.
Children build an igloo, gluing the marshmallows with the sugar glue.
Children build and fly model rockets, view IMAX movie.
Children build basic worship skills through song, scripture, prayer and activities.
Children build character, becoming more competent and more caring.
Children build cognitive efficacy, and learn to order and classify impressions.
Children build colorful pictures by combining or choosing the correct number groups.
Children build colorful tessellation patterns using five tile shapes.
Children build confidence as readers.
Children build confidence as they see themselves improving.
Children build confidence as writers.
Children build confidence through basic skill development.
Children build confidence when they succeed.
Children build hand-eye coordination skills as they practice basic strokes used to make letters.
Children build inferiority complexes very early in life.
Children build knowledge and skills through collaboration and cooperation.
Children build objects and spaces using the power of the written word.
Children build on previous knowledge, connecting learning through hands-on discovery.
Children build paper statues to be burnt on the eve of the festival.
Children build puppets, perform play for parents.
Children build self-esteem by dealing with normal life experiences.
Children build sight vocabularies, spelling, and memory skills as they spell words.
Children build speech from a series of non-meaningful sound combination patterns.
Children build their bodies and explore nature in our extraordinary gardens and playgrounds.
Children build their own solar car.
Children build their sense of self-esteem from mastery of their environments and themselves.
Children build their understanding by going from the known to the unknown.
Children build theories and find patterns and relationships.
Children build things.
Children build up a tolerance to medication.
Children build up by knocking things down.
Children bum up a lot of energy in activity and growing.
Children burdened by many unfair limits are likely to have poor self-esteem.
Children burn faster than adults because they have thinner skin.
Children burn to death and leave no traces of themselves.
Children burst into tears.
Children burst out of doors playing outdoor games.
Children buy animals.
Children buy books for the pictures, illustrations and paintings.
Children buy their own notebooks and pens while the school provides the books.
Children buy varying amounts of jelly beans with pennies, nickels, dimes, and quarters.
Children ca also submit their own questions.
Children call down stairs to their mother to determine the dinner menu.
Children call in and listen to Christian messages.
Children call their teachers and the principal by their first names.
Children calmly ask questions.
Children can absorb lead by sucking or chewing on inexpensive jewellery containing lead.
Children can accept a specific compliment but extravagant praise is uncomfortable.
Children can accept honesty, responsibility, and directness.
Children can access articles, and receive homework help online.
Children can access from friends' homes, school, libraries, and even some shopping malls.
Children can access virtual casinos and pornography on the Web.
Children can achieve counting skills while they read in a flexible, yet purposeful manner.
Children can achieve everything.
Children can acquire new skills and broaden their education.
Children can act from good principle, as well as gentlemen and ladies.
Children can act out caring for pets.
Children can act out the parts.
Children can act out the story line with the beanies.
Children can act out word problems.
Children can act, give a puppet show or be captain of an outdoor paddleboat.
Children can actively become involved in the learning process and learn at their own pace.
Children can actually assist with meal preparations and do some meals by themselves.
Children can actually enter some of the buildings.
Children can actually make and color their own tops to add to the value of the toy.
Children can add a face with black crayon.
Children can add bits of pine needles, twigs, moss, dirt, straw and rocks.
Children can add buttons, nose, hat etc.
Children can add duck sounds to songs to create their own musical sound play.
Children can add eyes and faces to their spiders with the white crayon or chalk if they wish.
Children can add feet and color.
Children can add footprints later.
Children can add green and red tissue paper, or pine cones, or store bought ornaments.
Children can add moon or constellation with a paint brush or crayons.
Children can add raisins for the frogs.
Children can add stickers or twine, etc.
Children can add their family traditions to the list.
Children can add their own ideas to make each book special.
Children can add to a collection of ideas and discoveries about life in the UK yesterday and today.
Children can add to the story with their own personal experiences.
Children can adjust to changes if they understand what is happening and what they can count on.
Children can age an adult faster than ten years in prison.
Children can agree with, and believe, something without being aware that they believe it.
Children can air-dry items made from the play dough.
Children can all read books to earn prizes though the whole summer.
Children can also absorb and retain more on lead in proportion to their body weight.
Children can also act as the conductor.
Children can also add their own comments about their favorite books and print coloring pages.
Children can also analyze character development .
Children can also be direct victims of torture.
Children can also be slow, clumsy and messy.
Children can also become a Disaster Action Kid.
Children can also become fearful from some images and be troubled by nightmares.
Children can also become infected after playing in the soil and putting their hands in their mouth.
Children can also become injured during attacks on their mother.
Children can also begin memorizing Scripture from toddlerhood right through high school.
Children can also benefit from the parents understanding of learning disabilities.
Children can also benefit from warm, responsive relationships with child care providers.
Children can also borrow the costumes and conquer the estrade.
Children can also bring games in.
Children can also build various objects from assorted shapes without using glue.
Children can also build words in a nice printable dictionary activity.
Children can also burn their esophagus by swallowing chemical cleaners.
Children can also cause trouble when online.
Children can also change the border to reflect seasons and special times of the year.
Children can also choose from a variety of drawing tools to create their own masterpieces.
Children can also choose from a wide range of musical entertainment on a number of channels.
Children can also contact other children who stutter on the web.
Children can also contract oral herpes by using a parent's or sibling's toothbrush.
Children can also create their own naughty character and write a story about that character.
Children can also create their own stories or books about mathematics.
Children can also create their own stories.
Children can also customize the pennant by using their favorite team colors or their room colors.
Children can also decorate their own elephant in the Coloring Corner.
Children can also design special placemats to give as gifts or participate in the holidays.
Children can also design their own wrapping paper and special card to complete their special gift.
Children can also develop a short play about the family.
Children can also develop a temporary or transient arthritis after a viral illness.
Children can also develop cooperative play and sharing skills by working together to free the King.
Children can also dictate or write captions for each photograph.
Children can also do it while they are well-integrated into the family.
Children can also draw and write about their trip.
Children can also draw their own version from memory when they return.
Children can also drown in buckets, the toilet, or even the dog's water dish.
Children can also earn credit for memory verses learned.
Children can also enjoy a variety of sporting equipment.
Children can also enjoy and learn about wildlife through youth programs.
Children can also experience vomiting and diarrhea.
Children can also export creations to be used on a web page or as an attached email file.
Children can also express their ideas through drawings and the use of patterns and colour.
Children can also face the loss of a loved animal or pet.
Children can also find themselves in the role of caregiver.
Children can also get involved and send in their creations.
Children can also give feedback through the Kids Zone site to critique the page's contents.
Children can also give the gift of their kindness.
Children can also go online and talk to others around the world.
Children can also graph data on shapes and sizes.
Children can also have different allergies.
Children can also have fun riding the pirate ship that rocks back and forth.
Children can also have ugly shoes.
Children can also hear songs about shapes and numbers after they finish skywriting.
Children can also help raise money to fight diabetes.
Children can also help their parents remember to give the plows plenty of room on the road.
Children can also import their own photos and graphics for posting on their Web page.
Children can also include the drawings and dictations that they created following their walk.
Children can also interact by sending comments or suggestions through email.
Children can also introduce their old friends to new friends using e-mail.
Children can also learn a great deal about language by hearing parents and grandparents read aloud.
Children can also learn addition and subtraction.
Children can also learn from altar guild members how they set up communion.
Children can also learn fun and fascinating facts about fish and their ecosystems.
Children can also learn gardening, candle making and ceramics.
Children can also learn how to use chopsticks and make paper lanterns.
Children can also learn skills beyond food preparation in the kitchen.
Children can also learn some very important lessons about disabilities and helping others.
Children can also learn that there is a time limit for decisions.
Children can also learn to create shapes.
Children can also learn to help by caring for adults.
Children can also learn to make some simple bar charts of the data for different times of the day.
Children can also learn to read maps.
Children can also learn what food and beverages lead to healthy teeth.
Children can also learn what it takes to become an inventor.
Children can also listen to story tellers, and there is a drawing held, as well.
Children can also look at tombstones, noticing the different types of stones and engravings.
Children can also look for Web sites about authors and illustrators.
Children can also look forward to new jungle gyms.
Children can also look forward to special programmes at the kiddy's club.
Children can also make a kaleidoscope to take home as a souvenir.
Children can also make stuffy fish to put in the pond.
Children can also make their own cards to keep.
Children can also make unique cards and picture books.
Children can also make up skits and plays and invite other classes to performances.
Children can also match sounds to video and create stories using a soundboard.
Children can also mix the blue and white paints to create shades of blue.
Children can also offer examples from their own family life.
Children can also paint and decorate wooden ornaments.
Children can also participate in a never-ending online story.
Children can also participate in a recycling program.
Children can also participate in holiday and enrichment programs.
Children can also participate in swim lessons, free swim, and other extra-curricular activities.
Children can also participate, making it a great group activity.
Children can also pick up 'mixed messages'.
Children can also play in the water playground.
Children can also play the game using animals found in other environments.
Children can also print and color their houses.
Children can also print out each game after they've completed each level.
Children can also print posters, stickers and more.
Children can also provide a needed distraction from family tensions.
Children can also react to death in surprising and erratic ways.
Children can also read about African geography and African people.
Children can also realize the joy giving can add to their own lives.
Children can also reap the benefits of healthy dining.
Children can also receive a library card starting from birth.
Children can also receive required immunizations on-site.
Children can also receive unsolicited links to adult sites.
Children can also record their own custom sound effects.
Children can also record their own roars using an internal or external computer microphone.
Children can also relieve feelings of aggression by playing with dough, finger paint and hammering.
Children can also research and set up aquariums and terrariums or other habitats under study.
Children can also row if accompanied by a parent or guardian.
Children can also share a hand in the fun by decorating the pizza with the berries before serving.
Children can also sing along, karaoke-style, with the instrumental track.
Children can also sketch on vacations and at family reunions and gatherings.
Children can also slip out of the belt altogether and be ejected in a crash.
Children can also stamp letters or use the type option to write.
Children can also submit their own questions.
Children can also submit their own work.
Children can also suffer from fibromyalgia, though the incidence is low.
Children can also suffer from hay fever.
Children can also suffer from headaches.
Children can also suffer from mental illness.
Children can also take colostrum but require proportionately less.
Children can also test their skills at inflatable air hockey.
Children can also try to juggle scarves.
Children can also try to roll a ball through the hole in the center of the chute.
Children can also use a mini word processor to write stories on their own.
Children can also use the book for reference.
Children can also use the context of their own lives to learn to read.
Children can also use the enclosed magnetic letters to make words on the desktop.
Children can also use their fingers.
Children can also use their imagination as they rehearse plays and practice language skills.
Children can also use their monsters to retell the story without the book or create a new story.
Children can also use their teacher's electronic portfolio too house their own work.
Children can also use visualization to help their body to heal.
Children can also vary with respect to their cognitive and emotional maturity.
Children can also view their own reports in an individual, cumulative file.
Children can also visit with Santa and receive a special gift.
Children can also visit with Santa.
Children can also wear animal costumes and crawl through a giant spider web.
Children can also work together to make vegetable soup and create labels for their own soup cans.
Children can also write about their experiences.
Children can also write clues about their character to help other students guess who they are.
Children can also write their own ocean news articles.
Children can alternate the cheese strips on their muffins to make cheese-striped pizza.
Children can always call their local police station as well.
Children can and do adjust to divorce.
Children can and do bring their finds for quick positive identification.
Children can and do contribute in important ways to their family life.
Children can and do protect themselves from harm by developing and using their own resources.
Children can and do request the company of the ceramic pig for breakfast.
Children can and do seriously harm to, and even kill adults.
Children can and do use the Internet safely and responsibly.
Children can appear healthy despite having high levels of lead in their blood.
Children can apply for a library card at five years of age.
Children can apply logical thought to concrete objects and events.
Children can apply on paper or other appropriate objects by spraying.
Children can apply the basic ratio knowledge learned from source to solve target problems.
Children can appreciate and internalize great art.
Children can approach the mower unexpectedly and slip and fall under the mower deck.
Children can arrange jigsaw puzzle pieces so that they form a Noah's Ark picture.
Children can arrive at the shelters anytime day or night.
Children can arrive dressed up as their favorite saint, or can dress up when they arrive.
Children can ask members of their family to fill in their daily timetable, or enter their own.
Children can ask questions beyond their own depth.
Children can ask questions on any subject, academic or otherwise.
Children can ask questions using natural language.
Children can assemble jigsaw puzzles, create storybooks, and listen to music.
Children can assemble stills with captions on a page for reinforcement and culmination.
Children can attach the boxes using duct tape or just place boxes together.
Children can attach the colored tent to the corresponding color word.
Children can attend a full or half day.
Children can attend all sessions or be selective based on their personal schedules.
Children can attend camp for part of the day or the entire day.
Children can attend five days a week by combining classes.
Children can attend four or five days a week by combining classes.
Children can attend the county's two charter schools for free.
Children can attend the school to experience the ways of times past.
Children can attend two mornings or afternoons a week for an affordable tuition.
Children can attend two, three or five days either full time or part time.
Children can attend weekly for full or half days.
Children can attend without too much hassle.
Children can awaken for other reasons.
Children can bathe or swim together and thus see each other.
Children can be a challenge.
Children can be a delight.
Children can be a detriment to a good night's sleep and a catalyst for sleep-related problems.
Children can be a force for peace out of proportion to their years.
Children can be a gift to a worshipping community.
Children can be a great help in getting studies started.
Children can be a great joy.
Children can be a great source of neighbourhood goings-on.
Children can be a lot of fun for gift giving.
Children can be a source of enjoyment, but can also add stress to a marriage.
Children can be adventurous and do have accidents.
Children can be always photogenic and the perfect subject.
Children can be an important element in convicting domestic abusers.
Children can be angels or devils, depending on the kind of nurturing they receive from others.
Children can be asymptomatic transmitters of the disease.
Children can be at risk in a number of ways.
Children can be at risk when the chair is in the reclined position.
Children can be awfully cruel and a fat child is often the butt of jokes.
Children can be believers.
Children can be butterfly wranglers for a day and feed the butterflies.
Children can be candid, trusting and sometimes embarrassingly honest.
Children can be capable learners when material is broken down into smaller bites.
Children can be children now without having to worry about working twenty hour days.
Children can be completely asymptomatic across a wide range of blood lead levels.
Children can be contagious one week before the rash appears.
Children can be creative and make up their own rules for playing.
Children can be cruel and treat a new student as an outcast.
Children can be cruel in many situations.
Children can be cruel.
Children can be either a blessing or a curse to a pet.
Children can be emotionally and psychologically crippled by a consistent pattern of emotional abuse.
Children can be enthusiastic and sometimes rough with dogs.
Children can be especially susceptible to the dangers associated with winter weather.
Children can be especially vulnerable to tragedies.
Children can be especially vulnerable.
Children can be exceedingly cruel.
Children can be extremely curious and amazingly fast at getting into medication bottles.
Children can be fearful about death and the future.
Children can be good theives.
Children can be helpful by learning to take on increased responsibilities.
Children can be heroes.
Children can be honest in a cruel way.
Children can be hyperactive, moody and restless with lots of tantrums over minor problems.
Children can be in charge of their speech therapy.
Children can be infectious for a longer period.
Children can be mad about all the changes.
Children can be manipulative.
Children can be massaged and stroked.
Children can be monitors if accompanied by adults.
Children can be noisy and distracting to someone interested in looking at a home.
Children can be persistent in asking for presents.
Children can be perverse.
Children can be quite awful creatures.
Children can be quite cruel sometimes.
Children can be relentless in addressing their urgent needs.
Children can be responsible for their own learning.
Children can be responsible for world changes, too.
Children can be responsible self-managers.
Children can be rough with glasses and plastic lenses scratch easily.
Children can be self-centered.
Children can be short for many different reasons.
Children can be slow for various reasons.
Children can be so cruel sometimes, especially when they want to look cool.
Children can be so cruel.
Children can be so forthright.
Children can be so reasonable .
Children can be stunningly cruel.
Children can be suggestable and a picture is worth a thousand words.
Children can be sympathetic and understanding about such feelings.
Children can be that glimmer.
Children can be the center of our world.
Children can be the warmest, most loving and sensitive creatures on Earth.
Children can be their own worst enemies.
Children can be themselves.
Children can be tired or unsteady when trying to walk after experiencing a seizure.
Children can be too shy, too weak, too stubborn, too loud, and so on.
Children can be very accepting of reality.
Children can be very creative and often have wonderful ideas.
Children can be very cruel.
Children can be very different from each other.
Children can be very rough with toys.
Children can be very self-centered.
Children can be very sensitive to anything hidden.
Children can be very susceptible to winter weather dangers.
Children can be vicious.
Children can be victims of a wide range of criminal actions.
Children can be, and are, extraordinarily creative in their coping mechanisms.
Children can beat egg and milk together.
Children can beat out the rhythm or move to the music.
Children can become a divorce's unseen and unheard victims.
Children can become addicted to praise which can lead to feelings of insecurity.
Children can become alienated, isolated, and fearful.
Children can become angry and unhappy if they have to wait too long for a chance to play with toys.
Children can become aware of their own valuable contributions to their school, family and community.
Children can become bored quickly with toys, so check with friends and swap toys.
Children can become bored with playing on equipment as it was intended to be used.
Children can become cold or warm more quickly than adults.
Children can become confused and imitate the characters they see on television.
Children can become dependent on alcohol within four months, whereas adults take two to four years.
Children can become dependent on caffeine, the magazine warns.
Children can become dependent on caffeine.
Children can become entangled and strangle if the drawstrings catch on objects.
Children can become entangled and strangle in the strap.
Children can become entangled in cords and strangle.
Children can become entrapped or wedged in the bed s structure and suffocate.
Children can become ill quickly and intensely and also recover rapidly.
Children can become ill suddenly.
Children can become infected playing near cat litter trays etc.
Children can become restless and disturb others, especially a classmate giving a speech.
Children can become sedentary, becoming the proverbial couch potato.
Children can become sick quickly.
Children can become successful bilinguals.
Children can become trapped in the chests and suffocate.
Children can become very ill if they become too warm.
Children can become very sick if they eat paint chips.
Children can become very unwell, with cough and high temperature.
Children can begin an instrument as early as age three.
Children can begin at around eight years of age.
Children can begin dancing as soon as they can walk.
Children can begin developing headaches as early as age three.
Children can begin getting vaccinations at birth.
Children can begin practicing observation drawing beginning in grade one and younger.
Children can begin puberty as early as third grade or as late as high school.
Children can begin swim lessons at age four.
Children can begin the program at any time during the school year if there is an opening.
Children can begin to become more creative in the presentation of their research.
Children can begin to comprehend the rudiments of geometry with string by being measured themselves.
Children can begin to feel insecure after the arrival of a new sibling .
Children can begin to learn sensitivity and unselfishness at a very young age.
Children can begin to understand how many things they have in common with one another.
Children can begin to use the library for information to support projects.
Children can benefit emotionally and socially from the Internet as well.
Children can benefit from being introduced to the style of opera before attending a presentation.
Children can benefit from bereavement groups.
Children can benefit from early intervention, reducing pain and dysfunction later in life.
Children can benefit from having their teeth polished.
Children can benefit from short periods of time observing videos that are well-produced.
Children can benefit from television viewing if they are taught to think about what they see.
Children can benefit in many ways from listening to the story tellers within their own families.
Children can best develop self esteem in a climate where individual differences are appreciated.
Children can better appreciate their own unique gifts and roles in life.
Children can bicycle, rollerblade or skateboard safely away from traffic.
Children can bite all they want.
Children can blend colors as they squish with the baggie with their fingers.
Children can borrow books or magazines.
Children can bounce a ball and run, but it is difficult to do both at the same time.
Children can bounce back after a loss, but only with help.
Children can bring a small amount of their own spending money if they desire.
Children can bring a special challenge and opportunity.
Children can bring blankets and pillows or wear pajamas for the program.
Children can bring forward angelic qualities in their eyes and in their face.
Children can bring great joy to an older person, but their energy level can be fatiguing.
Children can bring hope, love, and fulfillment to a family.
Children can bring in their favourite photos, books and treasures to show their friends.
Children can bring lunch and money for rides, snacks, etc.
Children can bring much energy and enthusiasm into the lives of seniors.
Children can bring their lunch and eat with their friends.
Children can bring their own dog or a dog can be borrowed.
Children can bring their own lunch or buy a lunch at the park.
Children can build a menorah using whatever materials they want.
Children can build a model of one of the homes if desired.
Children can build big, be innovative, and expand their dexterity and imagination.
Children can build skills such as counting, telling time and problem solving.
Children can build structures using virtual blocks and then enter the structures created.
Children can build the featured layout or add on to create imaginative new railway designs.
Children can build their capacity for responsible and successful adulthood.
Children can build their own wooden boat from provided hulls, masts and sails.
Children can build words, write sentences, work on focused grammar tasks or create a talking book.
Children can call a special number to hear a new story read each week.
Children can call upon widespread experiences and vast knowledge.
Children can capture the animals with butterfly nets.
Children can careen around the sprawling space, ambling from column to column like little pinballs.
Children can carve pumpkins or have their faces painted, as well as being entertained by clowns.
Children can cast animal figures in tin just like in the old days.
Children can catch as many as ten colds each year and adults two or three.
Children can catch chicken pox from an elderly relative with shingles.
Children can catch toxoplasmosis by playing in sandboxes where cats have defecated.
Children can cause their own rivalry without any input from parents.
Children can cause trouble.
Children can cause worry.
Children can certainly be on medication if the benefits outweigh the risks.
Children can certainly benefit when they learn how to communicate with non-nudist friends.
Children can change the dolls' seven expressions and learn about feelings.
Children can change the speed of the program or switch off the sound.
Children can check in and out of a site on their own.
Children can check their guesses at the computer.
Children can choke on leftover food or be exposed to alcohol or tobacco.
Children can choke on some pretty unlikely things.
Children can choke or cut their mouths on ornaments, ornament hangers or tinsel.
Children can choke or suffocate on uninflated or broken latex balloons.
Children can choose a feature to include - map, calligram, sequence for example.
Children can choose a story situation and a friend to share the story with.
Children can choose between showing meat wethers or fiber animals.
Children can choose from a variety of classes when they come to camp.
Children can choose from a variety of materials and activity areas of their own interest.
Children can choose one to complete orally or in writing.
Children can choose their favorite recipes or get some ideas off the Web.
Children can choose their favorite songs by placing the card in a card holder on our chalkboard.
Children can choose their grade level and then the game they wish to play.
Children can choose their own pictures to color online.
Children can choose their own religion.
Children can choose to add background music by clicking on the gramophone icon.
Children can choose to answer the questions, or simply listen and learn.
Children can choose to be competitive or just for fun and exercise.
Children can choose to become members when they grow up, or they can choose to leave.
Children can choose to have stories read or to play on the play pages.
Children can choose to join a music, dance, drama or s inging group.
Children can choose to live with the parent who has more money.
Children can choose to participate in our hot lunch program or bring their own lunches from home.
Children can choose to print cards using a color printer.
Children can choose to work on either a problem theme or a specific study site.
Children can choose to write their own messages or choose from a list of ready-made messages.
Children can choose which level they want to play by selecting the appropriate honey pot.
Children can circle which weighs more or less.
Children can classify and organize objectsbased on several characteristics.
Children can classify and sort three-dimensional shapes according to various attributes.
Children can click for more information.
Children can click on pictures, read stories, and learn about how special they really are.
Children can climb inside and suffocate.
Children can climb on it, over it or through it.
Children can climb on moon crawlers, steamrollers, submarines, and trains.
Children can climb the ladder straight to the top and look out.
Children can climb.
Children can collaborate to create stories on-line.
Children can collect eggs from the nests.
Children can collect mushrooms and collectables, as well as flowers for stew making.
Children can collect objects on a nature walk.
Children can collect shells along the seashore and often encounter large horseshoe crabs.
Children can collect snow and look at crystals with a magnifying glass.
Children can color and read many Bible stories.
Children can color or draw pictures.
Children can color the event portrayed and read about it on the back of the picture.
Children can color the pictures and work through the activities at home or in school.
Children can color the whimsical illustrations in the book.
Children can color, cut and paste their blueprint designs.
Children can colour in class.
Children can colour, cut out and attach sticks to make their own puppets.
Children can come dressed in costume for a contest.
Children can come dressed in their pajamas, with blankets or sleeping bags.
Children can come easily confused.
Children can come for one, two or all of the weeks.
Children can come if accompanied by an adult.
Children can come in and create their own puppet shows at any time.
Children can come in costume.
Children can come into the library anytime during the day to check out books or search information.
Children can come out and play, and the lots are clean.
Children can come too and play together.
Children can command the computer with their voices and record and listen to themselves reading.
Children can command the computer with their voices in certain activities.
Children can commit to one activity r all five clubs.
Children can communicate about music that they have experienced at a local festival.
Children can communicate and surf on the net from classroom to over the world.
Children can communicate their ideas to each other naturally.
Children can communicate with students in other scho ols, and even their own parents via e-mail.
Children can compare and categorize their rocks according to color, weight, size, texture, etc.
Children can compare and contrast their own families.
Children can compare and order events using heartbeats, hand clapping and hopping.
Children can compare the growth rates of various crystals, and graph their results.
Children can compare the monsters in the story, or the monsters they made.
Children can compare their growth stages with that of a polar bear cub.
Children can compete at many levels, from varsity to junior varsity to modified.
Children can compete in our quiz to win a slate prize.
Children can complain of swollen glands in the front of the neck under the jaw.
Children can compose and record their own songs.
Children can concentrate without constant distractions.
Children can consent.
Children can construct complicated series of docks, locks and channels.
Children can contact experts beyond the classroom with questions for their research.
Children can contact the parish office for more information.
Children can continue their schooling during hospitalization.
Children can continue to make paper curls until the wreath is covered.
Children can continue to progress and be challenged because activities are open ended.
Children can contribute their own pictures, stories, music, and letters.
Children can contribute their own reviews or read what other kids think.
Children can contribute to the expansion and enrichment of family life also.
Children can control a porpoise jumping through hoops or hunt for bats in a cave.
Children can control the pace and activity and make things happen on computers.
Children can cooperate or compete to see who can find all the items on the lists.
Children can cope through tears or tantrums or by retreating from unpleasant situations.
Children can cope with stress through tears or tantrums or by retreating from unpleasant situations.
Children can cope with the reality of life when they are lovingly supported in doing so.
Children can copy shapes or move one another into shapes.
Children can copy the tips from the original safety tip list created at the start of the activity.
Children can count on getting the money.
Children can count on receiving it and can plan for using it.
Children can count the letters in their name, and play games with a partner.
Children can count the ones they see.
Children can crawl through the cave or hang like a bat.
Children can crawl, lie on, jump into and play around the art itself.
Children can create a cover from poster board or colorful construction paper.
Children can create a grain collage or a buttermilk picture.
Children can create a moving and talking picture very quickly.
Children can create a variety of different designs.
Children can create and develop their own special place.
Children can create and personalize stories, letters, and more.
Children can create beef recipes and play fun games .
Children can create dances and drawings or paintings while listening to music.
Children can create fanciful spiders by putting the pipe cleaner legs an the spider's body.
Children can create groupings of their own objects according to size, color, and shape.
Children can create imaginary relatives or draw their own relatives.
Children can create library cards and take turns being the nature librarian.
Children can create movement cards using the large shapes.
Children can create snow people and snow creatures.
Children can create the animals for each environment.
Children can create their own bookmarkers or decorations.
Children can create their own colorful patterns when replacing the blocks in the cart.
Children can create their own designs by mixing and matching the parts.
Children can create their own forms of transportation using recycled materials.
Children can create their own galleries while visiting any on-line museum.
Children can create their own masterpiece using different forms of shapes.
Children can create their own multi-media presentations using the notebook.
Children can create their own picture and frame to hang on the wall.
Children can create their own players, as well, choosing their appearance, ability and name.
Children can create their own poems about food.
Children can create their own talking books using real speech.
Children can create windmills.
Children can create, make and take craft items.
Children can critically interpret multiple forms of visual expression through the use of language.
Children can cross the small moat on bridges.
Children can crush several chocolate cookies in a zip-lock bag.
Children can customize the way the site is set up.
Children can cut each biscuit into quarters using a plastic knife.
Children can cut figures from magazines to make their own visual stories.
Children can cut out articles from the newspapers and write notes, suggesting their ideas.
Children can cut out feathers from colored paper.
Children can cut out their fish for use in the activity below.
Children can cut out their own crosses.
Children can cut the star out and peel off the backing to stick on their badge.
Children can cycle through the numbers sequentially or randomly.
Children can dart into the street from between cars or in front of the stopped school bus.
Children can dart into traffic in a split second as they hurry to get where they're going.
Children can deal with a move if they are dealt with honestly.
Children can decide how to make models of the pyramids.
Children can decide on the distance.
Children can decide where and what to eat, or how to lay out family sleeping bags in the shelter.
Children can decorate a pot and plant a flower to take home as a gift for their mother.
Children can decorate cardboard tubes then glue construction paper strips and yarn to one end.
Children can decorate greeting cards using a selection of character images, objects and fonts.
Children can decorate individual squares that adults sew together.
Children can decorate or illustrate their signs.
Children can decorate plain paper bags with markers to use as their party favor bag.
Children can decorate pumpkins and get temporary tattoos.
Children can decorate the chests for an art project.
Children can decorate the paper plate any way they wish.
Children can decorate their bikes in a festive manner.
Children can decorate their boxes with hearts, glitter, and glue.
Children can decorate their eggs with funny faces.
Children can decorate with stickers, sequins, glitter, etc.
Children can defibrilate .
Children can dehydrate easily with their increased activity.
Children can deliver letters to mailboxes located through the museum.
Children can demonstrate classroom procedures and rules, as well as display needed supplies.
Children can demonstrate how to navigate on the Internet.
Children can demonstrtate issues with transitioning to new environments.
Children can deposit any amount into the account.
Children can describe their finished work to their classmates.
Children can describe what they are good at and, if possible, perform their special skills.
Children can design a book jacket to reflect the main idea of the book.
Children can design a wacky car, then print it out.
Children can design and make a postcard in which they depict a scene in their National Park.
Children can design and make their own picture, or their own candle out of beeswax.
Children can design and make themselves.
Children can design and print out their own custom labels.
Children can design the home page for their bunk or their baseball teams.
Children can design their own kinara.
Children can design their own nightmares using paper plates, wiggly eyes, and collage materials.
Children can destroy the product if in their reach.
Children can detect that instantly.
Children can determine how they want to give and receive feedback.
Children can determine themselves the calculation process step by step.
Children can develop a dental problem called baby bottle tooth decay.
Children can develop a fever for many reasons.
Children can develop a sense for order while reading comic strips.
Children can develop a strong self image through reading.
Children can develop intellectual autonomy only when all ideas, including wrong ones, are respected.
Children can develop long-term medical and developmental problems from such neglect.
Children can develop overuse injuries.
Children can develop poor self-esteem, emotional and social problems.
Children can develop rickets or defective bone growth.
Children can develop self discipline as they learn to practice and work towards a goal.
Children can develop serious secondary infections from the measles.
Children can develop shingles but do so less often than adults.
Children can develop some capital to assist their education, buy a home or to enter the business.
Children can develop wonderful relationships with their cat.
Children can die from the senseless act of disregarding a car manufacturers warning.
Children can dig down deep and see who lurks there in the hidden homes of burrowing creatures.
Children can dip in paint and stamp on paper.
Children can dip in paint and then press onto paper to make art.
Children can disappear from view and drown at the beach in only a few seconds.
Children can discover a wealth of information on animals at the touch of their fingertips.
Children can discover the biggest, the smallest, which snakes rattle and which snakes hiss.
Children can discover the hidden treasures of a mock geological dig site.
Children can discover their own roots, and explore local heritage with their parents too.
Children can discover through sound, animation and interactive learning.
Children can discuss a novel by participating in the above activities in heterogeneous groups.
Children can discuss and share traditions of their origins.
Children can discuss the characters they have chosen and how they developed their disguises.
Children can discuss the items and their uses.
Children can display and share their art work, writings, and music with friends around the world.
Children can disrupt the family for so many reasons.
Children can do a mural of the sea as a group project.
Children can do a virtual dive in a semi submersible submarine.
Children can do additional tasks to earn money for their spending plans.
Children can do laundry.
Children can do more walking or bicycling like they do in China.
Children can do real science by asking simple 'what if questions' that can be tested.
Children can do real science by asking simple 'what it questions' that can be tested.
Children can do remarkable things when they get together.
Children can do reports on it.
Children can do self portraits in a variety of art media.
Children can do that just by looking.
Children can do that.
Children can do the mixing with some supervision.
Children can do the programming easily themselves and try to anticipate the calculator display.
Children can do their best only if they are healthy.
Children can do well either way.
Children can download educational video in real time.
Children can download video in real time on nearly any subject.
Children can draw a face with markers, then parents can do the cutting.
Children can draw a picture or express their feelings in words.
Children can draw a snow scene on a piece of dark construction paper with a light colored crayon.
Children can draw an underground map showing a route from their home to the library.
Children can draw and color a picture of their favorite feather.
Children can draw on features.
Children can draw or color pictures to be placed at the bedside or choose a small toy to send.
Children can draw or paste pictures to illustrate some of the words.
Children can draw or take jot-notes on their findings.
Children can draw or write on the corrugated plastic side panels.
Children can draw pictures in the book to accompany the text.
Children can draw pictures of Bible characters or patriotic themes.
Children can draw pictures of important issues and dictate their letters.
Children can draw pictures of themselves playing games with their friends.
Children can draw pictures, color clip art and cut out pictures from magazines for illustration.
Children can draw self-portraits next to their names.
Children can draw the feathers on with a brown marker.
Children can draw their own pictures, or color in pre-outlined ones.
Children can draw their pilgrims on the paper bag using pencil.
Children can draw with a fair degree of realism that continues to improve with practice.
Children can draw with more and more colors as they ride.
Children can draw, cut, or make a collage of stars.
Children can draw, write or cut and paste pictures and words with the same blend.
Children can drop in for various activities while parents shop.
Children can drop out of school or run away.
Children can drown in a matter of minutes.
Children can drown in amount of water and most drown in a family or friend's swimming pool.
Children can drown in as little as a few inches of water.
Children can drown in as little as one inch of water in a matter of seconds.
Children can drown in as little as one inch of water.
Children can drown in just a few minutes.
Children can drown in less than an inch of water.
Children can drown in less than two inches of water.
Children can drown in mere moments, often without a struggle and making any sound.
Children can drown in one inch of water.
Children can drown in spas, toilets, buckets, or even a dog s water dish.
Children can drown in the time it takes to make a sandwich or even answer the phone.
Children can drown quickly and silently in a small amount of water.
Children can drown quickly.
Children can earn money by doing chores around the house, etc.
Children can earn money in a variety of ways.
Children can earn more money in a day than their parents can earn in a month from working.
Children can earn more than one Bible memory badge.
Children can earn overtime or rewards by doing certain tasks.
Children can easily become angry at one another for a number of reasons.
Children can easily become fearful when hearing stories about kidnappings, school shootings, etc.
Children can easily detect false praise.
Children can easily direct their own learning by running the modules themselves.
Children can easily follow stage directions due to the simple format.
Children can easily identify tools in the home or workplace.
Children can easily infect the entire family through the bathtub, toilet seat, and bedclothes.
Children can easily inhale and choke on water.
Children can easily make log cabins and other structures from the tiny wooden logs.
Children can easily move from topic to topic as they please.
Children can easily navigate throughout the site safely and have fun learning.
Children can easily print out their creations for display upon the refrigerator.
Children can easily reach toilet and sink.
Children can easily relate and respond to the stories, questions, and everyday happenings.
Children can easily relate to the loving critter character who gets lost in a shopping mall.
Children can easily save, load or exit Putt-Putt Saves the Zoo by using quick keyboard commands.
Children can easily share ideas, discuss what is going on, and help each other.
Children can easily spread the flu virus.
Children can easily tell if their parents are afraid of needles and injections.
Children can easily understand and relate with the life situations depicted in the illustrations.
Children can eat for free.
Children can eat penguin.
Children can eat poisons in seconds.
Children can eat smaller amounts of seafood, too.
Children can eat their penguin.
Children can edit much more easily on a computer.
Children can educate themselves through surfing the net and talking to experts.
Children can either develop a sense of competence and independence or deep shame.
Children can either make gifts, choose gifts, or perform as a gift from a very early age.
Children can either pick out a color and name it before putting on the tree.
Children can either re-tell the story or sing the rhyme.
Children can email Santa and choose toys from the online toybox to send with their wish list.
Children can engage in projects that are appropriately challenging for their developmental level.
Children can enjoy a big circus that is located in the center of the city.
Children can enjoy a bounce house.
Children can enjoy a day at the park, beach, wildlife preserve, or the fire station.
Children can enjoy a desert picnic, make a loose tunic, eat goat cheese and more.
Children can enjoy a miniature train ride around the park.
Children can enjoy a petting zoo, pony rides and kid's bounce.
Children can enjoy a variety of books, recordings and services.
Children can enjoy a variety of games and create documents for schoolwork.
Children can enjoy a variety of story time programs and there are also programs for adults.
Children can enjoy a variety of waterfowl, pot-bellied pigs, rabbits, and other pets.
Children can enjoy a well equipped play area.
Children can enjoy activities like face painting and storytelling.
Children can enjoy an Easter-egg roll and a display of Ukrainian decorated eggs.
Children can enjoy and excel in math competitions, essay contests and spelling bees.
Children can enjoy appropriate toys, music, videos and nutritious snacks.
Children can enjoy being with other children.
Children can enjoy crafts and sports such as basketball and boxing.
Children can enjoy drawing on asphalt.
Children can enjoy face painting and balloons.
Children can enjoy fishing in the pond near the marina.
Children can enjoy fun activities while health care teams oversee diabetes management.
Children can enjoy games, prizes and crafts.
Children can enjoy games, rides, displays, food and music.
Children can enjoy hands-on art experiences, science experiments, clowns and face painting.
Children can enjoy instrumental music and adult songs of any type.
Children can enjoy making disposable, temporary birdfeeders by attaching a wire to a large pinecone.
Children can enjoy pony rides in season.
Children can enjoy pony rides, a petting zoo, and a jolly jumper all day.
Children can enjoy reading through telling jokes .
Children can enjoy snowshoeing, a snowboard outing or a winter survival course.
Children can enjoy special treats while learning the importance of balance and moderation.
Children can enjoy the adventure playground and rides and visit the wildfowl reserve.
Children can enjoy the buffet at discounted prices.
Children can enjoy the easy access to the variety of playground equipment.
Children can enjoy the extensive playground, where they can release their energy in safety.
Children can enjoy the fun of costumes and festivities with the help of parents' preparation.
Children can enjoy the many thrilling rides or the video games.
Children can enjoy the playground area located beside the picnic pavilions .
Children can enjoy the playground, pony, donkeys, dogs and cats.
Children can enjoy the rides.
Children can enjoy the scaled down rides at the kiddie area.
Children can enjoy the thrill of weekend organized ski racing with other ski area in the state.
Children can enjoy the use of the children's pool and playroom.
Children can enjoy the wading pool and playground.
Children can enjoy their own pool and playground.
Children can enjoy themselves while learning in a relaxed atmosphere.
Children can enjoy tumbling, ping pong, crafts, boxing and game room activities.
Children can enroll for individual one-week sessions.
Children can enroll for two, three or five day programs.
Children can enter a special clam-digging contest, to sift through the sand for prizes.
Children can enter as often as they wish.
Children can enter at any time during the year.
Children can enter the refrigerator and suffocate.
Children can enter through a door in the whale's side.
Children can even charge with a credit card and scan groceries with a bar code scanner.
Children can even create their own layouts for others to explore.
Children can even deviate from the story to look around and join up again where they left off.
Children can even divorce their parents and parents can divorce each other at the drop of a hat.
Children can even have a go at hanging upside-down like a bat.
Children can even have their own copies on paper.
Children can even help with the planting.
Children can even listen to some of the sounds that bugs make.
Children can even make drawings to preserve the ideas that emerged from the block play.
Children can even own cars.
Children can even plant their own flower to take home.
Children can even practice their skills at grinding spices in the cast iron spice grinder.
Children can even print personalized phone books.
Children can even publish their own works.
Children can even read a book online.
Children can even record their own voices and hear themselves narrate their story.
Children can even send in poems and stories about their dogs.
Children can even sign the chart noting that they understand the rules they are to follow.
Children can even visit science museums, where virtual exhibits are waiting.
Children can examine feathers, nests, binoculars, or bird study guides .
Children can excel when they learn from their mistakes .
Children can exhibit several symptoms.
Children can expect one-two hour delays in recieving thier gifts.
Children can expect to be removed from an event if their behavior is unacceptable.
Children can expect to find desired items in a stable location.
Children can experience circus arts under the supervision of circus artists and instructors.
Children can experience excitability, which is just the opposite of drowsiness seen in adults.
Children can experience extreme sedation, respiratory depression and hypotension.
Children can experience first hand various locations where rocks and minerals are formed.
Children can experience giving in a variety of ways.
Children can experience hands-on exhibits.
Children can experience hands-on pioneer crafts and be entertained by local clowns.
Children can experience live performances and interact with real artists.
Children can experience many of the same symptoms related to computer use as adults.
Children can experience sailing in a safe and controlled environment.
Children can experience success and build developmental assets.
Children can experience the art of cooking with the realistic boiling effect of the pans.
Children can experience the birthing process other ways and enjoy it more.
Children can explain their own theories and how they understand concepts.
Children can explain what are the benefits for using the Internet.
Children can explain what are the rules for on-line safety.
Children can explore a story independently or with their peers.
Children can explore according to their interests.
Children can explore and develop their own styles and interests in the realm of visual arts.
Children can explore and learn through a variety of materials and experiences.
Children can explore and post their own questions and get help from others all over the world.
Children can explore art, plants, animals, science, and their environment.
Children can explore at their own pace.
Children can explore everything from the texture of an elephant tusk to an arrowhead.
Children can explore experiments, activities and Web sites all related to science.
Children can explore farm settings using computer software programs.
Children can explore how scanning works.
Children can explore human relationships, story lines, and environments.
Children can explore materials by handling and manipulation.
Children can explore our giant climbing tree for a close look at the canopy and who lives there.
Children can explore the arts and crafts of Poland, Korea, Switzerland and Finland.
Children can explore the castle and solve problems as they uncover secrets and surprises.
Children can explore the castles and talk to inhabitants.
Children can explore the different options available.
Children can explore the haunted house or play games set up by various student organizations.
Children can explore the information in two ways.
Children can explore the nearby beach.
Children can explore the rhyming and repetition.
Children can explore the tide pools on the lava shore and there is a small sandy beach.
Children can explore the world interactively using the World Atlas.
Children can explore, read and have fun with the four beloved bears.
Children can express anxiety in many ways.
Children can express their individuality while learning skills at the same time.
Children can express their own opinions.
Children can express their thoughts and feeling through creative movement in the classroom.
Children can express themselves in other ways than with words.
Children can express themselves through three-dimensional images.
Children can express themselves with remarkable feeling and clarity.
Children can face increased health risks when they immigrate.
Children can fall and become trapped beneath the cover.
Children can fall and get caught when they run, walk, sit or play on moving escalators.
Children can fall apart when fatigued.
Children can fall into two categories of implicit theorizing.
Children can fall out under the net and off the trampoline and be injured.
Children can fall victim to peer pressure and begin drinking.
Children can fax jokes, report cards, drawings etc. to their grandparents and vice versa.
Children can feed and pet the animals .
Children can feed and pet the animals.
Children can feed and touch the animals.
Children can feed hungry goats and search for chicken eggs under nesting hens.
Children can feed the ducks and geese.
Children can feed the ducks while their parents hunt for antiques and other country delights.
Children can feed the nearby deer, llamas and goats or play on the extensive playground equipment.
Children can feel embarrassed or criticized when their fears are minimized.
Children can feel empowered if given a choice from which they can choose.
Children can feel guilt at any age.
Children can feel like they are watching a sophisticated, adult adventure.
Children can feel lonely and abandoned in a strange place, especially when they're facing surgery.
Children can feel powerful when they turn it off.
Children can feel pressure to conform to a parent's hopes and expectations.
Children can feel that they are losing their privacy.
Children can feel the weight of real chainmail and help the costumed guides get ready for battle.
Children can feel uncared for while waiting alone.
Children can fill a reusable storage bag or small tote bag with toys or snacks.
Children can fill in the missing words, sequence the sentences and illustrate the story.
Children can fill their pouches with treasures they find in the play yard.
Children can find a sanctuary, place to play, and learn about ecology and working with others.
Children can find all kinds of trouble in the safety of their own homes.
Children can find an abundance of other words on each page that start with the indicated letters.
Children can find happiness much easier than adults.
Children can find information instantly with the click of a mouse.
Children can find out what to do in two ways, both with some limitations.
Children can find penpals or visit villages.
Children can find pictures and learn Spanish while they are listening.
Children can find programming any day of the week, too.
Children can find that their peer society is even less forgiving of differences than the adult.
Children can find the chips that match the ones on the board.
Children can find ways to learn about their ancestors.
Children can first try making rhymes by blending a single onset to a variety of words.
Children can flourish in different types of families.
Children can focus attention and take time to search for needed information.
Children can focus on tasks for a longer period of time.
Children can focus up close without eye strain better than adults.
Children can follow along, they love it.
Children can follow the reader, read with the reader or read the books on their own.
Children can follow the tracks and link to more information for homework help.
Children can follow their own paths to lifetime fitness by exercising for fun and at their own pace.
Children can forget to eat or can choke.
Children can form groups of four to include the role of time- keeper as the next step.
Children can form more than one attachment.
Children can freely access the computers as they choose.
Children can frost a vanilla cookie with the red frosting.
Children can gain admission by donating a can of food.
Children can gain social skills, find new interests, and improve upon their abilities.
Children can garden, learn about conservation and explore the recycling area.
Children can gather material from home that can be recycled into art forms in the classroom.
Children can gather oral histories from family members.
Children can gather small stones, sticks, acorns.
Children can generally eat it if all else fails.
Children can generally return to school or day care when all the blisters have scabbed over.
Children can get a close-up view of crabs and eels in touch tanks.
Children can get a little or a lot of help through special education.
Children can get a sunburn even on cloudy days.
Children can get a wide range of preventive health care services.
Children can get additional information from a local pet store owner or from the humane society.
Children can get better with numbers here by practicing, over and over.
Children can get bored easily and lose interest in an activity quickly.
Children can get confused, as they try on and play with words like costumes.
Children can get depressed.
Children can get diarrhea just as easily as their parents.
Children can get far more benefits from the Internet than problems.
Children can get fibromyalgia.
Children can get gum disease and teens can develop periodontal disease.
Children can get in the most contorted positions as they work or play at their desk.
Children can get into big trouble if they disobey the law.
Children can get it.
Children can get malaria by being bitten by a female mosquito carrying the malaria organism.
Children can get over stimulated, anxious or depressed.
Children can get periodontitis as well.
Children can get plenty of exercise without struggling against each other.
Children can get protein from eggs, dairy, soy products, nuts, legumes, grains and cereals.
Children can get scared by being that out of control.
Children can get shots after the age of two.
Children can get the impression that their parents never do anything wrong.
Children can get their face painted and feel objects in the mystery boxes.
Children can get their face painted and participate in heritage crafts.
Children can get their feelings out by drawing, playing, and making up stories.
Children can get their own library cards and use all of the library's services.
Children can get their own library cards.
Children can get their picture taken with a fire truck, police car, or race car.
Children can get upset when they lose, make an error, or miss an easy volley.
Children can give assent.
Children can give immense joy to prisoners and their families by sending drawings and cards.
Children can give of their trust and friendship in a way that few adults can.
Children can glue muffin cup liners to paper, add stems and leaves using construction paper.
Children can glue poem onto construction paper and then color the paper.
Children can glue their photographs and colored paper swatches onto a sheet of oaktag.
Children can glue their seeds to posterboard or cardboard.
Children can go along to their own book events.
Children can go back to school after seven days or so, if they're careful about playground activity.
Children can go from being outgoing individuals to cautious and socially withdrawn.
Children can go from classrooms directly to their assigned playground areas.
Children can go from one station to the next at their own pace.
Children can go home again, back to places where things are small enough to makes sense.
Children can go kayaking or parasailing, take a descent on a submarine or go sailing.
Children can go there to learn about animals, how to grow food and to hear folk stories and music.
Children can go to any place on the Internet by simply clicking the mouse.
Children can go to playgrounds unescorted and feel safe in school.
Children can go to school and study history and how plants grow.
Children can go to very great lengths to hide from adults the fact that they are being bullied.
Children can go too.
Children can go.
Children can gobble up the goodies after the completion of each activity.
Children can graduate in one full day.
Children can graph and understand plant growth, classify and compare it, and harvest food.
Children can graph their answers to see which magnet is the strongest.
Children can graph, sort and classify the animals.
Children can grow in their ability to face other difficult experiences in life.
Children can guess the meaning of words.
Children can guess vowels or consonants.
Children can handle cargo, gunnery and signalling, and experience life as a deep-sea diver.
Children can handle many simple chores at a young age.
Children can handle most of the experiments independently.
Children can handle tense moments by believing in themselves.
Children can handle the truth.
Children can handle their own conflicts and make their own decisions.
Children can handle Victorian items and dress in reproduction clothing.
Children can have a ball creating their own unique animals to protect with a crossing sign.
Children can have a card when they can write their whole name.
Children can have a go at brass rubbing.
Children can have a mild form of hepatitis from the virus, and also a mild form of pneumonia .
Children can have a negative impact too.
Children can have a sibling tour of the unit as well.
Children can have a sleep-disorder breathing condition, too.
Children can have a turn to practice their animal sounds.
Children can have abdominal pain, blood in urine, pain or burning on urination, and urgency to void.
Children can have all sorts of problems.
Children can have an invaluable source of information just a few mouse clicks away.
Children can have boat races in the bathtub or swimming pool.
Children can have chances.
Children can have different eye colors than either of their parents .
Children can have different eye colors than either of their parents.
Children can have difficulty using the potty.
Children can have flat feet at birth or can get it later in life from bone or ligament injury.
Children can have friends of both sexes.
Children can have full access if they obtain written permission from a parent or legal guardian.
Children can have fun and learn about caterpillars, chicks, music and sound expressions.
Children can have fun and learn to express feelings positively.
Children can have fun at the play village, miniature golf course and penny arcade.
Children can have fun designing and comparing their creative work.
Children can have fun drawing at any time, both at home and while travel.
Children can have fun learning about milk and dairy foods.
Children can have fun trying on replica hats and shoes.
Children can have fun while learning two languages with wonderful stories about German and Iceland.
Children can have fun while learning two languages with wonderful stories about Germany and Iceland.
Children can have fun with the actual game while adults can also get more from the message.
Children can have good habits.
Children can have good personal habits.
Children can have good personal hygiene habits.
Children can have great fun growing plants both indoors and outside.
Children can have habits.
Children can have hands-on experience while learning their history.
Children can have hay fever, or more specifically, seasonal allergies.
Children can have hematuria for a number of different reasons.
Children can have hours of fun in a series of safe, supervised play areas.
Children can have hours of fun making wearable crafts.
Children can have hygiene habits.
Children can have hyperactive bladders just like adults.
Children can have issues from very young ages.
Children can have just one type of problem or can have a mixture of problems.
Children can have life.
Children can have lots of feelings about moving.
Children can have lots of problems.
Children can have lots of sad and angry feelings about the divorce and all the changes it brings.
Children can have many feelings about the new baby.
Children can have more severe symptoms at lower levels of carbon monoxide poisoning than adults.
Children can have multiple parents.
Children can have normal life.
Children can have ongoing feelings of sadness and hopelessness.
Children can have particular problems with rhinitis.
Children can have personal habits.
Children can have problems at school, with peers.
Children can have problems with improper digestion, slow growth, and infection.
Children can have proteinuria for a number of different reasons.
Children can have reactions to vaccines that range from mild to serious.
Children can have severe apnea yet have normal daytime function.
Children can have the same feelings as adults.
Children can have their faces painted and bounce on the Moonwalk.
Children can have their necks become entangled and risk suffocation.
Children can have their own passports which makes travelling with either parent much easier.
Children can have their vision obscured by costumes, too.
Children can have three different forms of attachment to their mother.
Children can have too much iron and it can become toxic.
Children can have two primary parents.
Children can have weird ones too.
Children can heal.
Children can hear the headwords spoken aloud, and listen to the stories read by professional actors.
Children can hear the item named in isolation, in a phrase, or in a sentence.
Children can hear the word by clicking on it.
Children can hear the words as spoken by a native speaker.
Children can hear themselves read.
Children can help bottle feed lambs in the spring.
Children can help by finding items on the list.
Children can help clean up our Earth.
Children can help cook, sort laundry, shovel snow, and grocery shop.
Children can help create a stage by covering a table or a large cardboard box with a blanket.
Children can help cut coupons, find pictures of items needed, and write family shopping lists.
Children can help decorate the cake with sliced fruits such as oranges, bananas and coconuts.
Children can help develop a word list of descriptors for objects.
Children can help feed the hand-reared farm animals and ride the ponies.
Children can help in many ways.
Children can help in planning art displays.
Children can help make the deliveries.
Children can help make the shopping list.
Children can help Noah by finding the missing letter of the word.
Children can help out by working.
Children can help out on the farm and watch cows being milked.
Children can help pedal the trailabike or let their parents do the work when they get tired.
Children can help prevent the spread of disease if they cover their sneezes or coughs with a tissue.
Children can help select or pick produce from a local farm.
Children can help take wet sheets and blankets to the laundry, wash off plastic sheets, etc.
Children can help to make themselves relax in an asthma attack for example.
Children can help to save their own lives and the lives of others.
Children can help use a hand drill to drill four holes in the corners of the board.
Children can help walk dogs, deliver meals, and provide companionship.
Children can help with much of the choice-making and learn do other aspects of it as well.
Children can help with setting the table, serving the food, and cleaning the table.
Children can help with the less essential jobs of grooming and walking.
Children can help, too.
Children can help.
Children can hold sea stars and sometimes even sea horses.
Children can ill afford the absence of a wage-earning parent.
Children can illustrate and dictate about their field trip.
Children can illustrate the seeds with a variety of art materials.
Children can illustrate their books with drawings and photos.
Children can imagine some of what's happening with each person or group outside of the bus, too.
Children can imagine the features on the figures.
Children can imitate anything.
Children can immediately see their writings on the webpage.
Children can immerse themselves in a craft activity led by museum educators.
Children can improve reading and writing skills by talking back, or forming e-mail relationships.
Children can Improve their self esteem and raise their grades with the use of grapho-therapy.
Children can include their own photo or use the model pictures provided.
Children can ingest lead from the tub by drinking bathwater or by mouthing wet toys or tub edges.
Children can inhale the dust or get in on their hands.
Children can innocently connect with a Web site with sexual content.
Children can input information only through the keyboard.
Children can instantly personalize a notebook, letter, or anything they choose.
Children can interact with different breeds of domestic animals.
Children can interact with other children of their age and often with other age groups as well.
Children can interact with other children playing age appropriate games and activities.
Children can interact with others online without parental supervision.
Children can interact with the exhibits and become 'human spark plugs' in a giant combustion engine.
Children can interact with their baseball heroes.
Children can introduce speakers, perform, serve as ushers, be greeters or have many other duties.
Children can introduce speakers, perform, serve as ushers, be greeters, or have many other duties.
Children can investigate the effects of light on various crystals.
Children can investigate the objects displayed throughout the gallery.
Children can investigate the properties of a variety of crystals.
Children can investigate their childhoods, hardships, dreams, and accomplishments.
Children can join any time during session.
Children can join anytime through out the year.
Children can join at any stage during the programme.
Children can join at any stage in the programme.
Children can join at any time.
Children can join our classes at any time .
Children can join the library at any age.
Children can join the library from birth, and it's free of charge.
Children can join their parents for meals, concerts, dances, and other evening events.
Children can join with any level of skill or fitness.
Children can jump ahead by several months in just a few weeks of dialogic reading.
Children can jump in the bounce house or play outdoor games.
Children can jump right into the program without assistance.
Children can jump, ride tricycles, kick a ball, thread beads.
Children can just be there.
Children can just scribble over the page and watch an interesting picture develop.
Children can keep a log of sounds they hear throughout the day.
Children can keep a progress chart.
Children can keep a record of the states whose plates they have seen.
Children can keep it at school or take it home.
Children can keep journals about family trips and visits with friends and extended family members.
Children can keep track of scores using teddy bear counters or tally marks.
Children can keep track of the books they read and set their own reading goals.
Children can kneed the dough in the bag until it is smooth.
Children can lead small group tours of their building.
Children can learn a certain cultures dance.
Children can learn a lot about pets' needs, including health needs of pets. .
Children can learn a lot from cooking.
Children can learn a lot from discussing things that they have seen.
Children can learn a lot.
Children can learn a musical instrument as lessons are provided in school.
Children can learn a valuable lesson by watching how parents handle pressure and stress.
Children can learn about angels, memorize Bible verses, celebrate the holidays, and more.
Children can learn about birth from books and videos.
Children can learn about carbon by roasting marshmallows.
Children can learn about just about anything and how it works.
Children can learn about life cycles, how sunlight and water nourish plants and caparison skills.
Children can learn about loss, sharing, and thinking.
Children can learn about multicultural holiday customs, other than their own.
Children can learn about organization by seeing related animals.
Children can learn about other kids with diabetes.
Children can learn about positive and negative space, patterns, how to make books, paper and more.
Children can learn about pumpkins through stories, music, and hands-on activities.
Children can learn about the history of each song and sing along with fun animations.
Children can learn about the importance of an escape plan as well as smoke detectors.
Children can learn about the internet and explore new web sites.
Children can learn about the Orient or find out what's going on Argentina whenever they want.
Children can learn about their family histories from some of the best teachers-their grandparents.
Children can learn about weights and scales at the local market.
Children can learn all sorts of lessons from stories.
Children can learn also tricycle safety.
Children can learn and explore through medical play.
Children can learn and play at their own rate in a non-competitive environment.
Children can learn and play in a completely safe environment.
Children can learn another language at any age.
Children can learn at a very early age to control their parents by refusing to eat.
Children can learn ballet, jazz, tap and modern.
Children can learn body safety, assertiveness and identification of feelings.
Children can learn concepts, play games and engage, perhaps, in a bit of scientific inquiry.
Children can learn decision making, communications and assertiveness skills.
Children can learn early in life the joy and satisfaction that comes from doing things for others.
Children can learn farm concepts and how produce can be converted into a delicious meal.
Children can learn for themselves that crashes are preventable.
Children can learn free from physical and psychological bullying.
Children can learn from a graded exam paper.
Children can learn from anything and every thing they see.
Children can learn from direct participation.
Children can learn from each other and their past experiences.
Children can learn from other children.
Children can learn from television.
Children can learn from their mistakes.
Children can learn from their peers as they build self-esteem.
Children can learn how rivers are used as transportation links.
Children can learn how seeds travel, germinate and grow to produce new seeds.
Children can learn how to be safe with animals.
Children can learn how to care for turtles as pets.
Children can learn how to create their own web pages by attending one of our workshops.
Children can learn how to draw cartoons, learn some fun drawing tricks, and more.
Children can learn how to handle conflict by watching adult role models.
Children can learn how to harness the positive energy of stress and use it to their own advantage.
Children can learn how to help a someone from outside of the water, by using branches or ropes.
Children can learn how to make play dough, jewelry, puzzles, games, face paint, and much, much more.
Children can learn how to plan their spending to meet needs and financial goals.
Children can learn how to read in English or Spanish.
Children can learn important skills by helping.
Children can learn in an integrated fashion that reflects real life.
Children can learn in any environment.
Children can learn jet skiing, rowing, windsurfing and white-water rafting.
Children can learn just about any language content, use, or form using photographs of themselves.
Children can learn karate, tennis, soccer and tumbling.
Children can learn many interesting facts about cats while practicing their counting skills.
Children can learn many of life's lessons from animals.
Children can learn many things by experiencing natural consequences.
Children can learn math and basics of geometry while they are building.
Children can learn mathematics through games.
Children can learn more about Native American culture through an art activity.
Children can learn more about our environment , life of the pioneer , or leadership .
Children can learn much about English by learning the structure of other languages.
Children can learn much about their native language by learning the structure of other languages.
Children can learn names of new and interesting animals from the enclosed key.
Children can learn new skills and practice solving an unlimited number of arithmetic problems.
Children can learn new words and new ideas from others in the family.
Children can learn new words by seeing patterns in words and connecting words with pictures.
Children can learn numbers, letters, shapes, how to treat others, facts about the world, etc.
Children can learn only when they understand their teachers.
Children can learn patience, problem solving ability and increase spatial acuity.
Children can learn positive social skills in supportive neighbourhoods.
Children can learn problem solving skills and decision making skills in many ways.
Children can learn quickly how to do phonics pages.
Children can learn relaxation and then apply it when needed.
Children can learn simple counting activities through multiplication.
Children can learn so much from each other and are excited to share their thinking.
Children can learn so much from songs.
Children can learn some great lessons about friendship, love and self-esteem.
Children can learn songs appropriate for a variety of seasons.
Children can learn space skills such as building a rocket, living in space or exploring Mars.
Children can learn techniques to deal with threat and their anger.
Children can learn that good people are people of action.
Children can learn that negative, unhealthy lifestyles are choices that contribute to sickness.
Children can learn that one aspect of love is constant giving.
Children can learn that skunks let off a bad odor to protect themselves.
Children can learn that the value of sexual activity depends on the circumstances involved.
Children can learn that they are worthwhile people.
Children can learn that violent attitudes and behaviors are an acceptable way to solve problems.
Children can learn the alphabet, numbers, and new words while coloring interesting pictures.
Children can learn the basic skills of basket making.
Children can learn the Bible while learning to walk and talk.
Children can learn the components of a friendly letter through the text and illustrations.
Children can learn the concepts through their own discoveries.
Children can learn the conventions of poetry very early if exposed to poems or songs.
Children can learn the months of the year and identify an activity that goes with each one.
Children can learn the procedure as easily as adults.
Children can learn the song by doing a cheer, singing a song, writing the parts of speech, etc.
Children can learn the sounds associated with the pictures by clicking the bullseye.
Children can learn their name, address and telephone number in case they become lost.
Children can learn their numbers by reciting the rhyming lines aloud.
Children can learn to appreciate quality food products and farm animals.
Children can learn to be flexible while young, and older children enjoy the fun of competition.
Children can learn to breathe.
Children can learn to care for people, pets, plants, possessions.
Children can learn to catch the flying ring at a slower speed first.
Children can learn to communicate in a word-pair task.
Children can learn to create haiku, acrostics and many other types of poems.
Children can learn to deal with fears successfully.
Children can learn to differentiate between sounds and instruments.
Children can learn to draw dozens of characters from Arthurian legend and create engaging stories.
Children can learn to filter for themselves.
Children can learn to focus, prioritize and rearrange their ideas and then develop their writing.
Children can learn to help from a very early age and they'll have a tremendous thrill from it.
Children can learn to identify and differentiate between living and nonliving things.
Children can learn to identify the names of countries that are pointed out on a map.
Children can learn to identify where foods belong in the pyramid.
Children can learn to look people in the eye and speak up when they talk.
Children can learn to love and care about themselves and others.
Children can learn to make an easy check of answers to simple or complex questions.
Children can learn to make healthy food and physical activity choices.
Children can learn to pray aloud without the self-consciousness that hinders many adults.
Children can learn to program their own friends and emergency phone numbers.
Children can learn to question whether derogatory depictions of other people are stereotypes.
Children can learn to use it for themselves in a few minutes.
Children can learn to view in different ways to maximize their residual vision.
Children can learn to work for internal satisfaction rather than for external rewards.
Children can learn traits such as leadership, dedication and responsibility by participating.
Children can learn unwanted lessons from an unfaithful parent.
Children can learn what causes a disaster and how to help their family be prepared.
Children can learn what their families do with computers every day.
Children can learn where food comes from and adults can learn improved methods of plant growth.
Children can learn while having fun.
Children can learn without sitting next to a white child.
Children can learn, grow and have fun in our safe and structured environment.
Children can leave it and come back to see the changes that happen.
Children can leave their own artwork on the museum's memory board for other visitors to see.
Children can let their imagination run wild by constructing a K'NEX model of any size and shape.
Children can lie on the kitchen counter with their hair in the sink.
Children can lie without intending to create false belief in another person.
Children can listen and join in with the stories and colouring.
Children can listen like a snake and see like a bee, among other hands-on activities.
Children can listen to stories, create sand paintings or participate in early Native American games.
Children can literally remember no wrong that they ever did.
Children can live either off reservation or on Indian Island.
Children can live happier and healthier lives than what our grandparents did.
Children can live out their fantasies here.
Children can live very freely in the world of their fantasies and imagination.
Children can live with one parent or two or sometimes grandparents.
Children can live, and learn, with differences.
Children can log in to get help with homework, take practice tests or embark on e-adventures.
Children can look at the illustrated photographs as the parents read.
Children can look at the planets and read lots of information.
Children can look forward to returning to their normal activities within a week after the operation.
Children can look to our example and follow in our footsteps.
Children can look up from any point in the maze to find a familiar face.
Children can lose consciousness in two minutes following submersion.
Children can lose control if a pedal strikes the ground.
Children can lose control when a pedal strikes the ground, causing falls and injuries.
Children can maintain their reading skills during the summer months.
Children can make a binding by punching holes and using string.
Children can make a brochure to promote their specific national park.
Children can make a contribution.
Children can make a flowerpot out of newspaper, plant a native plant seed, and watch it grow.
Children can make a game or puzzle for their loved one.
Children can make a group collage of items they bring to class.
Children can make a large ocean mural.
Children can make a long-distance phone call to an old friend.
Children can make a pledge, write letters, read poetry writing by other children, and much more.
Children can make a tiny fold at one end of the paper, and roll it all the way to the end.
Children can make a toy out of almost any found object.
Children can make a treasure box of their memories of the deceased.
Children can make a T-shirt with a scene depicting some feature found in their National Park.
Children can make a variety of space vehicles including a spaceship, docking pod and attack module.
Children can make a word card and play the game using new or familiar words.
Children can make all the recipes, with adult supervision of course.
Children can make an anti-drug or violence poster to enter.
Children can make an item to carry or to wear in the parade.
Children can make and decorate greeting cards to express their feelings for special occasions.
Children can make and sell the lemonade.
Children can make and take home prints of animal tracks that can be found in the park.
Children can make and take their own hand-written greetings or fancy paper labels.
Children can make board games of going to different areas.
Children can make both ceremonial art for display and practical artifacts to wear and use.
Children can make cards and talk about the persons they are for.
Children can make carnival beads from salt clay or self-drying pottery clay.
Children can make choices about themselves and their learning.
Children can make collections of materials, wool, string, etc.
Children can make comparisons, think about their own houses, and label the houses to show knowledge.
Children can make costumes for the parade using brown or white craft paper.
Children can make costumes, scenery, and invitations.
Children can make decorative pinwheels.
Children can make elementary distinctions between say, threatener and threatened.
Children can make excellent crafts and gifts for the Easter holiday.
Children can make extremely valuable use of respect.
Children can make facial features with the decorations of choice.
Children can make freeform drawings or color in prepackaged pictures.
Children can make friends everywhere.
Children can make invitations and gumbo for the celebration.
Children can make invitations and prepare a special snack.
Children can make it stop.
Children can make jewelry for gifts.
Children can make marks, draw, write, or model in the mud.
Children can make multi-cultural crafts.
Children can make music as well as learn colors and different shapes.
Children can make new buttons on the text or edit the text block and record their words.
Children can make observations about their similarities and differences.
Children can make paper sundials to take home.
Children can make pictures to illustrate the story.
Children can make predictions about weather changes for other schools.
Children can make quite a mess in the kitchen but they can help clean up.
Children can make sail boats, fishing poles, lighthouses and shell art.
Children can make sandcastles or enjoy the multi-level playground.
Children can make secondary colors from the primaries.
Children can make simple decorations or funny hats and help make pancakes for the evening meal.
Children can make special projects in their own area for a minimal fee.
Children can make stickers that feature their own faces at walk-up vending kiosks.
Children can make their own cards.
Children can make their own fossil impressions at one of the displays.
Children can make their own jewelry by putting the cereal through the licorice.
Children can make their own music or listen to a variety of additional cartridges available.
Children can make their own needles.
Children can make their own or it can be a group project.
Children can make their own puppets to act out favorite stories at home.
Children can make their own stories using words and pictures.
Children can make their own storybook.
Children can make up an absence in any other section of their class.
Children can make up their own rules and games, too.
Children can make up to five different types of masks that are used in Korean traveling theaters.
Children can make vegetarian recipes with minimal parental supervision.
Children can make words and sentences relating to pet animals and color pictures of animals.
Children can maneuver out of the restraints and fall out of the swings.
Children can match egg to envelope by putting the egg inside the envelope.
Children can match number cards to the cube trains to show how many cubes.
Children can match the correct lid to the jar.
Children can match the dots to the numbers.
Children can match the tails and name the animals the tails belong to.
Children can match their own body parts to the pictures.
Children can match, sort, and make patterns.
Children can measure and add cinnamon and sugar to a bowl, then take turns mixing.
Children can measure and add ingredients, then stir.
Children can measure height, foot length, etc. of other children.
Children can meet any one they like.
Children can meet the Easter Bunny and receive numbered balls to be redeemed at downtown businesses.
Children can miss so much school, that they end up having to repeat the first year.
Children can mix the colors and create their own ice cream flavors.
Children can mold and shape while eating it.
Children can more easily build positive relationships, if they have developed a sense of humor.
Children can move from one activity to another as they choose.
Children can move like ducks and take turns leading others around room.
Children can move quickly from laughter to crying to laughter.
Children can move their tongues back and forth as well as up and down.
Children can name foods they know.
Children can navigate the software's learning activities via mouse or keyboard.
Children can neither believe nor repent of their sins.
Children can never get enough praise from mom and dad.
Children can no longer trust adults.
Children can now easily find information on anything imaginable.
Children can now have their performances and oral reports tape.
Children can now keep track of all their daily medications.
Children can now learn the basics of fire safety in a new trailer.
Children can now learn to read and write at the same time they learn to type.
Children can now mail, fax, scan, and e-mail their drawings into student gallery websites.
Children can now receive specialist care.
Children can now see their images in illustrated books and in stories of their people.
Children can observe scientific laws and understand what's happening without the math.
Children can obtain a library card by returning an application form with a parent's signature.
Children can obtain unlimited information from exciting CD-Rom programmes.
Children can offer to clean on their own, or as an aide to the homeowner.
Children can often become confused if presented with contradictory approaches.
Children can often learn much more quickly than their classes can allow.
Children can often open the sliding door.
Children can often reach the best solution and longest lasting peace if left to their own devices.
Children can often sense when their questions are being evaded or when they are being told untruths.
Children can once again bend twist and manipulate wire to create unique and intriguing works of art.
Children can only be on their best behaviours for just so long.
Children can only communicate what they understand, regardless of their method of expression.
Children can only enroll during open enrollment periods.
Children can only focus on one toy at a time.
Children can only freely explore, and therefore learn, when they feel safe, respected and cared for.
Children can only go to the areas deemed as having family values.
Children can only interact with children on their parent-approved ''Cyberfriends'' list.
Children can only join if a parent is a member.
Children can only learn a few rules at a time.
Children can only learn and understand if they discover information for themselves.
Children can only learn when they understand their teachers.
Children can only sit still for so long.
Children can open drawers as easily as cupboards.
Children can operate it at school or at their local commuity bank or credit union.
Children can operate the program with the mouse alone.
Children can order from their own special menu or get a portion of any dish on the adult menu.
Children can outgrow dyslexia.
Children can outgrow their allergies .
Children can outgrow their allergies.
Children can overcome obstacles, recover and be creative.
Children can overeat or under-exercise because they are stressed.
Children can paint their holders when dry or baked.
Children can pan for gold.
Children can partake in hands-on art activities.
Children can participate and they love the book.
Children can participate as drummer boys or family members of the troops.
Children can participate by submitting reports, stories, artwork or poetry via mail or e-mail.
Children can participate in a multitude of games, win prizes and just have an all around good time.
Children can participate in a one-day program or sign up for three, five, six or ten day sessions.
Children can participate in a spaghetti eating contest and other fun games.
Children can participate in a speghetti eating contest and other fun games.
Children can participate in a variety of activities.
Children can participate in a variety of classes and experience a different adventure every time.
Children can participate in an active youth sports program just about year round.
Children can participate in craft-making, storytelling, games, and language activities.
Children can participate in hands-on activities and games.
Children can participate in hands-on activities and take their creations home. .
Children can participate in hands-on activities.
Children can participate in hands-on craft projects such as clay and tie dye.
Children can participate in mentoring sessions provided by their adopters.
Children can participate in planned activities and enjoy a snack.
Children can participate in stick horse races, moon walk, and train rides.
Children can participate in story hours, craft constructions and summer reading programs.
Children can participate in storytelling, crafts, and face painting.
Children can participate in the children's program and baby-sitting services are also available.
Children can participate in the volunteer experience with adult supervision.
Children can participate in the workshops all day long for a minimum fee.
Children can participate in their club for four weeks and then sign up for a new one.
Children can participate in their own special art and creative writing workshops.
Children can participate only if they wear a protective safety helmet.
Children can participate with their families in a wide variety of events.
Children can pass on the virus for seven or more days after showing symptoms.
Children can pass the virus for longer than seven days.
Children can pay a heavy price.
Children can peel and stick to shirt, lunch box, even dad's hard hat, etc.
Children can perform chores in the house and yard.
Children can perform endurance tasks reasonably well.
Children can pet a piglet, learn about baby chicks and blue hens or watch a cow being milked.
Children can pet all the animals in an open-pen enclosure.
Children can pet and feed the many farm animals.
Children can pet baby farm animals, and Santa makes weekend visits.
Children can pet some of the animals in certain areas.
Children can pick a color they like and add a few drops of food coloring.
Children can pick a fight by a deliberate act of disobedience.
Children can pick and choose from a wealth of information.
Children can pick up lead dust during play.
Children can pick up their posters in the gallery next weekend.
Children can pick up tiny particles of lead when it crumbles into soil or house dust.
Children can pick up tiny, dangerous particles of lead in many places.
Children can pick up worms eggs from sources such as dogs, the ground and the school.
Children can pick up worms from dogs and cats.
Children can place a small pencil, paper clips, or dried flowers in cup.
Children can place cut pieces of ripe fruit in two open glass jars.
Children can place the foods in the correct places in the food pyramid.
Children can place the pieces to creat their own scenes.
Children can place their picture label in the appropriate column.
Children can plant sunflower seeds.
Children can plant the bean in dirt after it has sprouted.
Children can play a part in that great commission.
Children can play alone or compete in teams.
Children can play and build sandcastles.
Children can play and learn about other languages at the same time.
Children can play and learn at the same time.
Children can play by themselves or with a group.
Children can play catch , or they can just play .
Children can play challenging hide and k style games, sing the songs and dance with the tunes.
Children can play constructive games or print-out activities with favourite television characters.
Children can play games or learn history without leaving their seats.
Children can play games such as call and response with an East African crowned crane named Spike.
Children can play golf at most times, and dogs can be taken on the course with a lead.
Children can play happily and in safety in the play area without disturbing the neighbours.
Children can play harder, study longer, and grow up stronger when their nutritional needs are met.
Children can play in a decorative fountain that also serves to mask highway noise.
Children can play in small groups, often with partners, some solitaires.
Children can play in special designated area.
Children can play in the local park play ground or roller skate at the local roller skating rink.
Children can play in the petting zoo and ride a pony.
Children can play in the shallow creek, while parents watch and relax at the adjacent tables.
Children can play independently or with help.
Children can play on it.
Children can play on playgrounds, go tubing, or learn about plant and animal life.
Children can play on the infield.
Children can play on the nearby beaches.
Children can play one of the structured activities, or experiment with the different sound blocks.
Children can play outdoors freely and safely.
Children can play outside and stay cool without getting sun burned.
Children can play outside or walk downtown safely .
Children can play party games, meet the animals, ride a pony or go on a hayride.
Children can play some games in the roof garden.
Children can play the game by only controlling their level of concentration.
Children can play the roles of each family member, responsibilities, etc.
Children can play the tapes and follow the book.
Children can play the three games against a human or computer opponent.
Children can play the treasure-hunt game.
Children can play their hardest and teenagers have their fun.
Children can play while their parents sit in it and read a good book.
Children can play with others and take turns at hat.
Children can play with the animals in the playroom or have private visits in their rooms.
Children can play with the birds.
Children can play with the marionettes on three wooden stages.
Children can play with the software and feel successful and rewarded.
Children can play with their puppy through the entire game while taking care of it.
Children can play with toy phones while their parents shop.
Children can play with toys, take a nap, or play with others in a safe and supervised setting.
Children can play with yo-yos by themselves, or they can discover new tricks with friends.
Children can play without someone else always having to play along and explain the rules.
Children can play, accompanied by a parent.
Children can play, learn, explore, and make new friends in a friendly, family-centered setting.
Children can polish their motor skills, meet new friends and benefit from coaching.
Children can pop bubbles with their hands and off their heads.
Children can pose for pictures with jockeys.
Children can post their prayers here in the Prayer Zone .
Children can pound ice cubes in a cloth bag with a hammer to crush ice.
Children can practice escaping from either the first or the second floor.
Children can practice naming the parts of their bodies while looking in a mirror.
Children can practice recognizing numbers or finding patterns.
Children can practice spelling on their own.
Children can practice the skills required of the fingers in order to get the job done.
Children can practice upstrokes, downward, horizontal, and oval strokes.
Children can practice using mapping skills and working together as a group.
Children can practice writing with a quill pen or learn a craft.
Children can pray in school or anywhere else whenever they so please.
Children can prepare certificates telling what they are willing to do.
Children can prepare for school in a healthy, safe, and positive environment.
Children can pre-register or fill out an application on race day.
Children can present the book they read and what they thought of it.
Children can pretend to be a zoo keepers working at the zoo and feeding the animals.
Children can pretend to be popcorn with the following idea.
Children can pretend to be their favorite farm animal.
Children can pretend to sew clothes or repair torn items.
Children can pretend to surf the waves.
Children can print greeting cards and fridge art to color also.
Children can print greeting cards too.
Children can print out their favorite screens and activities.
Children can print their pictures in color or black and white, or as coloring book pages.
Children can proceed at their own pace using the computer.
Children can program the doll to speak.
Children can progress as quickly as they are able.
Children can project or disguise their voice with the voice changer button.
Children can propose changes to family rules.
Children can provide capable worship leadership in a variety of ways.
Children can provide effective worship leadership.
Children can provide great access to adults.
Children can publish their own stories on the world wide web.
Children can pull on cords and burn or injure themselves.
Children can pull pants up and down for themselves.
Children can purchase inexpensive gifts for family and friends.
Children can pursue their own interests, and learn at their own speed.
Children can push buttons to sound whistles, move a train, and operate crossing gates and lights.
Children can put clock hand to any time on the clock and run the mouse up and down the string.
Children can put it on their lunch box, zipper pull, shoe laces, or belt.
Children can put the puzzle pieces together.
Children can put the rabbit together with their own hands.
Children can put the stethoscope on like eye glasses.
Children can put their own creativity to use by playing with construction materials, such as Legos.
Children can put themselves in danger in mere seconds around heavy equipment.
Children can quickly climb to window ledges or sills - and fall.
Children can quickly climb to window ledges or sills, and fall.
Children can quickly follow and read along with the book after the first few pages.
Children can quickly lose interest.
Children can raise puppies, with parental supervision.
Children can rapidly die from malaria.
Children can rate different poems each week.
Children can reach play materials easily.
Children can react differently to anesthesia.
Children can react to death in many ways.
Children can read about kids from other countries.
Children can read about the transplant in books written at their age level.
Children can read along as the story is being read out loud.
Children can read along with the narrator as each word of the story is highlighted as it is spoken.
Children can read along with the story and children can read independently.
Children can read aloud and the computer listens and responds.
Children can read an animal's body language.
Children can read and listen to the text.
Children can read and talk about books with parents, teachers and friends.
Children can read book reviews written by others and post their own.
Children can read books online and also play a game.
Children can read books, magazines or newspapers.
Children can read by then and their hands are more able to perform keyboard maneuvers.
Children can read each storybook on their own or listen to a narrator.
Children can read labels for colors and shape of pictures, logos, and package shapes.
Children can read many books on the same subject.
Children can read past adventures as well, and there is even a Spanish language version.
Children can read reviews by other children or submit their own.
Children can read stories, watch movies, and enjoy a pizza dinner.
Children can read the devotions themselves, or with a parent.
Children can read too.
Children can read, color, listen and learn.
Children can read, sing, or do arithmetic and educational games also.
Children can read, write, speak, and record themselves reading.
Children can readily see the relevance of the skills they are being asked to master.
Children can receive allergy testing, but the tests have some drawbacks.
Children can receive attendance and participation awards.
Children can receive cards at any age.
Children can receive contraceptives and even abortions without their parents being notified.
Children can receive high quality care while remaining in a familiar setting with familiar people.
Children can receive kidney transplants at almost any age.
Children can receive prizes such as gift certificates, tickets and a week at summer camp.
Children can receive shots even when they have a cold or are taking antibiotics.
Children can receive vaccinations at public immunization clinics and physicians' offices.
Children can recieve cards at any age.
Children can recognise sounds they have heard in the womb long before they can speak.
Children can reconcile their differences with their parents.
Children can record their designs by gluing similar paper pieces to paper.
Children can record their imagination and ideas in the activity book.
Children can record their observations and conclusions in their learning logs.
Children can record their observations.
Children can record their own voices to check pronunciation.
Children can record, or draw pictures to record their observations.
Children can recreate the story on their own.
Children can redraw the shapes with a brown marker.
Children can refer to the chart to see what bags they have already borrowed.
Children can refer to the list created earlier for help in labeling their pictures.
Children can refer to their diagrams to make sure they assemble the computer correctly.
Children can refer to words by number.
Children can reflect societal influences quite well.
Children can register at home, at school, or in the public library.
Children can register for a drawing to win a new bike.
Children can register for only one section of any type of camp each summer.
Children can register their interest by talking to library staff.
Children can register to tend their own garden plots filled with vegetables, flowers, and herbs.
Children can reinforce number facts and the multiplication tables at home.
Children can relate things they know about a topic, and often delight in doing so.
Children can relate to making new friends and needing help to solve arguments.
Children can relate to the intergenerational fun and activities.
Children can relate well to immediate life and what it means to be hungry.
Children can release a day's worth of energy while eating lunch.
Children can reliably report the intensity of their pain.
Children can relive all the events of that glorious night.
Children Can Remember .
Children can research school projects right from home, and families can plan vacations online.
Children can reserve computer time or sign up at the library on a first-come basis.
Children can reserve space for one or all of the week's activities.
Children can respond very quickly to the healing energy of crystals.
Children can retell a story as they place figures on the apron.
Children can retrace their routes on the quilt, guided by an overhead projector casting a beam.
Children can return to school in one or two days.
Children can return to school once they're on medication.
Children can return to school or daycare the day following their first treatment for head lice .
Children can return to school when the fever is gone and they can swallow normally.
Children can return to their usual activities and school or daycare after the first treatment.
Children can reunite families by registering their alien babies and playing the on-line game.
Children can reverse the effects of the sins of their parents however.
Children can review their games to see what mistakes have been made.
Children can revisit the stories as often as theylike to create a new story with each online visit.
Children can ride a pony, the Santa Train, or both.
Children can ride ponies or amuse themselves in the children's playground.
Children can ride shetland ponies or on their parent's horse.
Children can ride the elephants before the circus and during intermission.
Children can ride their bikes up and down the maze of roads in the area.
Children can ride with licensed drivers.
Children can roam from one brightly decorated trunk to another, picking up handfuls of candy.
Children can role play what it is like to be adults.
Children can role-play as water drops picking up pollutants in a fun game of Rolling to the River.
Children can role-play the lizards and learn about survival and natural selection.
Children can roll snow into snowmen and forts, and sculpt snow shapes.
Children can run the bases after the game.
Children can run, jump, climb hills, and just be kids.
Children can safely accompany their parents or guardians on any of our cruises.
Children can safely explore a world that is much larger and more diverse than their own backyards.
Children can safely explore a world that is much larger and more diverse than their own rear yard.
Children can safely play in the yard or ride their bikes around town.
Children can save money from their jobs.
Children can say a real word or a nonsense word.
Children can say or write what they think is happening in the picture.
Children can say that parents are in the shower, asleep or simply unable to come to the phone.
Children can search for pen pals by country.
Children can search for twelve words relating to items in a medicine cabinet in a word find.
Children can search high and low for ornaments hidden throughout the park.
Children can search through the picture books and find the character they studied about.
Children can see a variety of farm animals.
Children can see and hear about the different parts of the body.
Children can see and hear what they are reading as they look at the accompanying illustrations.
Children can see baby farm animals and ride a mini-train.
Children can see black bears, panthers, opossums and snakes.
Children can see crayfish, painted turtles, and bullfrogs in the pond.
Children can see each story as a whole or manipulate the pages themselves.
Children can see how a quilt can tell stories.
Children can see how bananas bloom and are grown on large stalks.
Children can see how the furniture is arranged in their home.
Children can see in the spirit before they are born.
Children can see live endangered, threatened or rehabilitated animals.
Children can see multiple doctors and related theapists at one location.
Children can see other artifacts dealing with slavery.
Children can see patterns everywhere.
Children can see relationships and the usefulness of studying fractions.
Children can see that their feelings and ideas are normal and likewise view themselves as normal.
Children can see the characters and understand how each character acts and relates to others.
Children can see the different stages of trout development and feed the hatchlings.
Children can see the how far mankind has come and the possibilities mankind can go.
Children can see the pictures, or some accommodation has been made so they can see.
Children can see the teacher model how phonetic rules and spelling conventions are applied.
Children can see through a parent who is made of muddy water.
Children can see through facades, fronts, and images.
Children can see, touch, and feel the meaning behind the gift.
Children can select any medium they want, including the enclosed markers and paper.
Children can select from a list of animals for a coloring book page.
Children can select whatever food coupon they choose.
Children can self- evaluate.
Children can send a card or letter to the school, families, or citizens in Colorado.
Children can send comments, listen to musical selections and test their knowledge about music.
Children can send their pictures, stories, and letters.
Children can send their pictures, stories, music, and letters.
Children can sense thirst.
Children can sense when adults are upset.
Children can separate items to recycle.
Children can serve as acolytes and usher.
Children can serve by helping with household chores and by helping brothers and sisters.
Children can set a table with the place setting and select a balanced meal.
Children can set the clock to any time.
Children can set the cup on the nozzle and watch it fly up in the air as they pump.
Children can set the table, fold towels, wash windows and do many other tasks valued in the family.
Children can set up and maintain the birdhouses.
Children can shake the boxes, and systematically probe the inside with dowels.
Children can share a single room, as a stowaway bed can be fitted into the room.
Children can share any personal information they want online.
Children can share ideas, discuss what is going on, and help each other.
Children can share in the administration of their injections with supervision of their parents.
Children can share their eating experiences on the site.
Children can share their favorite toy or experiences in front of the whole class.
Children can share their new awareness in the classroom.
Children can share their new knowledge with family and friends.
Children can share their questions and observations with scientists and other children.
Children can sign in for half hour increments or call ahead to reserve a time slot.
Children can sign up at any time.
Children can sign up at anytimeduring the program.
Children can sign up for a half-hour time slot.
Children can sign up for one, two or three mornings.
Children can simply plug onto lessons while sitting at home or in school.
Children can simply slip-on most watches with our high quality fabric straps.
Children can sing along or just listen while they look at the bright illustrations.
Children can sing along with the jungle music.
Children can sing along with the upbeat tunes that are great at reinforcing the story line.
Children can sing before they can talk.
Children can sing the song as they hunt for litter around the room.
Children can sit facing out or in, and the teacher is always part of the group.
Children can sit in a circle to pass the flip books around and create funny faces.
Children can sit in a real police car and speak to a police officer about police equipment.
Children can sit in, stand beside or slide a wheelchair under parts of the box.
Children can skate or swim there in different seasons.
Children can skate, swim, and enjoy the facilities while parents are meeting.
Children can sleep with lights on without damaging their health.
Children can slide under the seatbelt, leading to worse injuries.
Children can slide, climb, jump, and explore to their heart's content.
Children can slip into swimming pools without a sound or splash.
Children can slip sideways into the leg opening, creating a potential strangulation risk.
Children can slip through the net.
Children can slip under the water unnoticed even with an adult nearby.
Children can solve each puzzle using color pictures or written clues.
Children can sometimes be more at risk than adults from the harmful health effects of air pollution.
Children can sometimes be rude and arrogant.
Children can sometimes get viral meningitis following infection with mumps or herpesvirus .
Children can sometimes have a difficult time in social situations.
Children can sometimes have abnormal heartbeats.
Children can sometimes see dates on buildings and figure out when that building was built.
Children can sometimes see reality more clearly than intellectuals.
Children can sort the beads by colors and shapes or create random combinations.
Children can sow seeds directly into the Garden.
Children can spend entire days in the park with classes at two museums a day.
Children can spend hours creating kooky characters with multi-colored beards, braids and bows.
Children can spend many hours solving puzzles, doing math problems and looking for hidden treasures.
Children can spend money to buy gifts, or they can use their own time and energy to make gifts.
Children can spend the afternoon playing a wide variety of supervised beach games and fun races.
Children can spend the afternoon playing on a number of playgrounds.
Children can spike high fevers, especially during the night hours.
Children can spin or rock while sitting, kneeling or standing.
Children can splash and slide in the children's play area.
Children can spot phony adulation and syrupy words instantly.
Children can spread rotavirus both before and after they become sick with diarrhea.
Children can spread rotavirus both before and after they become symptomatic.
Children can spread rotavirus both before and after they have signs of being sick.
Children can squeeze the paint onto a piece of black construction paper to form a web.
Children can stand and sit well on their own.
Children can stand at the side and one end of the table.
Children can start at the beginning or start anywhere they please.
Children can start attending any time during the year, vacancies permitting.
Children can start early to acquire map and globe skills.
Children can start gradually with an overnight away and then weekends.
Children can start out with standards, or order off the main menu.
Children can start their swimming lessons in the training pool.
Children can start to take saunas at two or three years of age.
Children can stay a maximum of five hours at a stretch.
Children can stay dry for longer periods of time, or overnight.
Children can stay here for as much or as little time as they like.
Children can stay here until a foster home is found.
Children can stay in room at no additional charge.
Children can stay in the program for up to a year.
Children can stick little pieces in their ears, nose, and mouth.
Children can stick on stars.
Children can still go to school or child care in spite of having threadworms.
Children can still grow up to be rocket scientists or whatever they want to be.
Children can still have a good childhood even with a broken family.
Children can still say a prayer to themselves to start the day.
Children can stop by the dust-free dig pit to uncover a dinosaur using simple tools.
Children can store their beans in their cup.
Children can strain a parent's time, finances, and nerves.
Children can strangle if pacifier strings or clothing become entangled on protruding hardware.
Children can strangle in the loops of window blind cords.
Children can strangle on a cord or scarf.
Children can strangle on loops or openings in the nets.
Children can strangle on window cords or can fall through screens.
Children can string beads, use a pump drill and grind seeds.
Children can string popcorn and cranberries,using their own patterns.
Children can string several types of holed macaroni that's been colored in food colors.
Children can study main characters, settings, main ideas, etc.
Children can study the ecosystems on the land and in the sea.
Children can study.
Children can stuff a bag of artistic crafts for a modest price.
Children can stumble onto harmful content a number of ways.
Children can submit reviews of the books they read.
Children can submit their drawings to be put online.
Children can submit their favorite hero story or find a hero among the many listed.
Children can submit their own poems too.
Children can submit TV reviews.
Children can submit written book reports for extra incentives.
Children can submit.
Children can succeed in mathematics.
Children can successfully play two chord songs after just their second lesson.
Children can succumb to less.
Children can sue their parents.
Children can suffer an average of six malaria bouts each year.
Children can suffer burns from the leaking battery.
Children can suffer from disorders once thought only to affect adults.
Children can suffer from mental illness and disabilities due to a lack of iodine.
Children can suffer from obstructive sleep apnea.
Children can suffer from sinusitis, too.
Children can suffer harmful effects as a result of it.
Children can suffer in other ways as well.
Children can suffer injuries from falling to the ground while swinging.
Children can suffer injuries from fires and house fires can occur.
Children can suffer large exposures without exhibiting symptoms.
Children can suffer long-lasting consequences, such as hearing loss caused by ear infections.
Children can suffer overuse injuries due to excessive parental pressure to achieve in sports.
Children can suffer serious injuries from the fall.
Children can suffer third-degree burns from hot tap water in a matter of seconds.
Children can suffer tremendous trauma in such cases.
Children can suffer unitended consequences as a result of being interviewed.
Children can suffocate and die after inhaling a latex balloon.
Children can suggest further categories and actions.
Children can suggest other actions or movements.
Children can summon images of their own special places to get through a bad day.
Children can surf the web, play and talk to children all over the world in a very safe environment.
Children can survive their parents' divorce, as long as it's managed in a sensible way.
Children can swap papers to practice using different numbers.
Children can swim the length of the pool on the front and back at the end of the Starfish level.
Children can switch activities if they prefer another challenge.
Children can t always tell bad from good or right from wrong.
Children can t even watch cartoons anymore.
Children can t get enough.
Children can t learn to walk without falling.
Children can t produce words and structures that they don t have stored in their memory.
Children can t recall what they haven t learned.
Children can t resist a game or challenge.
Children can t wait.
Children can take a step back in time as they find their favorite books.
Children can take a stroll through the pumpkin patch to see how the crop is coming along.
Children can take an audio guided tour through the chronology of a period.
Children can take classes at local schools and colleges.
Children can take half the dose.
Children can take healthy risks in the camp environment because they feel safe.
Children can take herbs in teas, capsules and formulas with good results.
Children can take herbs without adverse effects in most cases.
Children can take it more easily and protect their thyroid glands.
Children can take messages when necessary.
Children can take naps or have a quiet time in their rooms.
Children can take off their blindfolds and look at their work.
Children can take one serving daily.
Children can take paper home to use.
Children can take part in activities appropriate for their age.
Children can take part in activities such as mask-making, a chalk area and a percussion playground.
Children can take part in crafts, games, nature activities, horse rides, fishing and much more.
Children can take part in games and learn to make one of many holiday projects in our craft room.
Children can take part in relay races or an underwater scavenger hunt.
Children can take part in the doll making.
Children can take proper care of pets.
Children can take swim lessons, join swim teams, or just frolic as four trained lifeguards look on.
Children can take the drug in syrup form.
Children can take the gate down or the baby walker can knock the gate loose.
Children can take the plates home to put on their table as a reminder to try the new vegetable.
Children can take the quiz online or print it out on paper.
Children can take the role of docents, taking guests on a tour of the museum exhibit.
Children can take the skills they learned and teach others in a positive manner.
Children can take their boats home and share the story in the bathtub with their family.
Children can take turns being the teacher and being the student with the incredible excuse.
Children can take turns browsing through the market and being a vendor.
Children can take turns dipping fish in egg mixture, then rolling strips into flour.
Children can take turns imitating all the adults they know as well as some children.
Children can take turns playing teacher, too.
Children can take turns reaching inside and describing how an object feels.
Children can take turns shaking the bag.
Children can take turns taking their paper home to share with their families.
Children can take turns telling each other their stories.
Children can take turns welcoming families and announcing the songs.
Children can take turns working at the same time each day.
Children can take vegetable-filled empanadas to school for lunch.
Children can talk about different buildings, land use and degree of urbanisation.
Children can talk about their activities of the day or anything that comes to their inventive minds.
Children can tap into their creative talents in two summer sessions.
Children can teach adults how to look at life with wonder and spontaneity.
Children can tell a story in pictures and dictate the captions.
Children can tell a story in pictures and write or dictate the captions.
Children can tell all about their special play and work related to each season of the year.
Children can tell if parents mean what they say.
Children can tell the difference between reality and fantasy.
Children can tell when parents are feeling nervous.
Children can tell when teachers are seeing a situation dearly.
Children can tell when teachers see a situation clearly.
Children can test the colored water on paper until they are satisfied with each color.
Children can test their knowledge with word finds, mazes, and cross word puzzles.
Children can themselves also ask the court to make a decision.
Children can then apply the skills acquired to their own local built environment.
Children can then challenge classmates to identify the two words that make up each contraction.
Children can then color inside spaces to make a design.
Children can then color the cartoon.
Children can then color the flags properly.
Children can then compare their current papers with previous work.
Children can then complete their paintings by adding a face with black crayon.
Children can then create stories that correspond to their own view of the sky.
Children can then decorate and write mom a mother's day message.
Children can then dictate informational captions for their pictures.
Children can then discuss the nutritional value of each vegetable.
Children can then draw pictures of people, places, big and little things.
Children can then form their own opinions.
Children can then gain access to restricted areas, such as stairs.
Children can then glue the pictures on the poster or tape the real things.
Children can then hold onto the sticks as they move the characters around on a puppet stage.
Children can then infer that the same thing can happen with water and rocks in nature.
Children can then learn from their mistakes and go back to try it again.
Children can then look carefully around and compose schoolroom or library poems.
Children can then mail their own puzzles to friends or relatives.
Children can then make up their own version of the story.
Children can then make wonderful water music.
Children can then manipulate the beads to spell words - real or inventive.
Children can then play leafhopper as they jump from pile to pile.
Children can then pull the holder to enjoy the pop-up part of the book.
Children can then put the craft sticks together to match the cut out picture.
Children can then read the sight words to the monkey.
Children can then redeem their credits whilst shopping on the net.
Children can then separate feelings from actions that are damaging.
Children can then slide into a landing area with the extra delight of a splash at the bottom.
Children can then use the books by themselves as they gain mastery of the letter sounds.
Children can then use the dough to model objects.
Children can then use their own money to purchase things they want.
Children can then wear their hats for their other activities.
Children can throw up leftover crumbs to the sea birds on the way back.
Children can thus self-test their knowledge of both English and Chinese vocabulary.
Children can thus work with their families at home on the different activities.
Children can too easily click on an e-mail response without their parents' knowledge.
Children can top their own small pizza.
Children can touch a cast of an elephant skull and compare it to a real skull on display.
Children can touch and feed domesticated animals in a petting zoo.
Children can touch bird wings, bones, and animal pelts.
Children can touch live sharks, bat rays, and stingrays in the petting pool.
Children can tour emergency vehicles with local officials on site.
Children can tour the post-pardum area where they'll come to visit mom and the new baby.
Children can trace a pattern on paper for carving a face, then tape it to the pumpkin.
Children can trace the print letter tactually or identify the letter in standard sized Braille.
Children can trace their hands on paper.
Children can trade in a violent toy or video game for a prize.
Children can transport cockroaches from school to home in bookbags and lunchpails.
Children can trip on toys while attempting to use the bathroom at night.
Children can try apple bobbing and other games .
Children can try it out at home.
Children can try medieval pursuits, such as archery and ax throwing, or ride ponies and camels.
Children can try on reproducation Roman armour and blow a military horn.
Children can try the procedure using fresh water and then salt water.
Children can try their hand at making a mosaic.
Children can try their hand at some of the skills.
Children can try their hand at using metate and mano or play with masks from around the world.
Children can try their hands at making a fish print on paper that they can take home.
Children can try their luck at the duck pond and test their skill at the basketball shootout.
Children can try their luck for prizes in a costume contest and a scavenger hunt.
Children can try to win free tickets to the zoo is they open the puzzle.
Children can turn any household object into a toy.
Children can turn anything into something fun to play with.
Children can turn out to be more mature, more independent, more open-minded, and more flexible.
Children can understand and function effectively in English long before they have achieved parity.
Children can understand books that they are unable to read.
Children can understand to some degree all of the above reasons for their parents' divorce.
Children can understand to some degree all of the reasons for their parents' divorce.
Children can understand what it is like to make a choice.
Children can unlearn violent behavior.
Children can use a circle to create a teepee.
Children can use a few different techniques to cope with hearing loss or deafness.
Children can use a notepad feature to take notes about what they learn.
Children can use a variety of containers for indoor gardening projects.
Children can use a variety of wands to make bubbles of all different sizes.
Children can use archaeologists' toolsspoons, brushes, siftersto find the hidden objects.
Children can use begin to use it in kindergarten.
Children can use construction paper to make ears, whiskers, and a tail.
Children can use crayons or markers to color in the pictures.
Children can use disposable trays.
Children can use glitter and sequins to decorate their heart markers.
Children can use herbal remedies.
Children can use herbs in teas, capsules, and formulas with good results.
Children can use it as a toy.
Children can use it at home to continue their study.
Children can use it from where ever they are.
Children can use it readily when the instructions are given at their level of understanding.
Children can use it to research problems in their communities.
Children can use magazine pictures, labels, etc. to add color to their project.
Children can use measuring utensils to measure grain as they pour it into containers.
Children can use music in their own scripts and fantasy play.
Children can use pesticides, cutting instruments, and heavy machinery.
Children can use play money, blackboard or paper.
Children can use popcorn for bait.
Children can use separate envelopes.
Children can use simple paint tools to design the maze.
Children can use tempera paint to decorate their beads.
Children can use the beans for counters.
Children can use the book to find the correct names.
Children can use the bulletin board backs for creative designs with Shapies .
Children can use the folded house to draw objects and scenes for each room.
Children can use the following resources for information.
Children can use the hand pump and send water rushing into the duck pond complete with waterfall.
Children can use the hole punch to make eyes out of scraps to glue on their bird.
Children can use the images to accompany school reports on other countries.
Children can use the internet to find other versions of the story, then note the differences.
Children can use the motorized products as well as the hand-held ones.
Children can use the photographs from the slideshow to find historical evidence.
Children can use the puppets to retell the story, extend the story, or make up their own story.
Children can use the scarves or streamers to move to any type of music.
Children can use the song to stimulate visual images of what they want to draw.
Children can use the tactile wall to stimulate a variety of senses at the same time.
Children can use the tools they have, which are dependent on age and maturity.
Children can use the workbook repeatedly, without tiring of the interactive games.
Children can use their imaginations and come up with many other ideas for toys.
Children can use their imaginations with it and can build whatever they like from scratch.
Children can use their papyrus to create Egyptian art or to write their names in hieroglyphics.
Children can use their single switch, touch screen or mouse.
Children can use unconventional items like paper clips to measure lengths.
Children can use without supervision.
Children can use words or phrases to help control attention.
Children can usually assess their own mood.
Children can usually floss their own teeth when they reach fourth grade.
Children can usually memorize better than adults.
Children can usually return to school after one treatment with the shampoo.
Children can usually return to school five to six days after the rash started.
Children can utilize the facility for a maximum of five hours per day.
Children can vary the speed and direction of the ball, the slope of the ramp, and so forth.
Children can very soon learn how to construct perfect circles every time.
Children can view foot castings, dinosaur teeth and an archaeology project in process.
Children can view the affects of sugar on teeth.
Children can visit each letter world in any order.
Children can visit The Adventures of Kidd Safety .
Children can visit the Congress Trade Show during the workshop.
Children can visit the toy box to build, draw, and use interactive games.
Children can visit with Santa and have a photo taken for a nominal fee.
Children can viw online stories and games, print take home activites and find books to read.
Children can wait a year or more from when they are legally free for adoption until they are placed.
Children can wait years for a permanent family and even reach adulthood without one.
Children can walk and play inour communities without fear.
Children can walk earlier and easier with the right pair of shoes.
Children can walk forward on the rungs, on the sides, or in the spaces between the rungs.
Children can walk from room to room in a safe environment to gather candy and treats.
Children can walk or bike to friends houses.
Children can walk or ride to the nearby schools.
Children can walk to many of their activities in safety.
Children can walk to performing arts magnet school.
Children can walk to school and parks.
Children can walk to school.
Children can walk to the nearest elementary school without crossing a major thoroughfare.
Children can wash fruits and cut the softer ones with a butter knife.
Children can wash the dolls from the play area or practice washing their own hands.
Children can watch a clip of the show.
Children can watch animated clips that explain the different scientific principles in a fun way.
Children can watch as colors mix as they drip.
Children can watch plants grow and follow the change of seasons.
Children can watch salmon in holding ponds all year long.
Children can watch the crystals change colour, smell the perfume etc.
Children can watch the parade or use the hotel's game room complete with face painters.
Children can watch the process as the roots grow down and carrots, radishes, and onions take form.
Children can wear a doctor s coat or use a wheelchair, a walker or crutches.
Children can wear gloves, hats, and gardening aprons.
Children can wear puppets or make their own animals to hold.
Children can wear their pajamas and bring a stuffed animal.
Children can wear white clothing underneath their bandages.
Children can weave the colored yarn in and out to fill the space.
Children can win prizes by participating in wildlife quizzes.
Children can withstand the heat better than adults.
Children can witness the miracle of birth in any number of ways.
Children can witness to adults in the simple words of a song.
Children can work at a sand table or with a sand-filled tub.
Children can work at home and link to programs on every subject and even to real teachers.
Children can work at their own pace and ability level.
Children can work at their own pace and at their own level.
Children can work at their own pace and check their progress through games and quizzes.
Children can work at their own pace and level without feeling intimidated by others.
Children can work at their own pace.
Children can work directly with the computer.
Children can work in groups or with a partner to brainstorm different ideas for excuses.
Children can work in pairs.
Children can work in small groups during a center time or work in pairs to count the pennies.
Children can work in small groups to illustrate the various pages.
Children can work in teams to find and photograph things outdoors that match their shape.
Children can work in their groups to brainstorm names for the silly creatures they drew.
Children can work individually or in pairs.
Children can work individually or in small groups.
Children can work individually or with partners to create a series of pictures that tell a story.
Children can work individually with tissue paper making their own collages.
Children can work off their excess energy on the playground.
Children can work on puzzles by themselves, without the help of adults or other children.
Children can work on reading skills, vocabulary, and writing confidence with three levels of play.
Children can work on the floor or any other horizontal surface when scribbling.
Children can work on their memoirs for several days.
Children can work out while their parents enjoy the latest in group fitness or personal training.
Children can work separately and combine their work into a single book.
Children can work somewhat independently and at a casual pace.
Children can work together to brush base with thinned glue.
Children can work together to complete the games.
Children can work together to develop a few questions for their interview.
Children can work with multiple partners, but groups of two work best.
Children can work with real tools, magnets, bubbles and textiles.
Children can work with scouting crafts, camp and learn a variety of outdoor skills.
Children can worry a great deal about finding their way around a strange place.
Children Can Worship .
Children can wrap rubber bands around eggs.
Children can wriggle out of the restraints and fall from the swing.
Children can write a story about a picture drawn and posted by another child.
Children can write a story about anything and save it to the computer.
Children can write about familiar animals or animals they have seen at the zoo.
Children can write about what they did each day and collect postcards of places they visited.
Children can write an acrostic for a particular state or country.
Children can write and illustrate new verses with new animals.
Children can write and spellcheck.
Children can write best when they are writing about that which they know well.
Children can write down things that they're proud of, such as doing well in school or sports.
Children can write on Viking history in their own locality or in the country in general.
Children can write poems or stories about peace.
Children can write simple, yet meaningful, prayer petitions.
Children can write something they are thankful for that begins with each letter of the word.
Children can write stories, do math, reflect on history.
Children can write stories, poems, and reports within the shapes.
Children can write their names on masking tape to identify their cup.
Children can write their own stories, write about their day or draw in the journal.
Children can write to old friends, teachers and so on.
Children can write with the device in place.
Children can, however, take sauna baths totally safely, if some precautions are taken into account.
Children can, if protected by a set of ground rules, learn to be responsible for themselves.
Children caption their photo with thoughts and feelings about themselves.
Children capture magic in play.
Children care a lot about what other children think.
Children care and related children of link.
Children care for animals the world over.
Children care for siblings.
Children care for the elderly.
Children care for the environment by polishing wood, scrubbing floors, and dusting shelves.
Children care nothing about best-seller lists, awards, and book reviews.
Children carry a greater acceptance of multiple realities.
Children carry and work the clay in addition to painting designs on the pottery.
Children carry earthen water jars on their heads, smiling sweetly.
Children carry palm leaves to be blessed by the priest.
Children carry the surnames of both parents.
Children carry their mothers' surnames too.
Children carry their own chairs to school.
Children carry their younger brothers and sisters on their backs.
Children carry water and firewood, help with food preparation, and go to the market to buy and sell.
Children carry water from the river to their homes for their water needs.
Children carry younger children on their hips.
Children carrying yellow marigolds enjoy the processions to the cemetery.
Children casually collect stones from streambeds and flats.
Children catch balls.
Children catch fewer colds and illnesses.
Children catch many things while outside.
Children catch on quickly to their sourroundings.
Children catch the love of reading from their parents.
Children categorize their favorite breed of dog based on their characteristics.
Children cause an earthquake.
Children cavort on a frozen pond.
Children cavort on a playground.
Children celebrate and experience all Jewish holidays and traditions.
Children Celebrate Their Grandmothers.
Children cement the community.
Children certainly adapt to situations in their own way and in their own time.
Children chain themselves to the mud.
Children challenge each other in controlled group learning situations.
Children change at sometime around nine years to a more realistic understanding of death.
Children change everything.
Children change marriages dramatically.
Children change minds.
Children change teachers at least once a year.
Children change the earnings equations.
Children change the most rapidly during the first two years of life and as they reach adolescence.
Children change their behavior, usually for the worse.
Children chant out the dojo kun.
Children chart down their weekly prayers, and in so doing, are encouraged to pray for one another.
Children chart the preparations behind several familiar holidays.
Children chart the whereabouts of departing classmates on maps to ease the hurt.
Children chase butterflies.
Children chase each other down ladders into the plaza where dogs bark at their heels.
Children chase each other in packs, disappear into yellow doorways.
Children check in weekly, complete a craft with their group, and check out books.
Children check off the forms after they scoop the amount of play dough stated into separate dishes.
Children check out blueprints and follow instructions very much like young architects.
Children Check with a physician.
Children chill when the hearth grows cold.
Children choke more frequently than adults, usually on a toy or food fragment.
Children choose a gum drop and count out eight pretzel sticks.
Children choose a number then watch that amount of stars and the number appear on the screen.
Children choose a role model.
Children choose a selection of popular books.
Children choose a story and make puppets based on the characters in that story.
Children choose a utensil and sketch a design for a new and improved version.
Children choose activities and are encouraged to participate with their age groups.
Children choose alternatives.
Children choose among activity centers including sand play, blocks, art activities and pretend play.
Children choose an acceptable one, and can see the advantages of a win-win solution.
Children choose an animal and write adjectives that describe it.
Children choose an item to put on.
Children choose any of three characters they want to tell the story.
Children choose bad companions for a number of different reasons.
Children choose behavior.
Children choose books to read and find a spot where they are comfortable.
Children choose cereal and receive bag with milk and juice or fruit.
Children choose French, Latin, or Spanish by sixth grade.
Children choose from a wide variety of activities, as well as having time and room for free play.
Children choose from and are involved in a variety of activities which follow weekly themes.
Children choose from assorted pictures to find the one that goes with the recorded sound.
Children choose healthful alternatives.
Children choose just one from the pile and glue it on paper.
Children choose materials that are rough, mushy, and soft.
Children choose menus for meals.
Children choose one author or illustrator to study in detail.
Children choose one item at a time.
Children choose one of the cakes and draw around the outline of it onto a sheet of paper.
Children choose partners and move in space together.
Children choose projects.
Children choose stickers and find the scenes where they belong.
Children choose story character and write a letter to that character.
Children choose table activities.
Children choose the books they do for many reasons.
Children choose the center they wish to work in and decide on the amount of time to spend there.
Children choose the colour each item was before the big splash.
Children choose the pre-cut squares they wish to glue onto the creased squares of their papers.
Children choose their own reading material much of the time.
Children choose their tokens.
Children choose to have an eating disorder initially. . .
Children choose to hold the stools.
Children choose to participate in different clubs or activities.
Children choose two characters each from a different story they have read.
Children choose what they want to watch on television within the bounds of parental control.
Children choose when they want to start the questions.
Children choose which activity they want to work on.
Children choreograph their own dances by making choices in two ways.
Children circle the ancient spring.
Children circle the dinosaur that comes next in the pattern.
Children circle their programs with one color marker.
Children clamber in ignorance over it.
Children clean up at portable hand wash stations.
Children clean up beaches and become junior rangers.
Children clean up room with supervision.
Children clearly express the importance of their friends.
Children clearly progress at different rates in the various areas of development.
Children click on items in the picture made from wood products.
Children click on link below.
Children click on links below to take virtual tours of a park and a library.
Children click on places around town to learn how government affects their lives every day.
Children click on the following site.
Children click on the following sites.
Children climb all over it.
Children climb and play inside some of the works.
Children climb on furniture, play with cords or chains and can become entangled.
Children climb on furniture, play with cords or chains, and can become entangled.
Children climb on the empty bleachers, their scarves dangling from their necks.
Children climb over and under their legs but they keep their attention fixed on the front.
Children climb over hundreds of bags of sorghum to wait in line for their monthly ration.
Children climb the tower and view the lens.
Children cling to teddy bears while missing loved ones.
Children clinic with specialization in lung diseases and allergy.
Children cluster around the cages of a few deer and wolves.
Children collect a card from each pirate they click on.
Children collect and match leaves in a game of concentration.
Children collect and trade cards bearing Harrison police officers' pictures and career statistics.
Children collect autumn things on a nature walk and use books to identify plants etc.
Children collect fire-wood and shoot catapults at hapless dogs with deadly accuracy.
Children collect leaves and spray paint an outline of the leaf on a piece of paper.
Children collect non-perishable food items to be distributed to area food pantries.
Children collect pictures or bring in fancy dress costumes.
Children collect shiny rocks, colorful leaves, sticks and weird bugs.
Children collect their red envelopes, the ly cee, from the adults.
Children collect trading cards.
Children collect treasures to personalize their own treehouse.
Children collide with the legal system for a variety of reasons - some beyond their control.
Children color each shape to create patterns and designs.
Children color it based on specific instructions.
Children combine the skills learned to develop beginning routines.
Children come along at precisely the same time as young people are beginning their career.
Children come and build a wood project.
Children come and children go.
Children come and go.
Children come as they are.
Children come away knowing what excellence looks like for their particular age and grade level.
Children come back as adults with their children, and parents return as grandparents.
Children come dressed in their favorite character's costumes.
Children come first .
Children come first before school.
Children come first here too.
Children come first here.
Children come first.
Children Come First.
Children come for one hour, once per week, to practise and have fun with reading activities.
Children come for part or all of the day.
Children come for the fun and leave with a foundation of biblical instruction.
Children come free.
Children come from a variety of countries, cultures, and economic backgrounds.
Children come from a variety of economic backgrounds.
Children come from a wide range of cultural backgrounds.
Children come from across the United States to attend, though most are from the Islands.
Children come from all over the state to go there.
Children come from all over the world.
Children come from countries as diverse as Korea, Guatemala, Vietnam, India, China and Ukraine.
Children come from different backgrounds and have different beginnings.
Children come from home backgrounds that represent a wide array of socioeconomic levels.
Children come from many different backgrounds, with varying experiences.
Children come from the suburbs and the city.
Children come here after school for a nutritious snack and dinner.
Children come here as young as three years old.
Children come here to pick up small fish dropped from the boats.
Children come home after school and turn on the TV or the CD player.
Children come home and visit their parents.
Children come home each weekend to practice new skills .
Children come home from school and toss their backpacks on the floor.
Children come home to empty houses with sixty-nine percent of parents in the work force.
Children come home with warnings about cholesterol from school health classes.
Children come home.
Children come in - taking off coats, hats and throw in a corner or on a chair.
Children come in all different shapes and sizes.
Children come in all sizes and shapes that are perfectly normal.
Children come in contact.
Children come in many sizes and shapes with many different abilities.
Children come in, grab a piece of clay and start to play with it.
Children come inside at dusk with red bumps covering their arms, legs, faces and necks.
Children come into child care from a variety of family situations.
Children come into church for part of the service.
Children come into the classroom with different levels of preparation, as do their teachers.
Children come into the custody of the state from several different avenues.
Children come into the world easily sacred.
Children come into the world ready to learn and to love.
Children come out with funny things and are a joy to behold.
Children come running behind the truck.
Children come running out.
Children come running with their mothers' scissors for sharpening.
Children come second.
Children come telling their shocking stories of drug abuse and attempts of suicide.
Children come there after school for tutoring.
Children come to associate violence with entertainment.
Children come to church.
Children come to early childhood music experiences from diverse backgrounds.
Children come to feel connected with nature, and to have respect for their surroundings.
Children come to feel loved and accepted by being loved and accepted by people they look up to.
Children come to houses.
Children come to learn the shape of the liturgy's ordo.
Children come to meet the boat, offering to take passengers on walking tours.
Children come to offices.
Children come to our cars and our front doors with guns in hand.
Children come to play and do homework.
Children come to reading in different ways.
Children come to realize that it takes teamwork to plan and execute a performance.
Children come to school abused and mistreated.
Children come to school at their regular time and are asked to dress up for the occasion.
Children come to school eager and excited about learning.
Children come to school from a variety of different cultural and family backgrounds.
Children come to school from different remote places.
Children come to school having been deeply conditioned by the biases of television.
Children come to school having had a range of experiences and literacies.
Children come to school in a wide variety of states and at different levels of preparedness.
Children come to school ready to learn.
Children come to school shabbily dressed and without shoes.
Children come to school tired, having already worked several hours in the groves.
Children come to school with a range of geographical ideas and abilities.
Children come to school with little exposure to print, sounds, and words.
Children come to school with varying degrees of reading preparation.
Children come to see the new animals in the petting zoo.
Children come to the facility from all over the state.
Children come to the foundation in many ways.
Children come to the library and are immersed in the world of books.
Children come to the program at various times.
Children come to the sanctuary for half an hour of Bible stories, prayer, and music.
Children come to understand the principles of conservation.
Children come with gifts of art, from their hearts.
Children come with special differences, too.
Children come with their schools, their parents and their grandparents.
Children come, grow and go.
Children coming from such homes are generally mentally unstable, in constant turmoil, and weak.
Children coming into foster care are very high risk, they have more severe levels of disturbance.
Children coming into the membership of cells are quick to notice an inclusive atmosphere.
Children coming through some clandestine immigration channel pose a real problem.
Children coming to the shelter often find the changes quite traumatic.
Children commonly experience loyalty conflicts between biological parent and stepparent.
Children commonly experience unleveling of the spine.
Children commonly get the flu and infect other family members.
Children commonly go through a brief period of restlessness before becoming very floppy.
Children commonly have secondary bacterial infections with pustules, bullous impetigo, and ecthyma.
Children commonly start out in support positions, acting as porters, cooks, spies, or sexual slaves.
Children communicate differently.
Children communicate ideas and feelings through drawing, movement, and song.
Children communicate problem-solving strategies as they paint with brushes attached to their bodies.
Children communicate their feelings through whining and nagging.
Children communicate their needs both verbally and non-verbally, intentionally and unintentionally.
Children communicate their plans to their parents.
Children communicate through non-verbal means, especially when they are distressed.
Children communicate to parents much more than words or ideas.
Children communicate to their teachers and peers how they solved the problems.
Children communicate to their teaches and peers how they solved the problems.
Children communicate using a variety of methods.
Children communicate, verbally and nonverbally, what they are doing and what they have done.
Children compare and contrast characteristics of fish and whales.
Children compare and contrast Japan and China.
Children compare differences in temperature of water, air and land.
Children compare different shapes.
Children compare dimensions, classic shapes and discriminate between size, and colour.
Children compare shapes.
Children compare, describe, and sort as they begin to form explanations of the world.
Children compete for the attention of their parents, their teachers, their friends.
Children compete for their parents' attention and approval.
Children compete in races and the principal awards prizes.
Children compete to see who can get the next one the quickest.
Children compete to see who can read the most books.
Children compete with grown-ups for money, resources, for love.
Children complain about air pollution Bremen.
Children complete a household filled with things.
Children complete a poem called The Haunted House Rap.
Children complete activities to earn prizes or awards.
Children complete activities.
Children complete at least half of the activities in the booklet at the parks, forests, or at home.
Children complete ceramic pieces that are fired, painted and glazed.
Children complete the cloze sheet Bushrangers.
Children complete the first side of the written practice in class with the teacher's assistance.
Children complete the scenes on each page while reading along to some of their old-time favorites.
Children completing the program receive a nature's sleuth prize.
Children comply easier to adult instructions.
Children compose the main suffering lot.
Children comprehend language more than they are able to express.
Children concentrate and persevere very well.
Children conduct their own experiments, create art and use a simulated Internet.
Children confuse poisons with safe items.
Children confuse the conventional with the right, just as grown-up persons often do.
Children connotes a minor or a helpless adult a.
Children connotes a minor or a helpless adult.
Children consider it unconscionable to let a parent sleep or eat a hot meal.
Children consider their teachers simply as third persons.
Children consistently test authority.
Children consolidate what they are learning as they play with what they already know.
Children constantly combat control and privacy issues with their parents.
Children constantly explore their environment and tend to put things in their mouths.
Children constantly look to adults to see how to act.
Children constantly rekindle hope and appreciation - and they have excellent bullshit detectors.
Children constantly rekindle hope and appreciation, and they have excellent bullshit detectors.
Children constantly try to make sense of themselves and their world.
Children constitute one of the most vulnerable groups within the boundaries of any state.
Children constitute the largest number of the displaced populations.
Children construct a chain made from hand prints on construction paper.
Children construct a world of permanent objects.
Children construct containers and test drop from various heights.
Children construct meaning and understand concepts better through the use of manipulatives.
Children construct meaning from their experiences.
Children construct their own knowledge by actively participating in their learning.
Children construct their own knowledge through active engagement with people and materials.
Children construct their world through interaction within the environment.
Children construct theories of the world through their reading.
Children construct useful objects to keep or give as presents.
Children construct, observe, discuss, and read about land and water ecosystems.
Children consume amounts.
Children consume calories.
Children consume fish.
Children consume lake michigan fish.
Children consume more calories of food.
Children consume more calories.
Children consume proteins.
Children consume soda.
Children consume TV, movies, and books.
Children consume water.
Children continually search for new concepts so symbols constantly change.
Children continually stop what they are doing and look at the screen.
Children continually struggle to understand new information that is difficult to understand.
Children continue as nonconsenters, of course, although there are dissenters even here.
Children continue education.
Children continue in their exploration of themselves.
Children continue to account for many of the casualties in Middle East conflict.
Children continue to acquire language skill through life.
Children continue to be a focal point in the town.
Children continue to be among the most significant and tragic victims of violence.
Children continue to be an important source of support in other ways as well.
Children continue to be denied treatment.
Children continue to be exploited in obscene and inhuman ways.
Children continue to be exposed to cancer-causing pesticides.
Children continue to be in control as they begin to eat food.
Children continue to be involved in violent conflicts in a number of areas of the world.
Children continue to come to our staff everyday, and many have to be turned away.
Children continue to die every day from entirely preventable diseases.
Children continue to experience the connection between freedom and responsibility.
Children continue to get lured into the gang culture.
Children continue to have children.
Children continue to kill themselves and take out their schoolmates.
Children continue to monitor environmental quality and keep vigilance.
Children continue to participate in our unique after-school programs in large numbers.
Children continue to play a critical social and economic role.
Children continue to play in parks, school playgrounds, etc.
Children continue to study their words and to play spelling games.
Children continue to suffer from hunger and malnutrition, as well as from water-related diseases.
Children continue to suffer from malnutrition.
Children continue to suffer from the inequalities of apartheid, especially in the area of education.
Children continue to use invented spelling for their drafts.
Children continue worship as listed in insert.
Children contribute their artwork, which depicts their meaning of family.
Children contribute to expansion.
Children contribute to group projects according to their skill level.
Children contribute to household income.
Children control the actions, mood and speech of a delightful cast of castle inhabitants.
Children control the level of difficulty, the pace and direction of the program.
Children convert a short piece of prose about a hippopotamus into a rap.
Children cool faster than adults.
Children cool quicker than adults because they have more surface area compared to body mass.
Children cooperate with others in the group to construct or produce something.
Children cope best if they understand what is happening.
Children cope better in a truthful environment.
Children cope better with complicated scheduling if they feel they have had some input.
Children cope in different ways.
Children cope using relaxation techniques and adaptations.
Children cope with problems by way of thinking.
Children cope with teasing in a variety of ways. .
Children cope with their abuse in many ways.
Children copy designs on brown paper using black vivid, colouring in with black vivid or indian ink.
Children copy parental attitudes.
Children copy the violence seen on TV and in films.
Children copy the way that adults do it, but chimps mainly figure it out for themselves.
Children copy their parent s behavior.
Children copy their parents, brothers and sisters.
Children copy their parents.
Children copy what adults and older children do.
Children copy what they see and hear.
Children copy what they see, or hear.
Children copy what they see.
Children copycat their elder brothers.
Children correct themselves through control of error.
Children cost so much money it is unbelievable.
Children cough uncontrollably and make a whooping sound as they try to breathe.
Children count as adults.
Children count off and run sequentially across the circle without delay creating a pinball effect.
Children count out pennies for chewing gum.
Children count sets, grouping the objects in sets of ten.
Children count the apples under each color and put a numeral under each column.
Children count the number of birds, apples, and other objects until they reach the required number.
Children count the objects on each card then place it with the appropriate number card.
Children count to ten with simple rhymes and brightly colored objects.
Children count, spell, think, listen, discuss, read and share.
Children cover all of the white paper with a heavy layer of colored chalk.
Children cower in fear.
Children crave attention.
Children crave direction.
Children crave drama and are starved for new words and expressions.
Children crave motor gratification as they grow up.
Children crave the love and respect of their parents.
Children crawl on factory floors beneath the assembly lines.
Children crawl on the ground and put their hands in their mouths.
Children crawl on the ground and put their hands, fingers, and objects in their mouths.
Children crawling on the floor can get dust on their hands just by playing.
Children create a chart of their extended family and draw pictures of their favorite relatives.
Children create a collage to illustrate how people prepare for seasonal change.
Children create a permanent portfolio of their artwork.
Children create a presentation about fruit or vegetable farming.
Children create a puppet by creating a face on a paper bag using the materials at hand.
Children create a story relating to the ocean.
Children create a tremendous challenge for adults.
Children create an ocean picture with showing sea creatures in their habitat.
Children create and manage business ventures that produce goods and services.
Children create and publish original pieces in class using music software.
Children create and publish poems, stories, and books using the computer.
Children create and then perform their own version of a classic fairy tale complete with costumes.
Children create art in reproductions of both a fifteenth-century studio and contemporary studio.
Children create artwork and toys with hands-on guidance using different mediums and techniques.
Children create birth announcements for their babies.
Children create book pages illustrating animals that humans are currently trying to save.
Children create crafts from different countries.
Children create faces on toast rounds.
Children create floor plan for their ideal community center.
Children create graphs of shells based on bivalves and gastropods.
Children create intense between-group contrasts.
Children create it.
Children create mini habitats using living and nonliving things.
Children create music using simple rhythm and melody instruments.
Children create musical masterpieces simply by playing with blocks.
Children create new mathematical knowledge by reflecting on their physical and mental actions.
Children create personalized displays of their neighborhood now and in their dreams.
Children create pottery, baskets and gourds containers.
Children create recipe charts and menus.
Children create simple Origami sculptures.
Children create strange sentences to avoid important words.
Children create their own art work by reflecting and rotating the material.
Children create their own bear story book design, showing placement of text and illustrations.
Children create their own card games while learning to add coin values and make change.
Children create their own grammars from what they hear.
Children create their own language.
Children create their own stories using the ideas found in the language experience story.
Children create their own stories using the stamps and imagination.
Children create their own version of bee hives from their playdoh on very clean paper plates.
Children create themselves through purposeful activity.
Children create tremendous challenges for adults.
Children create, explore and learn.
Children create, prepare, and enjoy culinary classics each day.
Children critique their science practices.
Children Critique Their Science Practices.
Children cross cultural lines And other news for the area.
Children cross racial lines more often than gender lines in classroom communication.
Children crowd around the boats excitedly examining the days' catch.
Children cruise free of charge.
Children cry and call out to their parents.
Children cry and turn, running into things.
Children cry and whine or roam aimlessly drooling suckers from their mouths.
Children cry out for fairness.
Children cry out in sleep.
Children cry play and suck their thumbs.
Children cry spontaneously after having experienced any kind of stress or trauma.
Children cry until they are walked about.
Children cry, scream, and laugh readily.
Children cultivate an interest and pleasure in museums while learning the concept of time.
Children currently participating in the class have first chance at the slots.
Children dance and play the tambourines.
Children dance around a maypole on the lawn in front of the legislative buildings.
Children dance in the aisles.
Children dance joyfully near the platform.
Children dance out a story about a day in the life of a leaf with the teacher.
Children dance through fields of poppies and visitors jog along the headlands.
Children dance when they celebrate.
Children dancing with ribbons around the maypole, parades, music and fun fill the week.
Children dart here and there playing tag.
Children dart here and there, laughing, playing, practicing their warrior skills.
Children daydreaming lose their sense of time.
Children deal directly with the best books, music and art.
Children deal with bits and pieces of reality as they mature.
Children deal with death.
Children deal with grief in their own way.
Children decide how to sculpt, collage, paint, and color.
Children decide the identity of the doll.
Children decide what is important to show on their maps and what symbols to use.
Children decide where the original idea for a favourite story came from.
Children decide which web sites that they want to visit.
Children declare that gum found on the pavement is a delicacy.
Children decorate brown grocery bags to celebrate earthday and increase environmental awareness.
Children decorate lunchbox shape.
Children decorate the face with crayons.
Children decorate their bags.
Children dedicate their lives to outsmarting their parents.
Children define family on the basis of their own personal experiences.
Children define themselves by external factors.
Children define themselves in terms of their appearance, possessions, and activities.
Children definitely make a difference.
Children definitely recover more quickly than adults from hip and knee fractures.
Children dehydrate much more quickly, burn more quickly, get sicker from toxins.
Children dehydrate quickly because of their frenetic movements while playing and chasing.
Children delight in activities that are in the zone of their current development.
Children delight in hearing favorite stories read over and over again.
Children delight in helping and learn as they create, too.
Children delight in it.
Children delight in making art and are so proud when they are honored for their achievements.
Children delight in retelling traditional stories on a magnet board.
Children delight in simply moving a pen or crayon around, taking interest in whatever appears.
Children delight in their sweetness.
Children delight in walking among the many nursery rhyme characters dotted among the flower beds.
Children delight in watching the boats along Plymouth harbor.
Children demand care.
Children demand food and other life-goods without paying a price.
Children demand freedom.
Children demand parental care.
Children demonstrate different ways of knowing, learning, and representing what they know.
Children demonstrate how to catch and study insects.
Children demonstrate it with stacks of wooden blocks, doing physics at a very early age.
Children demonstrate knowledge.
Children demonstrate patriotism in different ways.
Children demonstrate the ability to reason systematically in reference to tangible objects.
Children demonstrate their learnings throughout the day.
Children demonstrate their understanding through a variety of meaningful projects.
Children demonstrating toileting resistance or refusal tend to have more difficult temperaments.
Children depart from their parents' ways.
Children depend on age and bed usage.
Children depend on daily routines.
Children depend on their families for material needs, stimulation and guidance.
Children depend on their parents and families for protection, survival, and development.
Children depend on their parents for emotional security.
Children depend on their parents.
Children depend upon parental care.
Children depend wholly on the correctness of their parent's judgment for their safety.
Children derive pleasure from sex organs.
Children derive their self-esteem in part from their feelings of respect for their parents.
Children descend into the holes and pass up buckets of dirt, which are sifted through by hand.
Children describe all the things they like about themselves.
Children describe it as a frightening, chest-crushing feeling.
Children describe observations.
Children describe shapes.
Children describe their image of scientists also through responses to questionnaires.
Children describe what they find and draw it on paper.
Children deserve a chance to grow up and be well fed and educated.
Children deserve a chance to grow.
Children deserve a chance to succeed in our society.
Children deserve a childhood.
Children deserve a family.
Children deserve a little praise For tasks they're asked to do If they're to lead a happy life.
Children deserve a little praise For tasks they're asked to do.
Children deserve a little praise for What they're asked to do.
Children deserve a permanent place to grow up.
Children deserve a responsible level of care when they are entrusted to an adult.
Children deserve a safe and secure learning environment.
Children deserve a safe place to learn and grow.
Children deserve a safe setting to learn in.
Children deserve a safe, positive, nurturing, and age appropriate learning environment.
Children deserve all the nourishment and care they can get.
Children deserve an interesting, aesthetically pleasing environment.
Children deserve better than phony self-esteem.
Children deserve better treatment.
Children deserve better.
Children deserve encouragement For tasks they're asked to do.
Children deserve food free from unsafe pesticides.
Children deserve honest answers, regardless of their age.
Children deserve humane treatment and proper living conditions.
Children deserve it.
Children Deserve It.
Children deserve literature .
Children deserve more.
Children deserve most of the credit for the language they acquire.
Children deserve nothing less.
Children deserve optimum health and require the highest quality health care.
Children deserve our care and concern.
Children deserve our love and care.
Children deserve our strongest love and yet helplessly suffer in many parts of the world.
Children deserve quality education.
Children deserve quality schools and parents can t wait for more studies.
Children deserve rewards.
Children deserve safe schools.
Children deserve something special on their birthdays.
Children deserve special consideration.
Children deserve teachers, schools, and programs that demand and meet high standards.
Children deserve the best life can offer - a peaceful, clean, just, and safe world.
Children deserve the best.
Children deserve the chance to be kids.
Children deserve the common courtesies which adults use with each other.
Children deserve the opportunity to make their own decisions about testing when they become adults.
Children deserve the right to grow up safe and healthy.
Children deserve the right to health care, regardless of their parents' income.
Children deserve the right to manage their feelings about their bodies as they develop.
Children deserve the same level of protection from assault as adults.
Children deserve the same level of protection from assaults as adults.
Children deserve the same respect as adults about their therapy.
Children deserve the stability, warmth and safety of a loving home.
Children deserve their questions answered.
Children deserve to be protected.
Children deserve to be safe and secure.
Children deserve to be safe.
Children deserve to be treasured.
Children deserve to experience the wonderful world of music.
Children deserve to grow up in healthy, safe, loving families.
Children deserve to grow up with self-esteem and good education.
Children deserve to have a fair, free and appropriate education.
Children deserve to have more than just a nodding acquaintance with the best authors.
Children deserve to have the consistent and loving attention of their parents.
Children deserve to have the constant and loving attention of their parents.
Children deserve to learn in a safe and positive environment where love and care are demonstrated.
Children deserve to read language handled expertly in such a tingling way.
Children deserve to understand what they're seeing, hearing and reading.
Children deserve understanding, respect, and the chance to learn and be all that they can be.
Children design a kitchen showing the different places to store food.
Children design a model of a paper-making machine.
Children design a safety poster about Keeping Safe at Home.
Children design a safety poster to put up at school.
Children design and create artistic messages about their wishes, dreams, or desires.
Children design the car of the future.
Children design the survey, select a survey sample, collect data and analyse the results.
Children design their sandwich.
Children desire a happy two-parent family.
Children desire balloons.
Children desire candy.
Children desire ice cream.
Children desire jumps.
Children desire love.
Children desire loveds.
Children desire play games.
Children desire play sports.
Children desire to participate and serve.
Children destroy properties.
Children determine what they learn, when they learn, how they learn, and why they learn.
Children develop a classifying system to sort shells .
Children develop a concept of themselves as they gain competence and master skills.
Children develop a dependence on external stimulation.
Children develop a healthy self-concept and a love of learning.
Children develop a healthy self-concept.
Children develop a love for certain authors in the early grades.
Children develop a positive picture of what really matters, and how life can ideally work.
Children develop a range of coping strategies themselves, e.g. group viewing, ridicule, hiding, etc.
Children develop a readiness to grasp abstract concepts at different ages.
Children develop a self-extending system of learning to read and write.
Children develop a sense of belonging by regular attendance.
Children develop a sense of comfort from routine. and regularity.
Children develop a sense of family with their classmates.
Children develop a sense of order when they live in an organized environment.
Children develop a sense of purpose through observations and internalization.
Children develop a sense of self-worth early in life from their parents.
Children develop a sense of who they are at a very young age.
Children develop a sense of willingness and wanting to try new activities.
Children develop a strong emotional bond to their parents or competent caretakers.
Children develop a working knowledge of rhythm, notes, and musical symbols.
Children develop ability.
Children develop according to their individual timetables.
Children develop allergies.
Children develop an attitude of willingness and wanting to try new things.
Children develop an awareness of the sounds of our language naturally.
Children develop an early fascination for trucks, fire engines, trains and other large machines.
Children develop an interest in reading through listening to stories read aloud as well.
Children develop an interest in the music they hear at home.
Children develop an understanding of the concept of immigration and reasons that people immigrate.
Children develop an understanding of the concept of immigration and reasons why people immigrate.
Children develop an understanding of their brothers and sisters, and help each other learn.
Children develop an understanding that being part of a group involves responsibilities and rights.
Children develop and learn at different rates and in different ways.
Children develop and learn best in an environment where they are safe and valued.
Children develop and learn differently than adults.
Children develop and learn in different ways over different periods of time.
Children develop and mature at different rates.
Children develop at different levels .
Children develop at different levels.
Children develop at different rates and in different ways.
Children develop at different rates and learn to read at different rates.
Children develop at different rates, both physically and psychologically.
Children develop at different rates, but most follow a general timeline.
Children develop at different rates, so it is risky to generalize.
Children develop at different rates, some faster than others.
Children develop at different rates.
Children develop at their own pace.
Children develop at various rates.
Children develop attachment representations in the course of experiences with attachment figures.
Children develop attitudes about food early in life.
Children develop behavior based on what they have experienced growing up.
Children develop best in a loving and secure environment where their parents love each other.
Children develop better skills if their toys are varied and educational.
Children develop bi-ventricular failure.
Children develop bonds.
Children develop both gross and fine motor skills.
Children develop character by what they see, by what they hear, and by what they repeatedly do.
Children develop complex proof procedures to argue their positions.
Children develop computer skills and learn how to call up an image.
Children develop concepts and skills to make responsible decisions about soil conservation.
Children develop conditions.
Children develop confidence and independent thinking away from the peer pressure to conform.
Children develop confidence and independent thinking.
Children develop creativity, concentration, problem-solving, and language skills.
Children develop deep, healthy roots when they spend time in safe places.
Children develop diarrhoea when teeth start to develop.
Children develop ear training by matching thunder bells, chimes, and so on.
Children develop eat habits.
Children develop emotional and social skills that complement their intellectual competencies.
Children develop expectations about marital conflict from their past experience.
Children develop expectations about their environment through organizing patterns.
Children develop fever headaches.
Children develop fewer allergies.
Children develop fine motor skills, like pouring juice.
Children develop fine motor skills.
Children develop friendships based on interest and maturity, regardless of age.
Children develop friendships based on interest, regardless of age.
Children develop greater self-confidence, as they realize that they can excel.
Children develop gross motor skills, muscle strength, flexibility, balance, coordination and rhythm.
Children develop habits.
Children develop headaches.
Children develop healthy eat habits.
Children develop healthy habits.
Children develop in a sequence, which is pretty universal.
Children develop in different areas at the same time.
Children develop in different ways, each with their own individual personalities.
Children develop in different ways.
Children develop in order to achieve life s goals.
Children develop increased confidence and self-awareness.
Children develop interest and ability in reading a variety of texts and genres.
Children Develop It.
Children develop knowledge about nutrition, manners and making proper eating a habit.
Children develop language on about the same schedule, regardless of the language they are learning.
Children develop language skills at an astounding rate.
Children develop language skills from their interactions with others.
Children develop life.
Children develop literacy skills by reading, writing, speaking, and listening.
Children develop literate behavior in a context that is social, interactive and holistic.
Children develop logic and are able to use rules and units.
Children develop map reading and spatial skills at different rates.
Children develop math and social skills while receiving rewards.
Children develop math understandings in every day situations.
Children develop methemoglobinemia more readily than do adults.
Children develop moral behavior when confronted with moral dilemmas.
Children develop morality slowly and in stages.
Children develop morality slowly, and in stages.
Children develop more power the longer they are involved in such work.
Children develop most of their learning and reading habits at home.
Children develop motor skills, visual perception and social behavior.
Children develop motor skills.
Children develop new friendships.
Children develop new motor skills and practice increases their dexterity.
Children develop normal moles throughout their childhood and into young adulthood.
Children develop peanut allergies.
Children develop physical coordination and begin to lose the clumsiness of early childhood.
Children develop physically at different ages.
Children develop physically, socially, and mentally by participating everyday.
Children develop print and phonemic awareness and learn about how the alphabet works.
Children develop problem solving skills as they learn that there are many ways to solve the puzzles.
Children develop process skills of comparing, classifying, and drawing conclusions.
Children develop rapidly in their first few years of life.
Children develop reading comprehension, vocabulary, word recognition skills and more.
Children develop reading comprehension, vocabulary, word recognition skills, and more.
Children develop reading skills, comprehension and vocabulary.
Children develop reasoning abilities as their capacity to use language expands.
Children develop relationships with parents, grandparents, aunts, uncles, and cousins.
Children develop respect for adults who earn their trust and love.
Children develop self-confidence and a strong sense of ensemble.
Children develop self-confidence from solving problems appropriate to their abilities.
Children develop self-esteem by learning to deal with everyday situations.
Children develop self-esteem when they learn to feed themselves.
Children develop side effects and drug toxicities at different frequencies than adults.
Children develop skills at different ages.
Children develop skills in cooperative and independent play.
Children develop skills, values and habits of mind crucial to their personal growth and development.
Children develop skills.
Children develop skills.
Children develop socially, have fun and get prepared for kindergarten.
Children develop special friendships among themselves.
Children develop speech abilities at different rates and ages.
Children develop speech, however, at different rates.
Children develop speech, language, and hearing skills at different ages.
Children develop stereotypes from very early in their lives.
Children develop story comprehension by making pretend movies.
Children develop stronger social, cognitive, language, and school adjustment skills.
Children develop taste.
Children develop the ability to attend and respond to the selected material.
Children develop the ability to deal with words symbolically and representationally.
Children develop the habits and the love of learning, so essential to their future.
Children develop the symptoms of mercury poisoning more quickly and severely than adults.
Children develop their abilities to control themselves at different rates.
Children develop their imagination, perception, language, logic and math skills.
Children develop their imaginations while building confidence and group skills.
Children develop their long-term memory through multisensory methods.
Children develop their understanding of pitch from the instruments that they hear and play.
Children develop theories at a much earlier age than previously thought.
Children develop tools for learning as they master academic skills.
Children develop types.
Children develop vocal and body awareness as they clap, tap, dance, and sing.
Children develop voting habits early.
Children develop water safety skills.
Children develop within the context of a family.
Children devise their own solution strategies.
Children diagnose with attachment disorder.
Children diagnose with disorder.
Children dictate a short story about their animals.
Children didn t go to the fields until the age of six or seven.
Children die and suffer and people are treated worse than is humanly possible to imagine.
Children die at all ages.
Children die because of our lack of concern and compassion.
Children die before being put to death.
Children die differently than adults, and their homicides are often trickier to detect.
Children die each hour from preventable diseases such as measles and malarie.
Children die every day due to a lot of preventable accidents.
Children die every day from accidental shootings.
Children die every day.
Children die every year because their strings get caught in playground equipment.
Children die from asthma attacks.
Children die from being trapped under garage doors with automatic openers.
Children die from complications of asthma.
Children die from dysentery, and dehydration.
Children die from sniffing inhalants in common household products.
Children die from such easily treatable conditions as diarrhea and dehydration.
Children die from what are now only minor illnesses in the developed world.
Children die in Paducah and the NRA writes a politician a check.
Children die of starvation in Long Meadow.
Children die or learn to live without limbs every month because of poor surgical equipment.
Children die sometimes.
Children die young.
Children die, go missing or suffer from sexual abuse as a result of encounters on the Internet.
Children die, having done nothing wrong except to find themselves standing in the wrong place.
Children differ biologically from adults as they are at different stages of growth and development.
Children differ from their previous and future selves.
Children differ in how long they are comfortable being away from each parent.
Children differ in intensity with which they usually express emotion.
Children differ in temperament.
Children differ in their character traits.
Children differ in their interests, abilities, needs, and backgrounds.
Children differ in their interests, personalities and aptitudes.
Children differ in their motivation.
Children differ in their needs for food and their feelings about it.
Children differ in their physical and mental growth.
Children differ in their physical, social and intellectual development.
Children differentiate between real violence and choreographed violence.
Children dig for worms, design gardens, and smell herbs.
Children dining at the restaurant also get paper and crayons to create their own interpretations.
Children dip a finger into yellow paint and make a fingerprint flame at the top of each candle.
Children dip large colored chalk into starch and draw on paper on easel.
Children dip string in different colors of paint and make designs on paper.
Children dip the chalk into the water before drawing on their manilla paper flower cut-outs.
Children dip their fingers into the water and wet the egg.
Children direct their own education.
Children disappear every day.
Children disappear from their houses, school yards, and walking on the street.
Children disappear without a trace.
Children discount on flights on request.
Children discover a living laboratory where fresh river water meets salty ocean water.
Children discover and learn through play and social contact with others.
Children discover as part of separation-individuation, that they can have different thoughts.
Children discover as they grow up that life isn t always disposed to comply with their wishes.
Children discover dozens of animations bundled with humor, voices and great music.
Children discover geologic and volcanic features and processes.
Children discover how actions work with prayer to change the world.
Children discover how weight can be transferred from one body part to another eg.
Children discover instruments.
Children discover many harsh realities in their rapidly growing world.
Children discover that there are eight ways to learn in an age-appropriate manner.
Children discover that they can like the same things and still be different.
Children discover that they really can climb a mountain.
Children discover the importance of trees as homes for animals.
Children discover the magic of science as they learn about their bodies.
Children discover the poser of air as they levitate a ball.
Children discover the properties of density as they turn the bottle.
Children discover the surprising answers here.
Children discover the truth about Santa early.
Children discover the world of insects through a nature walk, and by designing their own bugs.
Children discover the world of texture, line shape, and color as they create original artwork.
Children discover the world through play.
Children discover their power to save the world.
Children discover they have surrogate spiritual grandparents.
Children discuss differences.
Children discuss each of the three areas in small groups.
Children discuss feelings and experiences relating to a selection.
Children discuss how they feel about their costume and say why they made it.
Children discuss methods.
Children discuss negative results of using tobacco, alcohol, inhalants, and other drugs.
Children discuss plans and work collaboratively in carrying out inquiry activities.
Children discuss similarities and differences between Japanese and Chinese New Years.
Children discuss the bear and build up a list of descriptive words.
Children discuss the reasons for any variations.
Children discuss the textures of various materials.
Children discuss things they fear or once feared.
Children discuss ways they can help modify their lunches.
Children discuss what they did, then draw and write about it.
Children discuss why dancers in a corroboree paint their bodies.
Children dislike to be carried or raised.
Children dislike washing.
Children disperse fat droplets in milk to create swirling colors.
Children display an innocence and a trust that all adults strive to obtain.
Children display behavior.
Children display the different movements of sound waves in a graphics programme.
Children divide by gender in play.
Children divide into two teams and compete one at a time.
Children do a collage of various sizes and colors of t issue paper t riangles.
Children do a variety of games and crafts and sometimes get homework help.
Children do a w axed paper and w allpaper scraps collage.
Children do adjust and they are truly resilient.
Children do all the time.
Children do apple prints on an A cutout, using thick paint.
Children do best in a two-parent family.
Children do best in an atmosphere of support and caring.
Children do best when they are raised by two happily married parents.
Children do best when they have the personal involvement and material support of their parents.
Children do best when they know what to expect.
Children do best with planned routines.
Children do better in all measures of achievement and stability when raised by both parents.
Children do better in school and feel more secure.
Children do better in two-parent families.
Children do better on tests, when they start the day with a good morning meal.
Children do better when parents are involved.
Children do better when their families are involved in their education and their schools.
Children do better when they feel better.
Children do better when they feel good about themselves.
Children do better with single fathers than with single mothers.
Children do deserve some privacy.
Children do develop at different rates, however.
Children do die at times and their mother does go on living, essentially unchanged.
Children do die, so there are workshops on death, dying and how to deal with that too.
Children do die.
Children do differ in their response to a parent s mental illness.
Children do differ.
Children do different things at different ages.
Children do easel painting, table painting, finger painting, and object painting.
Children do enjoy other children.
Children do enough self-disparaging when they fail.
Children do eventually grow out of tracheobronchomalacia.
Children do experience lots of positive evidence from their mother tongue language.
Children do experiments.
Children do fantasize.
Children do get into mischief, intentional and otherwise.
Children do get migraines.
Children do get mixed messages about a travesty that in their real world makes no sense.
Children do get tonsillitis, earache, and comman colds.
Children do go through a lot when they lose a parent, either through death or divorce.
Children do go through cycles of significant fears.
Children do grow out of the otitis years.
Children do grow up so fast.
Children do have access to our newsgroup.
Children do have fears and concerns about death.
Children do have other outlets.
Children do have some rights from international and national legislation.
Children do have that ability.
Children do have the ability to respond quickly to careful, loving and truthful counsel.
Children do have the right to effective health care.
Children do have the scripturally-mandated right to be loved and cared for.
Children do have their mission.
Children do homework when it is assigned.
Children do homework when it s assigned.
Children do however look forward to gifts during the season.
Children do imitate what they see.
Children do it a lot while they're learning new words.
Children do it all life long.
Children do it all the time to one another verbally, as do adults.
Children do it all the time when they're playing.
Children do it frequently.
Children do it more than adults, and men more than women.
Children do it with ease, fluidity and no problem with consistency.
Children do it.
Children do learn from their environment.
Children do learn from their parents.
Children do learn in giant leaps and bounds, which is valuable.
Children do like to be helpful, and far from being lazy, they usually have more energy than adults.
Children do like to be shown what to do, how to do it and to have mistakes corrected.
Children do like vegetable soup.
Children do listen to their parents, and they do play a role in their choices.
Children do listen, and once disrespect is modeled, it has a viral effect on character and trust.
Children do listen.
Children do live up to expectations.
Children do locomotor movement specified by teacher in random pathways until music stops.
Children do make choices.
Children do make healthy choices if given the opportunity.
Children do make their voices heard.
Children do model themselves after their parents.
Children do more than entertain themselves as they play.
Children do nothing but live and in return receive care, food, and clothing.
Children do p olka-dot p ainting on p aper p lates.
Children do play therapy.
Children do really well in children's groups.
Children do recover from tantrums.
Children do recover.
Children do remember the strangest things.
Children do say and do the funniest things.
Children do so much better when they've had adequate sleep and are eating regularly.
Children do sometimes hurt themselves thrashing or running around.
Children do specifically ask for pens, also any candy is appreciated.
Children do suffer from disorders once thought only to affect adults.
Children do swim the first class meeting.
Children do take their work seriously and are encouraged to do so.
Children do tend to play in mulched areas.
Children do that all over the world and they can be managed just fine.
Children do that very well.
Children do that when they are frightened.
Children do that, after all.
Children do that.
Children do the best that they can to get by and have a good life.
Children do the best they can to sort out life's events and find a way to feel in control.
Children do the same activities whenever possible.
Children do the same thing without knowing it.
Children do the stupidest things some times.
Children do their best learning when they are excited about something.
Children do their homework under the watchful eye of a parent who is cooking.
Children do things that are irritating and obnoxious.
Children do things that are status offenses for many reasons.
Children do things that they enjoy doing.
Children do too.
Children do understand.
Children do want to know about their origins.
Children do well on the diet, growing strong and healthy with normal cholesterol levels.
Children do what they want, when they want.
Children do what works.
Children do work when they go up and down on a see-saw.
Children do work, send it by email for publication.
Children do z ucchini squash prints.
Children do, for the most part, what they are taught.
Children do, however, get first-rate sex education and they're able learners.
Children do, indeed, say the darndest things.
Children do, they do eat up their parents' lives, and particularly their female parents'.
Children do, though, learn from such treatment.
Children don protective hats in a disaster drill.
Children don safety goggles and use digging tools to unearth the skeleton.
Children don t always repeat the same pattern when they grow up.
Children don t break down or crash like computers.
Children don' t come off the rack either.
Children don t come with instructions.
Children don t follow what the parents say.
Children don t give money any more to their parents.
Children don t have a lot of opportunities to be in control.
Children don t have the knowledge, experience or ability to do so.
Children don t have the opportunity to develop strong, healthy bodies during the day.
Children don t join a team to sit around and do nothing.
Children don t like to stand around waiting for their turn to kick the ball.
Children don t listen well when they re being screamed at.
Children don t really learn to speak by any kind of structured method.
Children don t really like change in their routines.
Children don t stop their learning lessons when they complete their academic training.
Children don t thrive on sexual confusion.
Children don' t understand divorce and that life goes on even after that.
Children don t visit either parent.
Children don t write letters any more.
Children dont have a choice and can only take the family life they are given.
Children double the ingredients in the recipe they are using for the cupcake batter.
Children drag a picture to the letter that the word that describes the picture starts with.
Children drag letters to make words.
Children draw a picture about the story and dictate a sentence about the part they illustrated.
Children draw a picture and write about how they feel on their favourite ride.
Children draw a picture as the teacher reads the poem.
Children draw a picture of a hen and write a story about how many eggs the hen laid.
Children draw a picture of the thing they like doing best with their family.
Children draw a picture of themselves doing something they feel proud of being able to do.
Children draw a picture that illustrates that fact.
Children draw a playground.
Children draw a scene with any insects or spiders.
Children draw and label parts of the flower.
Children draw and tell.
Children draw circles first, then squares and other geometric shapes.
Children draw each successive position of that movement on a separate piece of paper.
Children draw easily.
Children draw individual chalk drawings of landscape and cherry blossoms.
Children draw just with flashes,don't have any idea for completion.
Children draw on plastic with permanent markers.
Children draw or paint daily .
Children draw or paint the sun, the planets, add moons, comets, rockets, etc.
Children draw or trace animal, or cut out magazine pictures.
Children draw picture and write a caption.
Children draw pictures relating to the unit.
Children draw pictures that tell a simple story.
Children draw pictures to retell the story and dictate or write an accompanying pattern.
Children draw pictures using any available supplies.
Children draw pictures.
Children draw plans and flow charts that show all stages of construction and testing.
Children draw small pictures for the graph.
Children draw something that makes noise on each page.
Children draw the outline of the body.
Children draw the outline of the face.
Children draw the scene, all looking from the same direction.
Children draw their favourite muffin.
Children draw their ideas to music.
Children draw their own map.
Children draw their pet and write the facts about their pet.
Children draw their visions of peace - Out of Jerusalem.
Children draw things they find with colors and shapes on the paper.
Children draw, colour and cut out a farm animals.
Children draw, read, play, or sleep.
Children draw, record observations, and answer questions.
Children dress exactly as do adults.
Children dress for school or day care.
Children dress for trip.
Children dress up as p skk ringar with bright kerchiefs on their heads and sporting a broomstick.
Children dress up in different costumes and go from door to door calling out trick or treat.
Children dress up in different costumes, recite poems in different languages, etc.
Children dress up in kimonos, march through the streets to the shrine and sing Buddhist chants.
Children dress up in their dresses and go with their parents to a shrine.
Children dressed in costume as the Presidents appear, bow to audience and take a seat.
Children dressed in diapers play amid rotting mattresses and steel scraps in abandoned lots.
Children drift out of houses in nightclothes miming sadness at parental strife.
Children drink beverages.
Children drink cups.
Children drink enough milk.
Children drink juice.
Children drink milk.
Children drink orange juice.
Children drink plenty.
Children drink soda.
Children drink sugary beverages.
Children drink water.
Children drinking twelve or more ounces of juice daily are at greater risk of being short or obese.
Children drop out of school to help care for dying parents and never return.
Children drown from hair entrapment in drain covers for spas, hot tubs, and whirlpool bathtubs.
Children drown in fishponds, ditches, fountains, rain barrels, watering cans and buckets.
Children drown in pools, rivers, bathtubs, toilets, and even large buckets of water.
Children drown in pools, spas, buckets, toilets and bathtubs.
Children drown quickly and silently - even in as little as five centimetres of water.
Children drown very quickly and in relative silence.
Children drown without a sound .
Children dump mud that collected in the floods into a truck.
Children eagerly learn new words and find the broad outlines of things.
Children eagerly participate in Mental Math because they are succeeding.
Children eagerly raise their hands to answer questions in the interactive presentation.
Children earn awards through Bible memorization, crafts, missions, and community projects.
Children earn beads and emblems as they complete individual as well as club goals .
Children earn bonus money for a whole week of perfect attendance and behavior.
Children earn books by participating in reading activities.
Children earn incentives based on the amount of money turned in.
Children earn money by bringing in homework, good behavior, etc.
Children earn pittance, says survey .
Children earn points needed to help fund imaginary missionaries.
Children earn priveleges with vouchers and points.
Children earn privileges through efforts and good behavior.
Children earn respect as they grow up from their parents.
Children earn respect of others, When our job is done right.
Children earn smart stars as they go which can then be used to play an on-screen board game.
Children earn ten cents a week by attending school every day.
Children earn their knighthood certificates after completing a test given by a parent or teacher.
Children earn tickets to attend the fair by reading.
Children earn trust.
Children easily become addicted to narcotics.
Children easily discover rules that can be broken if their protest is long and loud enough.
Children easily find peers working on same level, no matter what age.
Children easily infect each other while they are playing.
Children easily learn basic computer use with our simple game format.
Children easily learn colors and letters while enjoying a great toy.
Children easily overlook the potential dangers involved in dealing with road traffic.
Children easily pick up subtle messages about how others view foods.
Children easily recognize the animals.
Children easily share their artwork with friends and family in other states and countries.
Children eat a great quantity of sugared nuts.
Children eat a limited variety of fruits and vegetables.
Children eat a lot of their meals for the week while at child care.
Children eat animals.
Children eat at size-appropriate tables and serve themselves whenever it is appropriate.
Children eat at their own pace.
Children eat beans.
Children eat best when surroundings are calm and pleasant.
Children eat better at a regular family mealtime than when they fix food or eat out on their own.
Children eat better when meals and snacks are served at regular times.
Children eat better, sleep better, and think better when they get adequate fresh air and exercise.
Children eat breakfasts.
Children eat crayons, as many parents know.
Children eat dirt.
Children eat food.
Children eat for free at the children's buffet when adults order dinner at the restaurant.
Children eat for half price.
Children eat free from a kid's menu with paying adult.
Children eat free in our restaurant.
Children eat free with parent.
Children eat free.
Children eat from children's menu.
Children eat fruit.
Children eat fruits and veggies much better when they are cut up.
Children eat in the cafeteria and are supervised during the lunch period.
Children eat kashiwa-mochi.
Children eat large amounts of processed fruits and vegetables.
Children eat lead paint chips because they taste sweet.
Children eat lunch, have rest time and play time under the supervision of trained personnel.
Children eat lunch.
Children eat meals at a long table adjacent to a small kitchen.
Children eat meals.
Children eat meat.
Children eat mexican food.
Children eat more food and drink more water per pound of body weight than adults.
Children eat more food relative to their body weight than do adults.
Children eat more food some days than others.
Children eat more fruit if it's cut up.
Children eat much sugar.
Children eat only half of the recommended number servings of fruits and vegetables each day.
Children eat school lunch.
Children eat smaller portions that adults.
Children eat steak while the adults eat burgers.
Children eat sugar.
Children eat vegetables.
Children eat well-balanced, hot lunches prepared in the school cafeteria.
Children eat when they're hungry.
Children eat whole meals.
Children eat, breathe and drink far more than adults based on proportional body weight.
Children eating a balanced vegan diet grow up full size and strong.
Children eliminate on a fairly regular schedule and stay dry for several hours at a time.
Children embark on an adventure while learning to solve a deep range of math problems.
Children embody their parents' love, life, and lineage.
Children embrace a rapidly changing world.
Children emerge from environments.
Children emerge from shell scarred homes to greet the soldiers.
Children emotionally disrupt ambitious women.
Children emulate adult behavior, and what they are being inundated with is immoral adult behavior.
Children emulate their parents most of the time.
Children emulate their parents.
Children emulate what they observe at home.
Children emulate what they see.
Children encounter and begin using drugs in middle school years.
Children encounter concepts.
Children encounter language even before birth.
Children encounter real life problem solving situations that require mathematics.
Children end adults actually play computer games using their brain waves.
Children end up adults.
Children end up emotionally providing support for parents rather then the other way around.
Children engage in a variety of activities including art, music, games and movement education.
Children engage in a variety of activities throughout the day at Cooper.
Children engage in active and group learning.
Children engage in activities called key experiences.
Children engage in age-appropriate activities.
Children engage in armed conflict, commit atrocities, and are brutalized themselves.
Children engage in behavior that enhances caring for others and self-concepts.
Children engage in behavior.
Children engage in conflict.
Children engage in different types of play depending upon circumstances and particular needs.
Children engage in hands-on activities and live animals are used whenever appropriate.
Children engage in lots of water play in warm weather.
Children engage in playful games, repetition, funny rhythms, a bit of dancing, and a lot of love.
Children engage in recreation.
Children engage in singing games, playing rhythm instruments, and pre-reading exercises.
Children engage in weekly discussions and activities centered on stories from the Bible.
Children engage in word play, recite rhymes and sing songs.
Children enhance their learning experience through stories, plays, music and worksheets.
Children enjoy a birthday party.
Children enjoy a broad range of experiences that can include getting dressed up for an evening out.
Children enjoy a festive party lunch with lots of awesome supervised activities.
Children enjoy a flexible environment.
Children enjoy a hands-on wildlife demonstration.
Children enjoy a large slide and jungle gym area, as well as a climbing tower.
Children enjoy a non competitive family astmosphere.
Children enjoy a story and craft.
Children enjoy a strong learning environment without fear for their safety.
Children enjoy a traditional game, ware, which is a mancala game.
Children enjoy a variety of blocks and manipulative toys.
Children enjoy a visit and school parties are welcomed.
Children enjoy a visit with Santa.
Children enjoy a wide variety of activities in a safe environment.
Children enjoy acting things out and pretending.
Children enjoy activities such as tennis, basketball, watersports and creative arts.
Children enjoy activity areas inside and outside the school.
Children enjoy and respond to music from before birth.
Children enjoy being able to fish from the dock area.
Children enjoy being active, while using their creativity and imagination in physical activity.
Children enjoy being active.
Children enjoy being read to and the more it's done, the more they want it.
Children enjoy Bible stories, crafts, playtime and snacks.
Children enjoy books, music, finger plays, flannel boards, and crafts during story time.
Children enjoy building.
Children enjoy cartoons and comic books.
Children enjoy chess.
Children enjoy choosing the flavor.
Children enjoy climbing over the huge sculptures which dot the landscape.
Children enjoy collecting things, so address saving in terms of collecting.
Children enjoy coming to class because they get special support.
Children enjoy competition and rewards.
Children enjoy constructing the projects.
Children enjoy contributing to the list.
Children enjoy creations.
Children enjoy creative play, experiential learning, and outdoor adventure.
Children enjoy crushing the crackers themselves as well as layering the apple sauce and crackers.
Children enjoy cumulative tales and stories with a set beginning, middle and end.
Children enjoy daily snacks, share-time and community outings.
Children enjoy dancing when they're very young and less inhibited.
Children enjoy dogs.
Children enjoy doing things for others.
Children enjoy drawing with crayons at home, in school and on travel.
Children enjoy dressing as a Roman bride and groom.
Children enjoy eating foods they can hold.
Children enjoy eating with others and often copy their food preferences.
Children enjoy experimenting with mixing colors.
Children enjoy exploring the trails, creek, pond and field which the grounds have to offer.
Children enjoy expressing themselves using pictures, words, and sounds.
Children enjoy face painting, a magic show and contest for the best lemonade stand.
Children enjoy fairy tales because they are interesting, magical, and sometimes humorous.
Children enjoy fairy-tales very much because of the enchantment and magical power such stories hold.
Children enjoy feeling good about themselves.
Children enjoy feeling pleasant and well-behaved.
Children enjoy fiction stories that also teach science concepts.
Children enjoy fine literature daily.
Children enjoy flowers and help plant gardens to beautify yards.
Children enjoy food.
Children enjoy free play on the equipment, gymnastics instruction, music, art and more.
Children enjoy free voluntary reading.
Children enjoy getting to know the volunteers.
Children enjoy going through the exhibit on Wildcat Canyon.
Children enjoy going to chat rooms and talking with other children.
Children enjoy grandparents.
Children enjoy growing up in a clean, safe community where they can walk or bike around town.
Children enjoy having email pals across the world.
Children enjoy healthy bread.
Children enjoy hearing a story repeated many times.
Children enjoy hearing about what it was like in the old days.
Children enjoy hearing childhood stories about their teachers and parents.
Children enjoy hearing the same stories many times.
Children enjoy hearing the story again and again.
Children enjoy hearing the story over and over again.
Children enjoy helping others, especially if they see their parents doing the same.
Children enjoy helping to tell the story.
Children enjoy it after sugar is added.
Children enjoy it and the material comes from around the world.
Children enjoy it but tire of the pregnant pauses and dialogue when by themselves.
Children enjoy it even more because they helped make it.
Children enjoy learning and care about their school.
Children enjoy learning and their minds are storing information constantly.
Children enjoy learning from Sherlock as well as the crafts, games, songs and puppets.
Children enjoy learning how to make new things like useful decorations, toys, or gifts.
Children enjoy learning in programs that are geared to their age level.
Children enjoy learning the different aspects of farming corn.
Children enjoy learning with music.
Children enjoy learning, parents enjoy their children and learning is done by all.
Children enjoy learning.
Children enjoy listening to and telling stories.
Children enjoy looking and naming the objects found.
Children enjoy looking at books and make good use of the book corner.
Children enjoy looking at books and they listen attentively to stories.
Children enjoy looking at documentation about their previous experiences in the classroom.
Children enjoy looking at photographs or magazines and talking about what they see.
Children enjoy looking at the colors and details up close.
Children enjoy looking at the rocks, especially under the florescent lights.
Children enjoy low fat yogurt, fresh sliced vegetables, sliced fruits, and nutritious cereals.
Children enjoy making friends with other children.
Children enjoy making music from the very first piece.
Children enjoy making paper because the pulp is a fun, messy substance to touch.
Children enjoy making up problems for each other, and examples that stump their teachers.
Children enjoy making up silly names and giving characters a personality.
Children enjoy many educational activities and making new friends.
Children enjoy messy play more if they sit in chairs or on the floor.
Children enjoy motor development and rhythmic activities, group games and lots of exploration.
Children enjoy movement, finger plays, circle time and a slide flute.
Children enjoy our friendly animals and everyone is welcome to help.
Children enjoy outdoor experiences on our fun climbing equipment.
Children enjoy own creations.
Children enjoy participating in excellent story hours all year.
Children enjoy picking up the frogs from the tinest to absolutely monstrous.
Children enjoy picture books.
Children enjoy playing in the mountain streams.
Children enjoy playing in the water there in the summer.
Children enjoy playing on their own.
Children enjoy playing with bubbles .
Children enjoy playing with bubbles.
Children enjoy playing with each other or with adults.
Children enjoy pony rides.
Children enjoy predicting.
Children enjoy preparing a monologue from a story.
Children enjoy protection, care and education by the family, the State and society.
Children enjoy puzzle making while exploring different moods or emotions.
Children enjoy reading and being read to.
Children enjoy reading and listening to a variety of poetry and are encouraged to write their own.
Children enjoy reading books that include rhyming patterns and repetititve words.
Children enjoy reading incentive programs.
Children enjoy reading more if they can share what they have read.
Children enjoy reading the riddles.
Children enjoy receiving mail.
Children enjoy receiving pencils, erasers, coins, balloons and other alternative treats.
Children enjoy recognition for good performance or improvement.
Children enjoy recreation, socialization and special enrichment activities.
Children enjoy recreational games, outings, and participation in community service projects.
Children enjoy repeated readings of favorite stories.
Children enjoy repetition and that allows for the frequent reading of adoption-related books.
Children enjoy repetition.
Children enjoy ritual.
Children enjoy role playing, stories, poems, and so on.
Children enjoy science exhibits and demonstrations.
Children enjoy seeing their name along with their scores.
Children enjoy seeing their own photo on-screen as they play the game.
Children enjoy sharing things they do well.
Children enjoy simple things that become special because they are shared with grandparents.
Children enjoy singing and sharing songs with their peers.
Children enjoy singing, dancing and using the musical instruments on a very regular basis.
Children enjoy singing, moving, interacting socially, and playing simple instruments.
Children enjoy sitting inside and even having a meal there.
Children enjoy solving and making up word puzzles.
Children enjoy special protection under labor laws.
Children enjoy stories fostering sensitivity to all peoples and ways of life.
Children enjoy stories, games, crafts and songs.
Children enjoy structure and moving with a purpose .
Children enjoy sweet foods but too much sugar can cause cavities in their teeth.
Children enjoy sweet foods, but too much sugar can hurt their teeth.
Children enjoy talking about their pets and hearing about others' pets.
Children enjoy tapes in the car but also listening by themselves.
Children enjoy the action, the clearly defined characters, to triumph of good over evil.
Children enjoy the carnival.
Children enjoy the challenge of matching their word cards to the correct pictures.
Children enjoy the challenging and game-like tasks.
Children enjoy the counting, splashing, and overall colorful pond setting the book carries into one.
Children enjoy the creative and colorful face-painting as they arrive at the party.
Children enjoy the creative process.
Children enjoy the drink too.
Children enjoy the explosive seed pods.
Children enjoy the facility of a pony-ride on the sands.
Children enjoy the facilityof a pony-ride on the sands.
Children enjoy the flamboyant costumes and raucous behavior.
Children enjoy the game more if there are residents in the home.
Children enjoy the games.
Children enjoy the hands-on displays.
Children enjoy the idea that they can take care of themselves.
Children enjoy the music, the colors, and the fact that their names are spoken throughout the movie.
Children enjoy the new camel rides, an iguana exhibit, quails and turtle pond.
Children enjoy the outdoors as much as their elders.
Children enjoy the paddle boats and playground.
Children enjoy the party, and consume lots of goodies.
Children enjoy the petting zoo and vintage classroom.
Children enjoy the playground in the picnic area.
Children enjoy the pools before the seniors arrive and after they leave.
Children enjoy the positive and calm atmosphere in their class that the teachers encourage.
Children enjoy the various coloring books, jigsaw puzzles and the animal sounds, among others.
Children enjoy the view from a Swiss mountain hut.
Children enjoy the vivid colorful animation in all play cities in motion.
Children enjoy the wonderful rhymes and made-up words.
Children enjoy their days at school and discipline problems are very rare.
Children enjoy their new play areas.
Children enjoy their own child size menu and are always a welcome part of the club.
Children enjoy their present because they have no past or future.
Children enjoy theme related stories, songs, finger plays, and a simple craft.
Children enjoy time together as a class each day for discussion, storytime, and singing.
Children enjoy turning the pages of the books themselves and following along with a tape.
Children enjoy using a special pointer when moving along the number line.
Children enjoy using big words.
Children enjoy using content learned to make their own shows.
Children enjoy using the learning products on the computer.
Children enjoy watching the fishing boats.
Children enjoy water-front activities, horseback riding and rope courses.
Children enjoy wearing costumes and pretending to be particular people or animals.
Children enjoy wearing the colorful Turtle wristbands.
Children enjoy word games such as . . .
Children enjoy writing about things they know, like favorite toys, pets, foods, or friends.
Children enjoy writing about things they know.
Children enjoy writing and make very good use of the writing area.
Children enjoy writing story problems for others to solve.
Children enrich any walk with their own special thoughts, feelings, and sensory impressions.
Children enrich our lives with their unique personalities and perspectives.
Children enroll for the entire program, and have daily classes in music, art and dance.
Children enroll for the entire school year.
Children enroll in our centers with diverse backgrounds and unique personalities.
Children enter and exit while the carols are being sung.
Children enter at their own risk.
Children enter elementary schools.
Children enter for free.
Children enter foster care because of substantial abuse or neglect.
Children enter foster care when their familis are in extreme crisis.
Children enter free.
Children enter kindergarten with different abilities and skills.
Children enter our lives at varying stages of our parenting.
Children enter our schools from a tremendous variety of backgrounds and cultures.
Children enter primary school when they reach the proper age.
Children enter primary schools.
Children enter puberty.
Children enter school at various levels of development.
Children enter school prepared to succeed.
Children enter school ready to explore new dimensions an learning.
Children enter school ready to learn and succeed in school.
Children enter school ready to learn.
Children enter schools.
Children enter stages.
Children enter the building and the playground through their own outside classroom doors.
Children enter the child welfare system for a variety of reasons.
Children enter the competition in teams of three with an adult coach.
Children enter the equation en mass.
Children enter the fascinating habitats of trees to meet bears, owls, raccoons and other animals.
Children enter the foster care system for a variety of reasons.
Children enter the foster care system knowing there is little permanence in their young lives.
Children enter the program through a variety of referral sources.
Children enter the school in a prekindergarten program.
Children enter the stock room, put on an apron, and punch-in for work on the time clock.
Children enter the system at birth.
Children enter the town to help the other characters to earn money to fix up the park.
Children enter the world alive with questions on every thing imaginable.
Children enter the world seeing, smelling, touching, hearing, talking.
Children enter the world with a sin nature.
Children enter their drawings.
Children enter to learn, leave to achieve .
Children enter vignettes representing individual children from different regions of the world.
Children enter with ferns waving.
Children entering care after the age of five wait an average of five years before being adopted.
Children entering care in Lane County tend to exhibit fewer problems than elsewhere in the state.
Children entering first grade through sixth grade are eligible to attend.
Children entering first, second, or third level in the fall are eligible.
Children entering foster care often exhibit problems.
Children entering kindergarten through grade five are welcome to participate.
Children entering middle school face many adjustments.
Children entering the second grade through the sixth grade are eligible.
Children entering third grade and older can attend one overnight session.
Children entering third grade can register for either day.
Children entertain themselves with improvised games of tag as the ceremony proceeds.
Children envision walking a fashion runway or making an end run on the gridiron for a fat paycheck.
Children epitomize all that's beautiful, good, and innocent.
Children equate legality with being acceptable or safe.
Children erect a house, large enough for the entire group to get inside.
Children erupt from everywhere, streaming through the streets as excited cries fill the air.
Children escape an old mansion by solving a puzzle.
Children especially are a high risk for pesticide poisoning.
Children especially are at risk.
Children especially are inquisitive and want to know.
Children especially are prone to fluid loss when playing in the sun.
Children especially are prone to hyperactivity and restlessness.
Children especially are vulnerable to the effects of television.
Children especially are vulnerable.
Children especially benefit from learning to use music vocabulary.
Children especially benefit from women's food and income-generating activities.
Children especially can suffer from diminished lung capacity after inhaling ozone.
Children especially enjoy colourful, fun-looking foods.
Children especially enjoy completing the wacky illustrations.
Children especially enjoy feeding the tame deer, pygmy goats, and rainbow trout.
Children especially enjoy looking at pictures.
Children especially enjoy riding small carts driven by the household goat.
Children especially enjoy scouting for the embedded garnets.
Children especially enjoy the large selection of rocks, gems, minerals and fossils.
Children especially find themselves absolutely fascinated.
Children especially have no interest in supporting their parents' intimate life.
Children especially like to dress up.
Children especially like to imagine themselves in strange places doing strange things.
Children especially look for signs of hope during a tragedy, so provide some.
Children especially love it.
Children especially love making animal signs as books are read.
Children especially love the housekeeping centre.
Children especially love the rhythm and are usually first on to the floor.
Children especially seem to delight in such correspondence.
Children especially welcome.
Children establish identities.
Children establish their own social rules.
Children estimate the number of seeds in their individual pumpkins.
Children estimate their value according to how they are valued by others.
Children evaluate themselves according to how efficiently they move or execute a skill.
Children even claim their ability to do their school work increased as they memorized.
Children even decorate their bicycles and pets.
Children even do better in intact marriages with conflict.
Children even expect a dessert on their lunch tray.
Children even go to after school care programs and find unsuitable videos shown.
Children even keep up with their schoolwork with the help of the teacher on staff.
Children even use the word.
Children events Events for the young and the young at heart.
Children eventually become adults.
Children eventually work on problems for extended periods of time.
Children everywhere deserve the best.
Children everywhere deserve to thrive.
Children everywhere laugh and play.
Children everywhere love farm animals and are interested in life on a farm.
Children everywhere love the circus.
Children everywhere love to help to prepare food, and to eat with their friends and families.
Children exaggerate, twist the truth, hide the facts, manufacture stories, and deny the obvious.
Children examine the causes, characters, viewpoints, and strategies of the Civil War.
Children excel in an environment when a love for learning is instilled at an early age.
Children excel in band, chorus and orchestra.
Children excel in the areas they find most exciting.
Children exchange ideas and work together to solve problems.
Children exchange roles three times, improving the group performance over-all as they do so.
Children exchange the points that they earn for weekly field trips and home-based rewards.
Children exchange their selves for the love of parents or for the approval of their peers.
Children exchange valentines with their school friends.
Children exert a tremendous influence on the behavior of other children.
Children exhibit ability.
Children exhibit behavior.
Children exhibit curiosity and ponder observations.
Children exhibit different signs and symptoms during an asthma attack.
Children exhibit different warning signs.
Children exhibit levels.
Children exhibit poor behavior in school.
Children exhibit secondary symptoms.
Children exhibit sexual behaviour from a very early age.
Children exhibit symptoms.
Children exist within their parents.
Children exit our worship service with adult leaders, following the children's moment.
Children expand their knowledge of the world through books.
Children expand their language acquisition through reading and writing skills.
Children expand vocabulary and begin to develop ability to engage in symbolic thought.
Children expect adults to fix every problem.
Children expect dependability from adults and certainly from the forces of nature.
Children expect immediate responses and immediate feedback.
Children expect things to work.
Children expect to be able to save and retrieve files.
Children expect to be loved.
Children experience a feeling of worship when they have a sense of awe in life.
Children experience a great deal of loss, grief, and fear during war.
Children experience a profound personal insecurity.
Children experience adverse events.
Children experience being part of the wider church where they are accepted as equals.
Children experience breathe problems.
Children experience characteristics of air and discover that air can be directed.
Children experience consequences.
Children experience developmental stages at different times.
Children experience diarrhea.
Children experience different symptoms and generally have a more favorable prognosis.
Children experience difficult emotions . . .
Children experience difficulty.
Children experience disasters.
Children experience discoveries.
Children experience distress.
Children experience disturb thoughts.
Children experience effects.
Children experience emotional release through tears and tantrums.
Children experience events.
Children experience firsthand how writing is used to communicate relevant messages.
Children experience gastrointestinal difficulty.
Children experience grief just as adults do.
Children experience grow pain.
Children experience growth.
Children experience health consequences.
Children experience immediate consequences.
Children experience immediate health consequences.
Children experience large group circle time, stories, music and songs.
Children experience life as a trapper, laborer, craftsman, Indian or soldier.
Children experience many feelings and have many reactions to the violence they witness.
Children experience many of the feelings of adult grief.
Children experience mathematical concepts as part of their everyday lives.
Children experience more respiratory infections while young.
Children experience most distress.
Children experience negative effects.
Children experience new self-esteem.
Children experience pain.
Children experience pressure.
Children experience problems.
Children experience quality of life as they learn how to live within a solid family structure.
Children experience redness and swelling of the tonsils and throat.
Children experience relationships through their senses.
Children experience separation.
Children experience severe diarrhea.
Children experience severe difficulty.
Children experience side effects.
Children experience success and feel good about learning.
Children experience success as they flourish in surroundings of respect and concern.
Children experience suspense stories.
Children experience the abundant changes that are taking place right here in the different habitats.
Children experience the built environment of architectural forms as part of everyday experience.
Children experience the holidays differently at different ages.
Children experience the joy of learning in a safe, comfortable environment.
Children experience the joy of personal and group success.
Children experience the magic of life and growth when they tend their own garden.
Children experience the preparation, planning and hands-on experience of a real archaeological dig.
Children experience the sights, the smells, the customs, and the ceremonies first hand.
Children experience the whole world as new and exciting.
Children experience themselves to be part of their mom and part of their dad.
Children experience thoughts.
Children experience too much violence.
Children experience tremendous growth.
Children experience values through imagining exercises, focusing exercises, and songs.
Children experience various social andreadiness activities in a Christian atmosphere.
Children experiencing art often seem adjective-deprived.
Children experiencing turbulence are more likely to skip school multiple times.
Children explain rules to each other.
Children explore a living, breathing museum.
Children explore a toddler-size tree house, full of surprises.
Children explore all day in the natural world.
Children explore all the equipment in a fun and safe environment.
Children explore and discover.
Children explore and play a variety of percussion instruments.
Children explore and reflect on their own experiences and feelings.
Children explore and understand the world through their senses.
Children explore animals with and without backbones, hatched or born, carnivores or herbivores.
Children explore art, drama and dance by turns.
Children explore basic musical concepts as they move and sing.
Children explore basic number concepts in a series of imaginative games.
Children explore Bible stories through songs, crafts, games, and story time.
Children explore form, perspective, value and color.
Children explore habitats.
Children explore hats, shoes, and houses and thus peoples of the world.
Children explore how they are different from and how they are the same as their classmates.
Children explore how to apply the Bible to their lives in small groups.
Children explore interest.
Children explore language, phonics, reading skills, and journal writing.
Children explore math concepts when they duplicate size relationships with unit blocks.
Children explore music and movement with simple instructions.
Children explore music, movement and simple instructions.
Children explore number patterns and relations, as well as calculator functions.
Children explore plants.
Children explore rhythm, beat, and pattern through songs, dances, and musical instruments.
Children explore sound using spoken words, melodies, and accompaniments.
Children explore the elements of dance through games, movement and magical adventures.
Children explore the farmyard with their teachers and chaperones.
Children explore the Jewish holidays and Bible stories through music, art, games and drama.
Children explore the many worlds of science as they learn to read.
Children explore the physical properties of balls.
Children explore the play area.
Children explore the site and bookmark art works they like.
Children explore the special pleasures of summer's smells, sights, and experiences.
Children explore the topic in various substantive ways.
Children explore the wonders of living things and learn about caring for nature.
Children explore the world through play.
Children explore their developing motor skills, muscle strength, balance and mobility.
Children explore their environment and run free most of the day.
Children explore their faith through Bible stories, crafts, story-telling, and games.
Children explore their feelings about divorce through play and structured activities.
Children explore their identities by examining themselves, their families, and their communities.
Children explore their senses to find out more about themselves.
Children explore their world by putting things in their mouths.
Children explore three main layers and seven eco-zones within the rain forest.
Children explore through all five senses.
Children explore ways.
Children explore writing and emotional expression used in stories from around the world.
Children explore, manipulate, predict, test, compare, discover, and evaluate.
Children Explores the food, clothing, art, and music of eight different cultures.
Children expose to extreme heat.
Children expose to heat.
Children exposed to secondhand smoke are at risk of illness.
Children exposed to secondhand smoke are at risks for a variety of health problems.
Children exposed to violence are also likely to fear being a victim of violence.
Children exposed to violence are more likely to assume the acts of violence are acceptable behavior.
Children express a Christian spirit towards one another, reflecting values expressed by the staff.
Children express and articulate feelings in appropriate ways and empathize with others.
Children express and work out emotional aspects of everyday experiences through unstructured play.
Children express concern.
Children express consequences by turns.
Children express depression in different ways as they grow and develop.
Children express feelings through actions more than language.
Children express feelings through play.
Children express feelings.
Children express intense emotions and are preoccupied with recollections of the deceased.
Children express life.
Children express own feelings.
Children express shame, guilt, hubris and pride through body language.
Children express their creativity in surprisingly delightful ways when given the opportunity.
Children express their ideas, creativity, feelings, abilities and personality in play.
Children express their thoughts, wishes, beliefs and doubts.
Children express themselves by dress.
Children express themselves in a variety of ways.
Children express themselves in their own choreography.
Children express what they learn in a variety of ways, with emphasis on art.
Children face a lot of different decisions as they grow in today's society.
Children face a number of risks that are common in domestic work service.
Children face a one in a million chance of being killed at school.
Children face a range of different risks as the weather gets warm.
Children face burdens.
Children face crises in the United States as well.
Children face danger.
Children face decisional challenges daily regarding the use of alcohol, tobacco, and other drugs.
Children face diarrhea.
Children face drugs, alcohol, sex, peer pressure, and school demands unimagined in past generations.
Children face float through the hoop like a dolphin jumping through a hoop.
Children face great risks because their bodies absorb lead more easily than adult bodies do.
Children face greater risk since pound for pound, children breathe more air than adults.
Children face many obstacles as they grow up in today's world.
Children face more obstacles as many lessons depend on accurate color vision.
Children face much higher health risks from air pollution than adults.
Children face obesity problems.
Children face particular risks from pesticides for two main reasons.
Children face pressure from their peer group or siblings in the form of competition.
Children face problems.
Children face risks at each stage of their lives.
Children face severe diarrhea.
Children face special circumstances.
Children face special risks, since they lack the knowledge or skills to defend themselves.
Children face the greatest dangers of poverty and famine.
Children face unbelievable stress at an earlier and earlier age.
Children fail because of our low expectations.
Children fail to check both ways before walking into traffic when called by an adult.
Children fail to grow for a variety of reasons.
Children fall back asleep after the terror has passed.
Children fall from trees, ladders, roofs and other high places every day.
Children fall in trying to get a toy floating on the water.
Children fall many times before they are finally able to walk.
Children fall on a continuum of symptoms.
Children fall to the ground.
Children falling into the following groups are at a higher risk.
Children falling into the shrubs or snow and ice sliding off the roof into shrubs can cause injury.
Children fare better when their mothers are at home.
Children fare differently depending on country of origin, residence and gender.
Children fare much better when raised in a married, intact, two-parent household.
Children fare well in studies.
Children favor ketchup to mustard as their favorite hot dog topping.
Children fear abandonment.
Children fear the destruction of their family - their world.
Children fear their parent's illness yet at the same time, they fear their parent's unavailability.
Children fear to disappoint either of their parents, of course.
Children fear, for the end is near.
Children feature prominently at the festival, which is a riot of color, movement and sound.
Children feed cats.
Children feed chickens and dogs are roaming.
Children feed chooks.
Children feed goats.
Children feed the animals, clean the barn, collect eggs, and help in the kitchen garden.
Children feel a great sense of accomplishment and pride in their new pottie training achievement.
Children feel a great sense of empowerment through communicating with their counterparts overseas.
Children feel a natural kinship with all living things.
Children feel alienated, so they rebel.
Children feel an overwhelming sense of guilt and shame.
Children feel behavior.
Children feel better when they can make choices.
Children feel better when they talk about their feelings.
Children feel bonds.
Children feel comfortable using the materials and equipment.
Children feel comfortable with the computer, and it's fun for the adults.
Children feel conditionally loved.
Children feel connected in a classroom structured as a community.
Children feel defensive when someone criticizes their mom or dad.
Children feel especially grown up and motivated when they have their own desks to work at.
Children feel especially vulnerable if they identify with the victim in a movie.
Children feel frightened.
Children feel good about becoming a helpful part of their family.
Children feel good about being noticed for positive reasons.
Children feel good about their skill in making a plaything.
Children feel good about themselves when they know others value what they have to say.
Children feel good about themselves when they use their bodies well.
Children feel good when they make something.
Children feel guilty to abandon their parents and aging parents feel abandoned by their children.
Children feel guilty when a divorce takes place.
Children feel helpless and sense the lack of justice and live under conditions of threat.
Children feel helpless and sense the lack of justice.
Children feel honored to be taken into the confidence of their parents.
Children feel hopeful when they know that adults are taking action to fix the problem.
Children feel important and respected when they participate in grown-up decisions.
Children feel important to the club, their families and their community.
Children feel it intuitively, because they have the habit of hiding behind things.
Children feel less of a sting when they do so.
Children feel less secure and experience a high level of stress.
Children feel lonely now.
Children feel lost in the chaos of divorcing parents.
Children feel loved and accepted, and receive good quality attention.
Children feel loved or unloved by the way their parents treat their friends.
Children feel more comfortable when they have a consistent schedule they can predict.
Children feel more comfortable when they know what's coming next.
Children feel more involved when they can see what is happening.
Children feel more secure and less frustrated when they know who is in control and who to respect.
Children feel more secure and their achievement rapidly improves.
Children feel more secure at home, at school and in their communities.
Children feel more secure when limits are set.
Children feel more secure when they know what to expect.
Children feel more secure when they're familiar with daily routines.
Children feel more secure with their parents there.
Children feel more secure with their regular routine.
Children feel more secure, because they know what to expect.
Children feel much more secure with a familiar face than with a strange one.
Children feel much the same way when first learning to write with a pen.
Children feel on a more intense level.
Children feel pain differently than adults, women differently than men.
Children feel pain related to teething, ear infections and colds.
Children feel proud turning the pages to see themselves immersed in an exciting story line.
Children feel responsible for their parents' reactions.
Children feel righteous when they are caused to live a life of discipline and obedience.
Children feel safe to cry and rage when they are confident of being loved and accepted.
Children feel safe to take an active role in their own learning.
Children feel safe when the important adults in their lives work together.
Children feel safe when they are with family or others they know well.
Children feel safer in the hospital if parents are close by.
Children feel safer in the hospital if their parents are nearby.
Children feel safer in the hospital with a parent nearby.
Children feel safer in the hospital with their parents nearby.
Children feel safest in family surroundings where they physically comfortable.
Children feel safest when things are familiar.
Children feel secure and parents can ride while having complete control of the child on the back.
Children feel secure in the care of gentle arms and tenderness.
Children feel secure when there is a ritual.
Children feel secure when they know what to expect.
Children feel secure with parents who are faithful to each other.
Children feel secure with set patterns.
Children feel secure.
Children feel sick.
Children feel skin.
Children feel so special when they see their parents helping at school.
Children feel so welcome and the food is superb.
Children feel special.
Children feel stable since the walker itself is stable, and the walker frames are quiet and strong.
Children feel strong bonds.
Children feel stronger when they have some power over the fear.
Children feel successful as readers right away.
Children feel such love from their mother as graceful beauty and gentle beauty.
Children feel that same urgent desire to be with their dads in a close, caring relationship.
Children feel that they are being pressured to prove their abilities.
Children feel the effects of pollution at lower levels than adults.
Children feel the loss, and they take action for atten- tion.
Children feel the loss, and they take action for attention.
Children feel the love and compassion of their parents.
Children feel the stress of everyday life more than adults realize.
Children feel their experiences are unique and they're right.
Children feel their good points are overlooked and their bad points are magnified.
Children feel their parents are more at risk when exercising and suggest inactivity instead.
Children feel they have to go to the streets to survive.
Children feel unable to clear it up.
Children feel unempowered.
Children feel used when thrust into the role of being the parent's friend or helpmate.
Children feel very rewarded by their feelings of confidence.
Children feel very supported by their parents, the rabbi and the community.
Children feel vulnerable.
Children fend for themselves on the streets.
Children fight off colds on their own.
Children fighting in the back seat can ruin all the fun.
Children figure out how to find a path or arrange items for a solution.
Children fill in a chart which shows all the different groups of animals in the book.
Children fill in missing vowels in words, phrases, and sentences.
Children fill in the pyramid spaces with foods that they've eaten from each of the groups.
Children fill our eyes with light and our hearts with delight.
Children fill their shoes with hay for the horse.
Children finally return to school.
Children find a relationship between two things on the basis of some specific characteristic.
Children find a sense of security in a teddy bear.
Children find acceptance.
Children find action-packed days where they develop a love for learning.
Children find an atmosphere where they are welcomed and loved.
Children find as many fish or creatures as they can with each letter.
Children find climbing the massive, low swooping branches irresistible.
Children find comfort in rules that they understand and believe to be fair.
Children find comfort in the fact that routines provide predictability.
Children find comfort.
Children find difficulty balancing high energy activities and quiet activities.
Children find emotion.
Children find entertainment.
Children find everything takes so long.
Children find examples of patterns in the illustrations.
Children find flowers.
Children find great comfort in predictability.
Children find great comfort in rules.
Children find great security in just, righteous, secure boundaries.
Children find guns and too often accidentally shoot themselves or others.
Children find gymnastics to be fun, they like learning to move.
Children find help in sharing feelings and experiences with other children their own age.
Children find homes.
Children find in the text words with that ending.
Children find it difficult to take warnings against playing with fire seriously.
Children find it easier to talk to other children rather than to teachers.
Children find it fairly easy to break a syllable on either side of the loud vowel.
Children find it fascinating, and they also make a great snack.
Children find it fascinating.
Children find it fun, interesting and exciting.
Children find it fun.
Children find it hard to be creative without any concrete inspiration.
Children find it hard to concentrate as the holidays draw near.
Children find it hard to wait.
Children find it particularly difficult to live at home with a parent who has bipolar.
Children find it quite natural to turn almost anything into a chant.
Children find it very confusing if standards change from day to day.
Children find joy in drawing pictures themselves.
Children find joy in learning itself rather than in the teacher's approval or a gold star.
Children find meaning and connection with the land.
Children find or cut out pictures of heat and light energy being used.
Children find origami fascinating for some reason.
Children find other animal songs on the folk song site.
Children find out about a herringbone milking shed and how it helps farmers and cows.
Children find out about all the products made from wheat.
Children find out about initiatives for land conservation and protection of plants and trees.
Children find out about problems that fruit farmers meet in their work.
Children find out about traditional aboriginal customs and modern-day customs.
Children find out about uses and properties of objects such as color and size.
Children find out as two students don reproduction clothing, taking on the roles of Revere children.
Children find out how the seasons affect crop production.
Children find out quickly what money is.
Children find out what different fibres look like under a microscope.
Children find out what plant fibres are used to make paper, cotton, linen and tapa cloth.
Children find out where our energy comes from.
Children find parental fighting, illness and abuse very disturbing.
Children find parents.
Children find peaceful places.
Children find perceptions.
Children find places.
Children find polliwags in puddles, have tea with the spring wind and officiate evening frog races.
Children find prizes in cereal boxes every morning.
Children find producing a multimedia presentation easy.
Children find security and love when they see their parents together in loving harmony.
Children find solace in the arms of other children.
Children find some similarities between the personality of the trickster and themselves.
Children find sources.
Children find stories hidden in their textured papers.
Children find success through active participation in the learning process.
Children find such escape with magical ease.
Children find that birds do come in an assortment of colors including orange, blue, and violet.
Children find that reading is fun to share.
Children find that the kindergarten curriculum is an enjoyable learning experience.
Children find the high-visibility yellow easier to eye track and, therefore, easier to catch.
Children find the lodge's own fossil-hunting area good for at least a couple of hours' fascination.
Children find the matches.
Children find the Net easy to use, and like to use it for fun, games, and chat.
Children find the test painless.
Children find their name and place it on a boy or girl cutout.
Children find their own desks at school with a nametag.
Children find their own method of playing, and it's amazing what they pick up.
Children find their own voices and styles and selecting and moving through a series of peer groups.
Children find themselves at the epicenter of political violence today.
Children find themselves drawn by their fascination with bugs.
Children find themselves in an environment tailored to their needs.
Children find themselves in disjointed families.
Children find things easy to believe.
Children find unlimited choices bewildering.
Children find ways to write back at society.
Children find web sites related to a topic.
Children find worms fascinating.
Children findso many things unexpected and extraordinary.
Children fingerpaint on paper then stick on fences, pumpkins, moon, and ghosts.
Children first attend the infants' school or department.
Children first develop relationships within their families.
Children first draw their images along the theme.
Children first have to learn that the parent is boss.
Children first learn by watching and imitating.
Children first learn to name things, then learn to put like things together.
Children first learn to think in concrete groupings of objects, which are connected by facts.
Children first learn violent behaviors by witnessing domestic violence.
Children first recognize words that accompany illustrations or are part of a familiar story.
Children first sketch the outline of what they see and then paint the sky.
Children first study the guitar through the rote learning process.
Children fish for rainbow trout that have been brought in especially for the occasion.
Children fit in when they feel comfortable.
Children fit the appropriate plastic tiles into the answer squares on the worksheets.
Children fit the blocks into slots cut into the pages.
Children flip through the book for more ideas.
Children flit about between the eagerly gesticulating women.
Children flit from one subject to another, or even to no specific subject.
Children float differently than adults.
Children flourish under care, guidance and ongoing support from both the parents and the teachers.
Children flourish under care, guidance and ongoing support.
Children flourish when flexible routines are punctuated by enjoyable and soothing rituals.
Children flourish when the important folks in their lives handle conflict constructively.
Children flourish when they are free to discover.
Children fly kites and play with wooden tops.
Children flying alone pay full adult fares.
Children focus on problem solving with real-life applications.
Children focus on what they are looking for and see it.
Children focus on who and what they care about, as they express themselves in art form.
Children fold strips back and forth.
Children fold the long edges.
Children follow a course and hit balls through the can structures.
Children follow a daily classroom schedule that is provided in the center parent handbook.
Children follow a musical compass through forests and sparkling lakes.
Children follow a regular curriculum each weekday customized to their individual needs.
Children follow adult leads.
Children follow after outward pleasures, and fall into the snare of wide-spread death.
Children follow along with sign language.
Children follow daily schedules for studying, chores, recreation and meals.
Children follow diets.
Children follow directions the first time they are given.
Children follow established safety procedures in leaving and returning to their classes.
Children follow examples.
Children follow free diets.
Children follow meat diets.
Children follow rules.
Children follow similar growth patterns, but the time frame for each child differs.
Children follow the adventures of a group of evacuees on the trail of spy suspects.
Children follow the Easter Bunny's trail through the town park to find goodies of all kinds.
Children follow the religious affiliation of their parents or guardian.
Children follow their parents' example on how to react to difficult situations.
Children follow their parents' example.
Children forget so quickly when they're busy playing.
Children forgive and forget very quickly.
Children form a circle and throw a ball at a child inside the circle.
Children form a circle seated on the floor.
Children form a circle, holding hands and sing the first verse.
Children form a line behind.
Children form a positive self-image and participate in creative activities with other children.
Children form a society of their own peers and resist adult control as far as possible.
Children form a tooth shape out of salt dough with the teacher's help.
Children form all different ethnic and religious backgrounds come together to play a game.
Children form attitudes about achieveing and learning based on the exmple parents set.
Children form attitudes about foods early.
Children form basic values at a very young age based primarily on family influence.
Children form bonds with playdates, and participation on teams at school.
Children form bonds.
Children form eating habits early in life.
Children form endure bonds.
Children form groups of six.
Children form groups of three and sit in a vertical row.
Children form groups of three to five to play games, read books, or experiment with arts and crafts.
Children form in two rows, facing each other, with a leader appointed for each row.
Children form neighboring classrooms can get together and talk about their characters.
Children form part of the tree, as branches.
Children form the bulk of visitors to Farms and Playgrounds.
Children form the most active and productive part of a community after every thirty or forty years.
Children form their attitudes toward lifelong activities early in life.
Children form their opinions early and quickly.
Children form their own knowledge through interacting, and each child's knowledge is different.
Children form various attachments to toys, pets, and things that are distinctly their own.
Children form views, opinions and behaviors that reflect their family's outlook.
Children freely play nearby, allowing the parents to fully participate.
Children freely ride bicycles in the streets.
Children freeze to death.
Children fringe a strip of green paper and glue onto a larger piece of paper as grass.
Children frolic on a sandy beach.
Children frolic with one another while their elders exchange stories about deprivation and poverty.
Children fulfill a significant role within a healthy and forward-looking community.
Children function best in a warm, noncritical learning place.
Children function best when they know what to expect.
Children function more effectively in the classroom when they are healthy.
Children function well when they have set guidelines to follow and know what to expect.
Children fuss and fight.
Children gain a sense of autonomy when they can act on their own initiative to do helpful tasks.
Children gain a sense of independence from their increasing physical abilities.
Children gain a sense of self-discipline and dignity from such an environment.
Children gain academic readiness and reading skills to be successful learners in our schools.
Children gain access to almost any thing they want to see on the Internet.
Children gain access to medical care where none existed before.
Children gain confidence and experience and enjoy social interaction.
Children gain confidence and have pride in their actions.
Children gain confidence and physical fitness and make new friends in a team-building environment.
Children gain confidence in their abilities by working in small groups.
Children gain important mathematical insights by building on discoveries.
Children gain knowledge through the act of digesting living books.
Children gain knowledge.
Children gain mastery through repetition.
Children gain more coordination, balance, muscle control and a surge of confidence as a result.
Children gain much of their acceptance and credibility among their peers by playing little league.
Children gain naturalist skills and learn about Ontario's wild spaces and wild species.
Children gain opportunities to share their time and talents.
Children gain personal life, social and healthy lifestyles skills.
Children gain power and confidence from understanding literature on an abstract level.
Children gain respect for their parents as teachers.
Children gain respect for themselves and others when they grow and learn together.
Children gain satisfaction from knowing that their labors are both useful and necessary.
Children gain self-confidence, establish friendships and learn about themselves.
Children gain self-confidence, establish friendships, and learn about themselves.
Children gain skills in self-evaluation and goal setting.
Children gain so much confidence from being able to explore and experiment with media.
Children gain the benefits of both multi-level concept learning and individual focus.
Children gain the most from camp when they attend regularly.
Children gain understanding of concepts through many varied experiences.
Children gain weight.
Children gather around an instructor as if it's storytime.
Children gather around the racks and choose books to read.
Children gather at pyramid with adults to watch execution.
Children gather at their parents home, and a feast is enjoyed by all.
Children gather examples and show their examples for each day of the week on a poster.
Children gather for a weekly story hour.
Children gather in difference classrooms according to age and developmental stages.
Children gather in the cool lake.
Children gather in their assigned groups, and the afternoon program begins.
Children gather information about their world through play.
Children gather round the storyteller in a mood of contentment and togetherness.
Children gather to perform radio plays and poems.
Children gaze longingly at their still wrapped presents as carolers sing outside.
Children generally achieve the skill of being toilet trained between two to three and a half years.
Children generally act the way they are dressed.
Children generally are good by nature and willing to do their duty and shine well in studies.
Children generally are more likely to feel harvester ant stings than adults.
Children generally are more often susceptible to severe disease.
Children generally come into the house and toss their school things every which way.
Children generally do better if given accurate information and the specifics that they ask for.
Children generally experience no intellectual impairment.
Children generally experience the same side effects seen in the adult studies.
Children generally express more than what they understand.
Children generally find interactive exhibits engaging.
Children generally get car sick, as do dogs.
Children generally go to a classroom to receive services.
Children generally have a much smaller bacterial population and there is less secondary resistance.
Children generally have a very strong sense of fair play.
Children generally have eight years in which to use benefits.
Children generally have fewer problems than adults in adapting to bifocals.
Children generally have fewer problems than adults in adapting to new lenses.
Children generally have higher hGH levels.
Children generally have little disposable income.
Children generally have no symptoms below that level.
Children generally have ten years to start an action.
Children generally learn sign language faster than adults.
Children generally leave the room, with a smile, when guests enter.
Children generally live to their late teens or early twenty's.
Children generally love the essences.
Children generally make friends effortlessly.
Children generally obey.
Children generally outgrow night terrors.
Children generally participate in the family labour force by necessity.
Children generally prefer bright colors, realism, and familiar subject matter.
Children generally recover from the effects of sexual abuse on their own.
Children generally remain in inpatient rehabilitation for four to six weeks following the surgery.
Children generally repeat behavior that gets their parents' attention.
Children generally resume full activity within a few minutes.
Children generally say it the way it is, with total honesty.
Children generally spend hours a day in front of the set, both with and without their parents.
Children generally take after their mother s brothers.
Children generally take their behavior cues from their teachers.
Children generally understand more than they can express.
Children generally understand only the words they express.
Children generally visit the class of the grade in which they are currently enrolled.
Children generally work with a group of children who have similar abilities and who co-operate well.
Children generate solutions to problems.
Children get a better education through school choice.
Children get a better start in reading if they are taught phon- ics.
Children get a chance to help power the train.
Children get a chance to meet with a famous author.
Children get a chance to see many different breeds of puppies.
Children get a close look at mummified hawks and small aretfacts from tombs.
Children get a close up look and some hands on.
Children get a crash course in clay and make their own mask, pot or other sculpture.
Children get a first hand look on foam being applied to a vehicle.
Children get a free book.
Children get a geography and cultural diversity lesson.
Children get a gift each night after the candles are lit and dinner is over.
Children get a good education and health care.
Children get a graphic of the animal from the net.
Children get a head start on the road to good nutrition .
Children Get a healthy start on the day.
Children get a huge thrill when a monthly statement arrives with their name on it.
Children get a new suit of clothes.
Children get a pumpkin, apple, or other vegetable to take home.
Children get a real excitement about writing their own stories.
Children get a sense of the illustrations being art.
Children get a special thrill out of seeing their words and thoughts on the Internet.
Children get a thrill creating their own books.
Children get a whole new picture of how adults act when they get seriously religious.
Children get a wonderful sense of community and accomplishment within the toddler classroom.
Children get addicted to the Internet as well.
Children get allergies from coming into contact with allergens.
Children get an incredible introduction to the outdoors that is fun and exciting.
Children get an opportunity to see that they can make choices and be successful.
Children get angry at their parents for the same reasons that they get mad at their friends.
Children get angry when they are forced to take a bath or clean their room.
Children get antibodies.
Children get approval from their peers when their play is appropriate to their sex.
Children get attention.
Children get broken arms and legs, head injuries, skull fractures, and deep cuts.
Children get caffeine from colas, chocolate beverages and candy.
Children get chronic respiratory problems.
Children get cold faster than adults.
Children get court-appointed lawyers to look after their interests only if the state seeks custody.
Children get curious about what they get curious about.
Children get cuts and bruises.
Children get dehydrated quicker than adults do, so fluid replacement is very important.
Children get diets.
Children get dirty playing, painting, and enjoying their day.
Children get disappointed more often because their expectations are often unrealistic.
Children get enough of that message in the outside world.
Children get excited and forget.
Children get experience.
Children get food.
Children get free immunizations if parents bring their health records.
Children get frequent viral infections during the first five or six years of life.
Children get fright.
Children get fungal infection.
Children get gifts and wear new clothes.
Children get growth plate injuries.
Children get health and social services.
Children get heat rash routinely.
Children get heavy.
Children get hungry.
Children get in for half price.
Children get in free.
Children get in on the fun too.
Children get infection.
Children get injuries.
Children get instant auditory and visual feedback to correct their errors.
Children get into Disneyland for less than adults.
Children get into substance abuse through delinquency.
Children get knowledge in life and fill up the blank paper .
Children get knowledge in life and fill up the blank paper.
Children get little attention.
Children get little positive attention.
Children get lunch.
Children get many forms of special treatment and a festive atmosphere characterizes the day.
Children get MC quite commonly.
Children get mixed signals in a mixed marriage.
Children get more active in the Spring.
Children get most of their sugar from candy.
Children get older.
Children get out to watch.
Children get over loss quickly.
Children get over things quickly.
Children get positive attention.
Children get presents every night of the festival.
Children get presents.
Children get priority from the mother.
Children get prompt and appropriate follow-up care.
Children get reduced prices.
Children get ringworm more often than adults, and it makes their scalps red, scaly, and itchy.
Children get satisfaction from learning a phrase of movement and repeating it.
Children get several types of rheumatic diseases.
Children get sick and parents get tired.
Children get sick at the most inopportune times.
Children get sick from lead exposure most often when they eat chips of lead-based paint.
Children get sick, and parents have anxieties, at all times of the day and night.
Children get sick, sometimes misbehave and can cause moments of embarrassment.
Children get sick.
Children get so excited when they see their own name in their favorite story book.
Children get sugar.
Children get symptoms.
Children get teeth.
Children get the best view.
Children get the chance to learn about science hands-on, and that is very exciting.
Children get the day home from school.
Children get the picture.
Children get the same rush.
Children get their career and family situation by chance.
Children get their face painted by the two instructors and win a party favor.
Children get their hands and teeth into one of the delicious demonstrations.
Children get their injuries kissed - a reward for failure.
Children get their meals served in a boat parents can buy for a nominal fee.
Children get their sense of safety from the attitudes and behaviors of adults, primarily parents.
Children get tired by running around, men stay awake drinking, and women chat all night long.
Children get tired of answering questions.
Children get tired while they wait.
Children get to be a cheerleader for a day, or actually more like two hours.
Children get to be up close to baby lynxes, wolves, bears, bobcats and other wild animals.
Children get to fill a simple questionnaire and write a report on what they have learnt.
Children get to hear from parents every day.
Children get to interact with others their own age.
Children get to know and trust the officer.
Children get to make their own mini worm bin and take it home complete with worms.
Children get to participate in entertaining and informative theater activities.
Children get to pet calves and see other farm animals.
Children get to play in the gym.
Children get to play sports and games all day.
Children get to see how fruit grows and everyone gets to enjoy the fruits of their labor.
Children get to share their school time with their parents.
Children get to take home their masterpieces.
Children get to take it home and share it with their family.
Children Get to the bus stop at least five minutes before the bus is scheduled to arrive.
Children get to use the steering wheel to drive.
Children get toys.
Children get tract infection.
Children get treatment for drug or alcohol problems.
Children get treatments.
Children get treats that are guaranteed safe.
Children get two sibling stories for the price of one as they discover the story within the story.
Children get urinary infection.
Children get urinary tract infection.
Children get vaccinations for other diseases like measles, mumps, and rubella.
Children get valuable experience.
Children get very excited when they see things grow.
Children get very mesmerized by the instruments.
Children get very serious about play.
Children get with partners.
Children give a sensitive account of what it is like to be homeless and to live in poverty.
Children give a written response to the effectiveness of the letter using the frame if they want.
Children give and their parents get.
Children give each other small cards.
Children give each other support, and a child who has friends is less of a target.
Children give each performance something new.
Children give mothers a run for their money.
Children give new life to a home.
Children give reasons for putting the books in their chosen theme groups.
Children give such wonderful feedback-they're much more expressive than adults.
Children give the television more attention than adults do.
Children give themselves good marks when asked to evaluate their eating habits.
Children give valentines and have a party in school.
Children glean an enormous amount of wisdom from listening to their parents talk.
Children globally remain victimized by war, famine and disease.
Children glue a cotton ball on the end of a real stick they collect from outdoors.
Children glue a cupcake liner on paper to represent a flower.
Children glue a z ipper on a paper Z cutout.
Children glue different colors of grains, beans, and legumes in patters on a board.
Children glue green squares of tissue paper onto a piece of waxed paper.
Children glue matching cut-outs to pencil to complete tree.
Children glue on a hat, wool for hair, facial features and can color a dress.
Children glue on red strips, to make red and white stripes.
Children glue scraps of v elvet on a paper V cutout.
Children glue the faces onto construction paper.
Children glue the rabbit parts onto juice can to create their bunnies.
Children glue their cotton balls in their egg cups, one on top of the other.
Children glue tiny lightweight w ood chips on a w hite paper W cutout.
Children glue together and add face.
Children glue y arn pieces on a y ellow paper Y cutout.
Children go about the business of language acquisition in a very orderly way.
Children go along to get along.
Children go around the neighborhood caroling at night .
Children go around their village.
Children go at half price.
Children go beyond surface differences toward cooperation.
Children go for animal titles.
Children go for less than half the adult charges, and children under three are free.
Children go for walks and take field trips.
Children go from door to door asking for candy.
Children go from one relative to another receiving blessings and gifts.
Children go half-price.
Children go hungry when family income is so low.
Children go hungry.
Children go into the building to play.
Children go on a tour of all nine planets of the solar system.
Children go on the waiting list based upon priority, request date and age.
Children go out with their parents to restaurants.
Children go outdoors daily, and nap time applies to all children during the afternoon.
Children go outside to observe amphibian eggs and larvae.
Children go through a painful period of adjustment after a divorce or remarriage.
Children go through a set of stages of development to develop concept .
Children go through development.
Children go through different phases as they explore their skills.
Children go through distinct developmental stages.
Children go through eating phases.
Children go through essentially three stages.
Children go through fascinations and phases like studying dinosaurs or bugs.
Children go through five stages when starting tobacco use.
Children go through life.
Children go through many stages during their growth.
Children go through many stages of growth and development.
Children go through normal changes and growth patterns that affect their eating habits.
Children go through pencils quickly.
Children go through phases, too.
Children go through sequential stages in language development.
Children go through stages in their lives where they challenge and often defy authority.
Children go through stages of behavior that are normal for that age.
Children go through stages of development as they come to understand and to know.
Children go through stages when they are more lovable, and stages when they are less lovable.
Children go through stages.
Children go to bathrooms.
Children go to beds.
Children go to class after the children's sermon.
Children go to class during the second hymn.
Children go to computer lab once a week.
Children go to hide.
Children go to kindergarten to play and learn.
Children go to lengths to dress up and overcome their fear of strangers in exchange for candy.
Children go to other people's homes.
Children go to school all through the day.
Children go to school happily because they want to get smarter.
Children go to school in uniform just the way they do at private schools in the United States.
Children go to school in very special buses.
Children go to school or day care.
Children go to school six days a week.
Children go to school two hours a day, studying on the sand out in the open air.
Children go to school wanting to succeed like everyone else.
Children go to school.
Children go to schools that are understaffed, underfunded, without qualified teachers.
Children go to state college.
Children go to the library weekly.
Children go to the provider's home for care.
Children go to their teacher with their questions.
Children go unaccompanied to school.
Children go where there is excitement, but they stay where there is love.
Children go with one of six characters to six different places.
Children go with the flow.
Children go with their parents to the markets, and they grow up knowing how to feed themselves.
Children go without eating, and the list goes on.
Children go without health care.
Children go wrong, even trying to murder parents.
Children going through divorce often feel very powerless.
Children going to and from school are also particularly vulnerable to mobile phone thefts.
Children going to college makes a drastic change in the living situation in most households.
Children going to school is a start.
Children grab titles that look good, or star their favorite character.
Children gradually become confident and skillful in solving their problems independently.
Children gradually infer grammatical rules by detecting regularities in speech.
Children gradually learn to accept the responsibility for controlling their diets.
Children gradually learn to transfer knowledge from one text to the next.
Children grasp a new skill or idea by repeating it over and over again.
Children grasp some skills quickly, but take much more time to master others.
Children grazing in yards are frequent victims.
Children greately benefit when the school and the parent are cooperating on the child's behalf.
Children greatly benefit from having one person totally involved in their learning.
Children greet mothers.
Children grieve as part of a family.
Children grieve cyclically.
Children grieve differently than adults and in a way that matches their developmental level.
Children grieve in ways that are both different from and similar to adults.
Children grieve just as adults do.
Children grieve regardless of their age or ability to express themselves.
Children grieve too .
Children grieve too, in our own way, in our own time.
Children grieve too.
Children grieve what they miss and want back, and their grief is as individual as it is for adults.
Children grind flour with a replica quern, and spices, used in Roman cooking, in a mortar.
Children gripe about homework or washing the dishes.
Children ground the wheat, added the water.
Children grow and change as adults do.
Children grow and change rapidly.
Children grow and change so quickly.
Children grow and change through several stages of development.
Children grow and develop at different rates.
Children grow and develop at home and in the school and community.
Children grow and develop at their own rates.
Children grow and develop rapidly in the early years.
Children grow and develop when they are encouraged in a warm and secure environment.
Children grow and learn best in a warm, noncompetitive environment.
Children grow and learn best in spaces where they feel they belong.
Children grow and learn best when they are both physically and mentally involved.
Children grow and learn in spurts.
Children grow and learn so much during their first three years .
Children grow and mature and their needs often change as that happens.
Children grow and mature at different rates.
Children grow at different rates, with spurts at various times.
Children grow at different rates.
Children grow at different speeds, some slower and some faster than the rates shown.
Children grow at their own pace and reach developmental stages or milestones at their own rate.
Children grow at their own pace.
Children grow at their own unique rates .
Children grow bean plants in groups.
Children grow best in environments that are nurturing, safe, orderly, and stimulating.
Children grow best when raised in responsible and caring ways.
Children grow fast and can reach new things every day.
Children grow faster in the spring.
Children grow faster in the springtime.
Children grow in a nurturing environment that promotes safety and security.
Children grow in spurts and each grows differently.
Children grow in spurts.
Children grow into adulthood and leave for college.
Children grow into adults.
Children grow into adults.
Children grow into puberty.
Children grow into well-adjusted adults through example, instruction and discipline.
Children grow like weeds and many are about as well cared for.
Children grow more disobedient and arrogant to parents.
Children grow old and leave the nest.
Children grow out of croup as the size and solidity of the air passages increase.
Children grow outward emotionally between four and five years of age.
Children grow quickly .
Children grow quickly and have different needs at different times.
Children grow quickly and lose the tenderness, the simplicity, and the charm their youth carries.
Children grow rapidly because their bodies produce bone more quickly than old bone is removed.
Children grow so fast and they are hard on their clothes.
Children grow so fast it is imperative to preserve the memories.
Children grow so quickly and leave home so soon.
Children grow so quickly, The time, it flies on by.
Children grow sporadically and can easily outgrow clothes before the season arrives.
Children grow taller and stronger every year.
Children grow taller.
Children grow their sociability and voluntary attitudes to what they are concerning to.
Children grow to adulthood.
Children grow transparent with the outside looking in.
Children grow unevenly so weight problems can be hard to spot.
Children grow up and away.
Children grow up and become adults.
Children grow up and become educated and independent.
Children grow up and form their own opinions and forge their own paths.
Children grow up and leave home, and their parents dread the cold draft of the empty nest.
Children grow up and leave, companies close, spouses get sick, parents die.
Children grow up believing in many fictitious characters.
Children grow up eating broccoli and such.
Children grow up eventually.
Children grow up fast.
Children grow up imitating their parents, peers, and role models.
Children grow up in a context.
Children grow up in a culture of violence.
Children grow up in a diverse environment.
Children grow up in a variety of types of families.
Children grow up in families and families are an integral part of communities.
Children grow up in families.
Children grow up in homes.
Children grow up in institutions.
Children grow up in safe, nurturing and stimulating environments.
Children grow up in unwalkable neighborhoods, alienated and unfamiliar with their surroundings.
Children grow up on it, singing it, dancing it.
Children grow up one way or the other.
Children grow up outside instead of inside, feeling alienated and bitter.
Children grow up smaller too.
Children grow up surrounded by recreational activities, with plenty of fun nearby for adults, too.
Children grow up to appreciate the language and become literate.
Children grow up to like the kind of music they hear when they are little.
Children grow up together.
Children grow up too quickly as it is.
Children grow up with grief, understanding more as they get older.
Children grow up with guns, and it becomes as much a part of the family as the kitchen table.
Children grow up with languages of TV, video and computergames.
Children grow up with no understanding of what causes illness or how to prevent it.
Children grow up with poor self-esteem.
Children grow up with the predominantly visual languages of TV, video and computergames.
Children grow up without models of responsible working adults.
Children grow up without shame attached to their bodies.
Children grow up, and as they do, they inevitably leave behind their parents.
Children grow up, brothers and sisters move on to seek their own lives, and loved ones pass away.
Children grow up, grandparents pass away.
Children grow up, move out, graduate from college, get married, and have babies.
Children grow up, parents get old, but family road trips are still expressways to hell.
Children grow up, start their own families, and often move from the area.
Children grow up.
Children grow where they are planted.
Children grow, leave, and return with new family members.
Children growing up in America present a special problem.
Children growing up in America today blindly surrender their halcyon days to television screens.
Children growing up in many one-parent families face multiple challenges.
Children growing up in the church are likely to have their musical inclinations encouraged.
Children growing up in violent families are at a greater risk for being abused themselves.
Children growing up in violent homes are often behind developmentally .
Children growing up today are more aware of death than most adults realize.
Children growing up today see computers as something quite ordinary.
Children guide their own behavior, using it to carry out their plan.
Children habitually live for the moment.
Children handle the hospital experience in a variety of ways.
Children hang down from the joining line of the parents, oldest to youngest from left to right.
Children haphazardly receive training in the life skill of personal integrity.
Children happily play rounders and hopscotch in the village school's playground.
Children harbor the fantasy of their parents re-uniting.
Children has a higher Vd and an increase clearance in comparison to adults.
Children has the same defintion as an Option.
Children hate it.
Children hate that.
Children hate to be lectured to, but they respond to clear information and direction.
Children hate to be manipulated.
Children haul water and collect firewood.
Children have (part) arms.
Children have (part) baby teeth.
Children have (part) body substances.
Children have (part) cell membranes.
Children have (part) cells.
Children have (part) child's bodies.
Children have (part) corpi.
Children have (part) cytoplasm.
Children have (part) heads.
Children have (part) legs.
Children have (part) milk teeth.
Children have (part) necks.
Children have (part) nuclei.
Children have (part) personality.
Children have (part) plasma membranes.
Children have (part) sections.
Children have (part) vacuoles.
Children have a ball while doing all kinds of hands-on activities.
Children have a basic right to life.
Children have a better chance of recalling information that is acquired in more than one form.
Children have a better grasp of their limitations than do adults.
Children have a better prognosis than adults.
Children have a built in desire to please their fathers.
Children have a certain lack of coping skills that mature as they grow.
Children have a chance to record their own versions of history through their collections.
Children have a chance to state their opinions as well as hear what others have to say on the topic.
Children have a choice of playing outside or doing something calmer inside.
Children have a choice of rest or nap time during the day.
Children have a core temperament that appears from birth.
Children have a daily individual lesson structured to meet each child's unique needs.
Children have a delightful sense of wonder and excitement.
Children have a delightful time engaging in geometry, pattern and number sense activities.
Children have a developing conscience.
Children have a different mindset when wearing that outfit.
Children have a different personality for each social context.
Children have a difficult time just being children.
Children have a difficult time psychologically understanding winning and losing.
Children have a direct say in the running of the school through weekly meetings.
Children have a discount.
Children have a duty to obey their parents' reasonable rules and commands.
Children have a faith that, well, just believes what they are told.
Children have a far greater chance of encountering harm outside school.
Children have a firm idea of their place in the family.
Children have a fragile sense of self becaue thay are developing their own identities.
Children have a fundamental right to be protected from harm.
Children have a gift for moving on.
Children have a great capacity for compassion.
Children have a great capacity to learn a second language.
Children have a great fascination with ants.
Children have a great imagination.
Children have a great time while exercising their sense of balance and coordination.
Children have a greater flexibility in scheduling their work which in turn teaches responsibility.
Children have a greater survival rate than in the distant past.
Children have a habit of asking awkward questions.
Children have a hard time distinguishing colors until around age three.
Children have a hard time thinking about the future or planning for it.
Children have a hard time understanding the concept of time and loss.
Children have a hard time understanding the future effects of death.
Children have a higher cardiac output and oxygen consumption per kilogram than adults.
Children have a higher ventilation rate than adults relative to their body weight and lung surface.
Children have a highly developed sense of metaphysics.
Children have a home room with two teachers, one Arab and the other Jewish.
Children have a horse or pony of their own for the day.
Children have a knack for changing or avoiding the subject.
Children have a knack for finding something straight out of our worst nightmares.
Children have a larger disposable income and their lifestyles have changed.
Children have a larger volume of distribution and a decreased elimination half-life.
Children have a legal right to object to all religious training.
Children have a less mature liver and other enzyme systems to detoxify chemicals and microbes.
Children have a lesser ability to distinguish between what is real and what is imagined.
Children have a lesson, art project, snack, and some play time indoors or out.
Children have a limited perspective and therefore often do foolish things.
Children have a longer life expectancy.
Children have a lot of flexibility in how they use the games.
Children have a magical illusion that parents can do anything.
Children have a miraculous way of finding just about anything.
Children have a more difficult time identifying and verbalizing their feelings.
Children have a more secure environment by staying at home.
Children have a much greater chance of recovering with little or no intervention.
Children have a much greater response to betamethasone topical.
Children have a much greater response to topical steroid medications.
Children have a much higher intelligence than to fall for something like that.
Children have a multitude of stories, just waiting for a chance to be told.
Children have a natural curiosity about both animals and plants.
Children have a natural curiosity about fire.
Children have a natural curiosity about objects in their environment, particularly forbidden ones.
Children have a natural curiosity about other living things.
Children have a natural curiosity and an even wider capacity for growth and change.
Children have a natural curiosity and try to mimic or repeat things that they hear.
Children have a natural curiosity, and curiosity is the seed of creativity.
Children have a natural desire to explore the unknown and a love for learning.
Children have a natural desire to learn.
Children have a natural enthusiasm and interest in the environment.
Children have a natural fascination with cooking and baking.
Children have a natural impulse to be active.
Children have a natural infatuation with rocks.
Children have a natural interest in color.
Children have a natural love for learning, but most have to be broken in to the routine of school.
Children have a natural relationship with the energy of their environment.
Children have a natural response of hiding when they are scared.
Children have a natural tendency to use imagination and imagery.
Children have a natural tendency to wiggle.
Children have a natural unwillingness to share.
Children have a natural way of defining themselves and the world they live in.
Children have a neat way of looking at things.
Children have a new and improved page.
Children have a nice way of looking at symmetry, to find symmetries.
Children have a poor sense of time, and hence the length of separation frequently is misunderstood.
Children have a positive affect on lots of people.
Children have a positive and sincere attitude, are well-mannered and devoted to their studies.
Children have a prominent part in the service and in church activities.
Children have a remarkable ability to flourish in a healthy environment.
Children have a right of access to education.
Children have a right over their own bodies though.
Children have a right to a loving and caring family, a proper home, clothing, and healthy food.
Children have a right to a name and nationality.
Children have a right to a safe and supportive environment free from exploitation and abuse.
Children have a right to a secure, danger-free environment.
Children have a right to a violence free family.
Children have a right to achieve their highest potential.
Children have a right to appropriate early reading instruction based on their individual needs.
Children have a right to attend school in their local community.
Children have a right to be better informed and better protected.
Children have a right to be born chemical-free.
Children have a right to be children.
Children have a right to be participants in mapping out their own future.
Children have a right to be protected against serious diseases .
Children have a right to be protected against serious diseases.
Children have a right to be protected from abuse, neglect, labour, and violence.
Children have a right to be taught by teachers who communicate effectively and speak clearly.
Children have a right to be wanted in their family.
Children have a right to classrooms that optimize learning opportunities.
Children have a right to dream.
Children have a right to enjoy childhood and grow up at their own pace.
Children have a right to food and proper nutrition.
Children have a right to form their own opinions about their fathers.
Children have a right to free expression.
Children have a right to grandparents.
Children have a right to grow and develop in strong, safe Utah homes.
Children have a right to have a close relationship with both parents.
Children have a right to have a mother and a father.
Children have a right to have healthy meals and snacks in their schools.
Children have a right to high-quality care and education.
Children have a right to information and opportunities to develop life skills.
Children have a right to information and to use the library on an equal basis with adults.
Children have a right to information relevant to their care placement.
Children have a right to live a 'traditional' life, which consists of one mother and one father.
Children have a right to live and receive services in their home communities.
Children have a right to live and to develop to their full potential.
Children have a right to live in a safe haven, free from physical and psychological mistreatment.
Children have a right to live in an environment free from abuse.
Children have a right to live in secure and loving families.
Children have a right to live in secure, loving families.
Children have a right to love, care, discipline and protection from their parents.
Children have a right to meet with others, and to join or form associations.
Children have a right to play without treading on condoms and syringes.
Children have a right to practise their own religion and culture.
Children have a right to privacy.
Children have a right to reading instruction that makes skilled use of their first language skills.
Children have a right to receive education and financial protection for the future.
Children have a right to safe, effective and humane treatment.
Children have a right to self-determinism as much as anybody else.
Children have a right to the love of grandparents.
Children have a right to their family.
Children have a role in the family.
Children have a say in the rules and discipline.
Children have a sense of wonder.
Children have a sense of worth and value of what they do.
Children have a separate menu that they can order from with their favorite foods.
Children have a separate play area and people keep their dogs on leashes.
Children have a short attention span.
Children have a short life as children.
Children have a special game room in which to wait rather than having to stay in a waiting room.
Children have a special menu with items like macaroni and cheese, hot dogs, hamburgers, and pizza.
Children have a special place in Italia society.
Children have a special place in our life, enjoying the love and care of many adults.
Children have a special relationship with dogs.
Children have a special relationship with grandparents.
Children have a special role to play.
Children have a special role with sheep.
Children have a spiritual core and spiritual needs.
Children have a strong desire for control as they get older.
Children have a strong desire to belong.
Children have a strong natural desire to learn.
Children have a strong sense of fairness.
Children have a strong visual sense.
Children have a sweet way of bringing out creativity in adults.
Children have a tendency to pull and tug, pinch and poke, step on and sit on dogs and cats.
Children have a time to enjoy fellowship with friend in the classroom and on the playground.
Children have a tremendous sense of curiosity.
Children have a unique and open way of creating dreams and goals.
Children have a unique identifier, a number.
Children have a unique status under the law.
Children have a unique way of making a person see familiar things in a whole new light.
Children have a unique way of relating to an adult in sorrow.
Children have a universal fascination with creeks.
Children have a variety of responses to a divorce or separation.
Children have a variety of responses to the knowledge that they are adopted.
Children have a variety of strengths and interests.
Children have a very poor understanding of how long it takes to stop a car.
Children have a voracious appetite for learning, and they learn best the things they learn first.
Children have a way of brightening up the day.
Children have a way of developing notions of entitlement that are very expensive.
Children have a way of dying quietly.
Children have a way of exciting puppies.
Children have a way of recreating our language, expressions and gestures in their pretend play.
Children have a way to remember sounds and spellings.
Children have a way with computers.
Children have a wide range of opportunities in the creative areas of learning, and progress is good.
Children have a wide variety of resourceful ways of thinking from immature to highly complex.
Children have a wonderful capacity to bring dinosaurs to life through their wonder and imagination.
Children have a wonderful time identifying the animals that are portrayed in each episode.
Children have a wonderful, fundamental zest for life.
Children have a yearning to create dens, nests and hiding places.
Children have ability.
Children have abnormal brain development.
Children have abnormal development.
Children have about six to ten colds a year.
Children have absentee parents, temptations of drugs and street life and live in projects.
Children have access to a variety of intellectually challenging activities.
Children have access to all of the library's collections and services.
Children have access to anything they want bad enough.
Children have access to mathematical games as well as number related play opportunities.
Children have access to shaded areas and water fountains while outdoors.
Children have access to some of Ontario's best elementary, secondary and private schools.
Children have access to sophisticated education facilities through tele-learning.
Children have access to sophisticated educational facilities through tele-learning.
Children have access to the media in ways their parents never imagined.
Children have access to the same resources as adults.
Children have access to their own computer during class.
Children have access to various activities throughout the day.
Children have accidents in school, on school trips, at home or just down the park.
Children have adequate iron stores for the first four to six months of life.
Children have after-school activities and homework interferes with the little dears' karate lessons.
Children have ages.
Children have airways.
Children have all kinds of uses for stickers.
Children have all sorts of dreams.
Children have all year to collect the cards.
Children have also the right to defend themselves against abusive parents.
Children have amazing abilities to cope with situations they understand.
Children have amazing capabilities when they understand a situation.
Children have an absolute right to attend at all stages of their hearing.
Children have an absolute right to be kept safe.
Children have an almost insatiable hunger to learn, but they don t like being bored.
Children have an amazing ability and capacity to deal with truth.
Children have an amazing ability to remember songs in commercials or various children's song.
Children have an array of challenging issues.
Children have an awesome ability to be prophets.
Children have an emotional connection to books.
Children have an enormous capacity for innovation, but they are vulnerable to exploitation.
Children have an even harder time.
Children have an eye for detail.
Children have an incomplete understanding of what it means to be an adult.
Children have an increased incidence of segmental vitiligo.
Children have an increased risk of conduct disorder and delinquency.
Children have an inherent curiosity for all that is hazardous.
Children have an innate ability for language learning.
Children have an innate ability to acquire multiple languages.
Children have an innate ability to learn.
Children have an innate appetite for music.
Children have an innate desire to grow up and become adults.
Children have an innate sense of fairness and are quick to spot injustices, real and imagined.
Children have an innate sense of fairness, apart from their conditioning.
Children have an insatiable appetite for discovery.
Children have an insatiable lust for speed.
Children have an instinctive ability to beg and plead their way out of consequences.
Children have an interesting role in our reactions to consumerism.
Children have an intrinisic motivation to develop control over their own movement.
Children have an intrinsic desire to learn.
Children have an intrinsic motivation to act and to organize their actions.
Children have an open and pure heart.
Children have an opportunity at morning recess to eat a midmorning snack brought from home.
Children have an opportunity to explore the natural world for writing subjects and inspiration.
Children have an opportunity to learn basic gymnastic skills on fun, safe equipment.
Children have an opportunity to learn recorder and percussion instruments from year three onwards.
Children have an opportunity to participate in a wide variety of activities on a weekly basis.
Children have an opportunity to play and gain experience socializing with other children their age.
Children have an opportunity to play and gain some experience socializing with others their age.
Children have an opportunity to play and learn with others, and are more prepared for school.
Children have an opportunity to play outside each day that weather permits.
Children have an opportunity to play outside every day that weather permits.
Children have an opportunity to play outside every day.
Children have an opportunity to see and touch real animals.
Children have an opportunity to show different aspects of their personalities.
Children have an outsider's perspective just for being who they are.
Children have an uncanny ability to teach and learn from each other.
Children have annoying, frustrating and upsetting ways of expressing their anger.
Children have appetite.
Children have at least two outside play times daily.
Children have attention.
Children have back pain just as adults do.
Children have bad attitude.
Children have bad days and good days, too.
Children have better eyesights.
Children have birthdays every day.
Children have blood lead tests.
Children have blood.
Children have bones.
Children have books.
Children have both positive and negative qualities.
Children have boundless energy, but tire quickly.
Children have brain development.
Children have brains.
Children have breakfast and participate in a variety of activities.
Children have breakfasts.
Children have breathe problems.
Children have busy schedules too, between school, homework and after school activities.
Children have center time everyday where they explore and practice new concepts.
Children have certain advantages over adults in teaching peers.
Children have certain limitations, fat people have certain limitations.
Children have choices and are an integral part of the planning process.
Children have choices of both favorite and popular characters.
Children have choices.
Children have chromosomal problems.
Children have claim upon their parents for their maintenance. . . .
Children have computer lessons once a week.
Children have concepts.
Children have concerns about who knows what happened.
Children have conditions.
Children have conflicting opnions about the movie's message.
Children have control over their own upbringing.
Children have control over what they want to do and at what speed.
Children have coughs.
Children have daily opportunities for uninterrupted reading.
Children have daily reading experiences in whole and small group, as well as individual.
Children have daily spelling homework and weekly spelling tests to become better spellers.
Children have development.
Children have diarrhea when their bowel movements are frequent and watery.
Children have diarrhea.
Children have diets.
Children have different abilities.
Children have different amounts of discomfort after operations.
Children have different concerns in each stage of development.
Children have different ideas of love and sex.
Children have different interests and physical abilities that influence their choice of exercise.
Children have different interpretations of right and wrong.
Children have different learning rates.
Children have different learning styles and benefit from multi-sensory input and shared activities.
Children have different learning styles and learning strengths.
Children have different levels of understanding and maturity.
Children have different needs and different personalities.
Children have different needs and solutions to solve than an adult.
Children have different needs at different ages.
Children have different needs to comfortably use a computer.
Children have different personalities and temperaments, and grow at different rates.
Children have different reaction.
Children have different reading abilities and different experiential backgrounds.
Children have different temperaments and growth rates.
Children have different temperaments.
Children have difficult grasping some information.
Children have difficulty grasping some information.
Children have difficulty judging speed, spatial relations and distance.
Children have difficulty learning to read, write, problem solve, etc.
Children have difficulty seeing over adults.
Children have difficulty sometimes learning to trust others when they have lost a loved one.
Children have difficulty understanding grey areas.
Children have difficulty understanding how money can make more money.
Children have difficulty.
Children have disease processes that are much different from their adult counterparts.
Children have dozens of teachers in their lifetime.
Children have dreams too.
Children have ear infection.
Children have easy access to safe toys on open shelves.
Children have education.
Children have email accounts too.
Children have endless fun by designing wild outfit's and printing out paper doll cutouts.
Children have endocrine problems.
Children have energy all the time because they have no worries.
Children have energy levels.
Children have energy that needs to be released.
Children have energy.
Children have enormous influence over all major purchases in a family.
Children have enough problems learning to read and write English correctly.
Children have enough space and materials to play constructively.
Children have enough stress in school, especially at a new school.
Children have epiglottises.
Children have etiquettes of their own.
Children have every right to go into an animals territory.
Children have everything to gain from the proper balance of rights and responsibilities in society.
Children have excellent learning capacities for languages.
Children have excellent models for active synagogue participation.
Children have exciting learning experiences when they are happy, secure, and self- confident.
Children have expectancy.
Children have experience.
Children have exposure.
Children have extraordinary antennae for picking up emotional cues from their surroundings.
Children have extremely sensitive taste buds .
Children have extremely sensitive taste buds.
Children have eyesights.
Children have facial anomalies and are mentally retarded.
Children have facile use of their imagination.
Children have faith in their parents.
Children have faith, trust and belief.
Children have fantasies of running away.
Children have fast food.
Children have faster pulses than adults.
Children have fathers.
Children have favorite programs for the same reason.
Children have fear, insecurity, frustration and difficulty learning.
Children have feeling just as adults do.
Children have feelings and sensitivities.
Children have feelings, needs and expectations like everyone else.
Children have few opportunities to take part in rituals in such an active way.
Children have fewer checks on primal violent urges than adults.
Children have fewer doctor's visits and fewer ear and gastrointestinal infections.
Children have First Amendment Rights, too.
Children have first urinary tract infection.
Children have food.
Children have fragile emotions, as well as weak bodies.
Children have free access to all library materials.
Children have frequent ear infection.
Children have frequent infection.
Children have frequent problems with infections, growth, anemia, and recurring episodes of pain.
Children have fresh and creative minds.
Children have fresh views and often hold different perspectives from adults.
Children have friends.
Children have fun acting out a simple play based on a childhood tale or short story.
Children have fun and are educated about their asthma.
Children have fun and learn more about money.
Children have fun building the farm and learn about how farms produce food, and what farmers do.
Children have fun building the town and learn about city planning and geography.
Children have fun building the village and learn about city planning and geography.
Children have fun designing, and then creating their own ink stamps.
Children have fun during all lesson.
Children have fun finding the missing sticker and adding it to each scene of the sotry.
Children have fun in the kiddie pool and game room.
Children have fun learning about a variety of environments in which animals live.
Children have fun playing with lacing beads.
Children have fun saving with their very own savings account.
Children have fun when they can participate.
Children have fun while singing songs of faith and learning about their voices.
Children have goals and ambitions of their own.
Children have goals and they learn the easy way or sometimes the hard way.
Children have good diets.
Children have great difficulty swallowing tablets.
Children have great imagination.
Children have great imaginations and are very comfortable with hypnosis.
Children have great vitamin, mineral, protein, carbohydrate and energy needs while they are growing.
Children have greater exposure potential than adults.
Children have greater neutrophilic response than adults .
Children have greater susceptibility to diseases related to contamination from sewage.
Children have guns.
Children have hands.
Children have hands-on experiences.
Children have have parents.
Children have health problems.
Children have health.
Children have high calorie and nutrient needs, but their stomachs are small.
Children have high energy needs because their bodies grow rapidly.
Children have higher fevers than adults.
Children have higher IQ scores when fathers are more involved.
Children have higher IQ scores where fathers are more involved.
Children have hobbies and an interest in science.
Children have homes.
Children have ideas about what they want to do with their free time.
Children have ideas.
Children have immunizations against all sorts of things.
Children have important roles in household chores related to hygiene.
Children have inborn seeds of the good and the bad.
Children have infection.
Children have insights that adults often lack.
Children have it hard enough just growing up.
Children have just as much worth as adults.
Children have legitimate science activities.
Children have length.
Children have less blood in circulation simply because they're smaller.
Children have less choice than adults.
Children have less time for outdoor activities.
Children have less, the amount depending on the size of the child.
Children have levels.
Children have life expectancy.
Children have limited success in learning to manage their tics through modifications.
Children have limited verbalization and growing comprehension.
Children have limits.
Children have little energy reserve and become energy depleted quickly.
Children have little enough time for reading in their busy, scheduled lives.
Children have little facilitated contact with their future first-grade teacher.
Children have little influence on the number of hours devoted by households to paid work.
Children have little or no sense of danger.
Children have little resistance to adopting English.
Children have little trouble learning that the letter has a name and it says something.
Children have little, if any political influence and have to rely on adults to do their talking.
Children have long summer days to fill.
Children have lower lung function the day after exposure to high concentrations of wood smoke.
Children have lower status, and very little decision-making power until they become adults.
Children have lower sweating capacity and less tolerance for hot temperatures.
Children have lunch together and continue age appropriate activities inside and outside.
Children have many caring adults whom they learn to trust.
Children have many intelligences, all of which can be enriched and facilitated for in the classroom.
Children have many languages for expressing and communicating.
Children have many names for the different kinds of cicadas.
Children have many needs before speech.
Children have many opportunities for active, large muscle play both indoors and outdoors.
Children have many opportunities for active, large-muscle play.
Children have many opportunities to see how reading and writing are useful.
Children have many opportunities to work collaboratively.
Children have many options.
Children have many questions about food.
Children have many questions, feelings, assumptions and concerns about divorce.
Children have many specific needs just as adults do.
Children have many spokespeople.
Children have many ways of communicating with one other in secret.
Children have mass.
Children have medical conditions.
Children have memory.
Children have middle ear infection.
Children have milk, eggs, bread, wholesome meals containing meat and vegetables.
Children have minds like sponges, and they keep adding new things to their mind regularly.
Children have minds that are the closest to pure that humans can get.
Children have minds that are the truest and closest to pure that humans can get.
Children have mixed feelings about being videotaped.
Children have more chance to get educated, especially in the city.
Children have more colds than adults.
Children have more flexible upper bodies and shoulders.
Children have more needs.
Children have more opportunities to engage in active learning.
Children have more questions than answers.
Children have more sensitive ears than adults.
Children have mother fathers.
Children have much easier access to the television than they do to a movie.
Children have much less time they can spend following the desires they happen to have.
Children have much more important work to do.
Children have much more sensitive skin than adults and can easily get burned.
Children have much to gain as well as much to lose from accessing the Internet.
Children have much to learn from their elders.
Children have muscles.
Children have mystical powers of perception.
Children have narrower airways and breathe more rapidly than adults.
Children have narrower airways than do adults.
Children have natural abilities as trainers.
Children have natural advantages as trainers.
Children have nearly invariable success in learning the complex and subtle skills of talking.
Children have nearly the same needs no matter where they live.
Children have nearly the same wishes no matter where they come from.
Children have needs and expectations, just like parents.
Children have negative reaction.
Children have nightmares about mom or dad having to refuse a blood transfusion.
Children have nightmares.
Children have no access to schooling.
Children have no built-in limit to the amount of people they can love.
Children have no business in armed conflict.
Children have no business owning a dog.
Children have no business with handguns.
Children have no choice over how capable they are.
Children have no choice over the family into which they are born.
Children have no concept of death.
Children have no consciences, and no concept of the consequences they face.
Children have no control.
Children have no cost, color or religion.
Children have no duties, except to their studies and their families.
Children have no end of imagination, and what a priceless gift it is.
Children have no fear of the computer.
Children have no financial resources.
Children have no idea.
Children have no information regarding means of continuing education or getting jobs.
Children have no innate vulnerability to toxic matter.
Children have no legal obligation to pay for their parents care.
Children have no legal right to view pornography, at a library or anywhere else.
Children have no mercy, especially in the ghetto.
Children have no noses until puberty.
Children have no pencils.
Children have no place in that kind of dojo.
Children have no place in war.
Children have no real capacity to think ahead, no capacity to be on the lookout for the unexpected.
Children have no reasons to justify being hit or smacked around.
Children have no resources available.
Children have no respect for their parents anymore.
Children have no scruples over allowing animals to rank as their full equals.
Children have no sense of the implications of what they say.
Children have no spiritual and moral training, neither by example nor by word.
Children have no status.
Children have no such basis for comparison.
Children have no such broadened perspective.
Children have no such rights.
Children have no trouble with scientific names, evidence the dinosaurs.
Children have no vested interest in their parent's property.
Children have no vested interest in their parents' property.
Children have no voice in their nation's politics.
Children have no vote.
Children have no way to tell the difference between fact and fantasy.
Children have none.
Children have normal energy levels.
Children have normal levels.
Children have notoriously short attention spans.
Children have of permission the parent to view.
Children have one disadvantage.
Children have one each if possible.
Children have one parent, and parents can have zero, one, or many children.
Children have open growth plates, also called epiphysis, located at the end of the long bones.
Children have open time to dream, play and create.
Children have opinions about a lot of things.
Children have opinions, ideas, and views that they like to share.
Children have opportunities for academic excellence at all levels.
Children have opportunities for supervised play in sand.
Children have opportunities to choose from a variety of activities and materials whenever possible.
Children have opportunities to make choices.
Children have opportunities to select books they want to read.
Children have opportunities to share their stories.
Children have opportunities to socialize during lunch and recess.
Children have opportunities to socialize with older children at meal times in the school cafeteria.
Children have opportunities to solve problems and learn about making decisions.
Children have opportunities to work and play independently and within groups.
Children have opportunities to write at their own development level.
Children have opportunities to write, paint, sing, act, build and create.
Children have options.
Children have other options.
Children have ownership, motivation, and enthusiasm when they are included in the decisions.
Children have parents.
Children have particular health needs.
Children have parties.
Children have pay attention.
Children have physical needs for food, rest, and exercise.
Children have picnics and celebrate with their parents.
Children have pinworm infection.
Children have places and activities to grow, learn, get together, and enjoy themselves.
Children have plenty of time for language learning as they are growing up.
Children have poor appetite.
Children have powerful imaginations.
Children have pre-verbal trauma that is quite devastating without the language.
Children have problems visualizing death.
Children have problems with growth and lung infections.
Children have problems.
Children have protection.
Children have psychological problems including difficulty creating permanent attachments.
Children have quality education.
Children have reaction.
Children have recollection.
Children have relational needs, faith needs and life skill needs.
Children have relatively short attention spans.
Children have remarkable growth rate and the bones can realign themselves as healing progresses.
Children have remarkable insight, and they can be a source of joy and comfort.
Children have respiratory infection.
Children have responsibilities such as spinning goat and camel hair into thread.
Children have rights .
Children have rights as well as responsibilities.
Children have rights to information and education.
Children have rights to their feelings, wishes and individual needs.
Children have rights to.
Children have rights too - including to be protected and feel safe within their family.
Children have rights too.
Children have rights, too.
Children have rights.
Children have rights.
Children have rules of behavior, too.
Children have safe and appropriate play facilities and playmates within the community.
Children have senses.
Children have sensitive periods or phases of development for certain types of learning.
Children have sensitive skin.
Children have sensitive, loving natures.
Children have serious cope problems.
Children have serious problems.
Children have several different reaction.
Children have several options.
Children have several reasons for more ear infections.
Children have severe feed problems.
Children have severe problems.
Children have sexual identities and curiosity, at different levels, from birth.
Children have shoes.
Children have short attention spans and libraries can be boring.
Children have short attention spans and want relatively immediate results.
Children have short attention spans.
Children have short lives as children.
Children have sides.
Children have significant amounts of family travel information.
Children have significant challenges to face during the middle years.
Children have similar outcomes, with quality of life improvements dramatic.
Children have skills.
Children have slippers already available to use in their lockers.
Children have small stomachs.
Children have small vesicles around the mouth, and on the forehead.
Children have smaller dose requirements than adults.
Children have smaller jaws with absent or delicate and small dentition.
Children have smaller stomachs, and they just can t eat large amounts in one sitting.
Children have so much fun, they are unaware that they are learning so much.
Children have so much fun, they wish the class lasted longer.
Children have so much to do at the hotel that they have their own daily schedule.
Children have so much to learn that they often feel overwhelmed.
Children have so much to offer one another at any age and ability level of learning.
Children have someone to talk with and confide in.
Children have sore throats.
Children have space for knowledge.
Children have space to store their belongings.
Children have special dietary needs to promote their growth and development.
Children have special nutritional needs.
Children have special relationships with animals.
Children have special relationships with their pets.
Children have spines, too.
Children have strokes, too.
Children have successful transitions.
Children have such a desire to learn about the outdoors.
Children have such active imagination and relentless energy.
Children have such varied reactions to the sea.
Children have such wonderful ways of communicating their displeasure with each other.
Children have sugar water.
Children have systemic exposure.
Children have tantrums.
Children have teeth.
Children have temper tantrums.
Children have temperature.
Children have tests.
Children have that special gift of opening our minds and hearts, even wounded ones.
Children have the ability to communicate without words.
Children have the ability to find anything adults can hide.
Children have the ability to learn.
Children have the ability to minister to other people at various levels.
Children have the ability to sign even before they can speak.
Children have the ability to touch the very depth of our souls.
Children have the advantage of making new and different friends.
Children have the answers.
Children have the best chance when everyone is collectively informed and responsive.
Children have the biggest homogenous culture in the world.
Children have the capacity to acquire the number system.
Children have the capacity to develop new language more naturally than do adults.
Children have the chance to grow strong and healthy from better nutrition.
Children have the chance to play basketball, soccer, swim, ice skate and play flag football.
Children have the chance to reinvent communications, culture and community.
Children have the chance to sing solo and make up new verses.
Children have the complete attention of the caregiver.
Children have the coordination necessary by then.
Children have the edge, no doubt, because they lack an adult's competing mental clutter.
Children have the first rights to an attorney.
Children have the freedom of speech.
Children have the freedom to move around and food distribution becomes orderly.
Children have the freedom to touch, handle and experiment with art materials and various techniques.
Children have the greatest dependance.
Children have the greatest dreams.
Children have the highest infection rates for influenza viruses.
Children have the highest poverty rate of any age group.
Children have the highest rate of machinery-related injuries and fatalities.
Children have the most fun when they let their imaginations run wild.
Children have the most important stake in keeping our planet healthy.
Children have the music choreographed for their final performance and develop an art exhibit.
Children have the natural ability to develop new language skills more naturally than do adults.
Children have the opportunity of using two backpacks per month.
Children have the opportunity of visiting businesses that are similar to the ones they are creating.
Children have the opportunity to ask questions in an atmosphere of fun.
Children have the opportunity to choose the area which they are interested in.
Children have the opportunity to come into contact with objects from the culture they are studying.
Children have the opportunity to compete at club, regional and state levels.
Children have the opportunity to continually express their faith through the songs they sing.
Children have the opportunity to develop a relationship with a caring adult and with their peers.
Children have the opportunity to experience a wide range of media usage and application.
Children have the opportunity to experience the outdoors with structure and purpose.
Children have the opportunity to have extra practice on the computer to work on their goals.
Children have the opportunity to learn and celebrate Christian holidays throughout the year.
Children have the opportunity to learn from each other's discussions and discoveries.
Children have the opportunity to learn money management and save for the future.
Children have the opportunity to make new friends.
Children have the opportunity to meet other kids who understand how they are feeling.
Children have the opportunity to play an active role in both types of children's worship.
Children have the opportunity to play and work with things they like.
Children have the opportunity to play team sports, including football and netball.
Children have the opportunity to play with new toys and join in new fun activities.
Children have the opportunity to read stories, have a snack and make new friends.
Children have the opportunity to respond by e-mail to authors and illustrators.
Children have the opportunity to shop with area sports figures and television personalities.
Children have the opportunity to view the weather in different areas within the United States.
Children have the opportunity to work with different art materials, media, and techniques.
Children have the option of a child s plate that includes a hot dog, potato chips and a cookie.
Children have the option of bringing money for the Beehive store and crafts.
Children have the option of viewing each story as a whole or page by page.
Children have the option to attend a half-day session.
Children have the procedure done as an outpatient and return home the same day.
Children have the rest of their lives to learn to play music.
Children have the right to a basic education that is free and of good quality.
Children have the right to a enjoy at least a few hours every day when they are free from worries.
Children have the right to a legal representative in theses cases.
Children have the right to a safe, nurturing environment where mutual respect exists for all.
Children have the right to an excellent education in any school.
Children have the right to an innocent childhood - a childhood without fear of any kind.
Children have the right to assembly, by virtue of their baptism, and ought therefore to remain.
Children have the right to be born free of chemical contamination.
Children have the right to be brought up in an Islamic environment by good Muslim parents.
Children have the right to be financially supported by both parents after separation or divorce.
Children have the right to be heard.
Children have the right to be reared by a father and a mother who provide for their needs.
Children have the right to be supported by both parents.
Children have the right to benefit from the love, care, protection and guidance of both parents.
Children have the right to continue their educational endeavors while hospitalized.
Children have the right to develop their talents.
Children have the right to develop to their maximum social, emotional, and intellectual abilities.
Children have the right to dream, and to grow at their own pace.
Children have the right to drop out of the project at any time, for any reason.
Children have the right to education free from indoctrination.
Children have the right to experience life with as much joy and hope as humanly possible.
Children have the right to express their opinions and ideas.
Children have the right to form their own views in matters of conscience and religion.
Children have the right to grow up free of abuse.
Children have the right to grow up safe from torture and cruelty.
Children have the right to grow up without being ordered to carry weapons or kill other people.
Children have the right to have fun and be safe in the activities they are involved in.
Children have the right to have their voices heard and their problems acknowledged and addressed.
Children have the right to information.
Children have the right to know and love both of their parents.
Children have the right to know and love both parents.
Children have the right to know both parents.
Children have the right to know both their parents.
Children have the right to know who their mother and father are.
Children have the right to learn and be useful members of society.
Children have the right to learn in a safe, structured, and orderly environment.
Children have the right to listen to music of their choice.
Children have the right to live without fear and hurt of abuse.
Children have the right to live, learn, and play in a toxic free environment.
Children have the right to maintain their language, family and cultural ties.
Children have the right to medical care and freedom from harmful physical treatment.
Children have the right to medical care.
Children have the right to meet with others, and to join or form associations.
Children have the right to play, but educators have a job to do.
Children have the right to privacy to the same extent adults have.
Children have the right to protection from sexual abuse.
Children have the right to pursue asylum despite the wishes of the parents.
Children have the right to say no to violence.
Children have the right to say no, even to an adult.
Children have the right to see their options before being steered into loyalty to one brand.
Children have the right to special care and protection when needed.
Children have the right to withdraw from the study at any time.
Children have the right, recognized in international law, to good nutrition.
Children have the same ability to invent and write music at a very early age as they do stories.
Children have the same check out privileges as adults.
Children have the same experiences.
Children have the same inner struggle as adults.
Children have the same rights as adults.
Children have the same teachers for more than one year.
Children have the time of their lives and families come together in a shared journey into discovery.
Children have the time of their lives.
Children have the time to explore intellectually and to think.
Children have the unique right to have their legal guardian serve as their advocate.
Children have the worst medical care in the world.
Children have their agency to reject the teachings of good parents.
Children have their choice of cheese ravioli, or spaghetti with sauce, bread and a drink.
Children have their first experience with the electronic card catalogue.
Children have their heroes.
Children have their moments in which they are the easiest to handle.
Children have their own contributions to make to the life of the church.
Children have their own craft and play time.
Children have their own dinner menu at a reduced price.
Children have their own explanations about things.
Children have their own explanations for things.
Children have their own handbooks that they work in at individual paces.
Children have their own house after marriage.
Children have their own ideas and interests .
Children have their own ideas and interests.
Children have their own interactive art gallery.
Children have their own keyboard to make music.
Children have their own menu.
Children have their own pace, personalities and comfort levels.
Children have their own play area, while adults have a championship sand volleyball complex.
Children have their own reactions to disabled people.
Children have their own special thoughts and feelings, joys and sorrows, hopes and fears.
Children have their own standards in their selection of friends and playmates.
Children have their own stuff, homework to do and friends they want to entertain.
Children have their own temperaments, personalities and individual ways of reacting to authority.
Children have their own testing equipment.
Children have their own timetable.
Children have their own time-table.
Children have their play on the seashore of worlds.
Children have thinner skin than adults and are more sensitive to UV rays.
Children have thinner skin than adults, so they suffer more serious burns at lower temperatures.
Children have throats.
Children have time to begin researching and developing criteria.
Children have time to pursue their own interests in greater depth.
Children have time to think and explore new interests.
Children have time to work individually, in small groups and as a large group throughout the day.
Children have time.
Children have tissue.
Children have to achieve success early or they are regarded as losers.
Children have to adapt to long car rides.
Children have to adapt to new schools and their leave friends behind.
Children have to adjust to new circumstances and day-care.
Children have to adjust to other children, and learn how to stand up for themselves.
Children have to adjust to the beginning of school.
Children have to apply for their own passports.
Children have to ask the teachers for supplies before they go to the bathroom.
Children have to be cared for and nurtured.
Children have to be educated , but they have also to be left to educate themselves .
Children have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves.
Children have to be fed, cared for and educated.
Children have to be introduced and indoctrinated into artificial worlds.
Children have to be made to go to school at first.
Children have to be protected against the sun and rain.
Children have to be put at the top of the human development agenda.
Children have to be responsible for their actions and disciplined when and where needed.
Children have to be shown the way by parents as well as teachers.
Children have to be strictly warned against spitting, as it is an international menace.
Children have to be strong enough to do what they have to do to be happy.
Children have to be taught to hate.
Children have to be taught to keep the things in the right place.
Children have to be taught to live in the real world.
Children have to be taught to respect each other s hobbies.
Children have to be very patient with grown-ups.
Children have to become accustomed to use new communication technologies.
Children have to compete with adults in the work place.
Children have to deal with issues even more upsetting than seeing a sex act.
Children have to deal with stress every day in their lives.
Children have to eat.
Children have to face ridicule and rejection.
Children have to find or change items to resemble eyes, ears, a mouth, hair, legs, etc.
Children have to get the hang of working with others.
Children have to give up a lot of the child-level songs and activities.
Children have to go to school, and for most people hunting is a part-time occupation.
Children have to go, and the length of time has increased over the years.
Children have to guess the person's occupation.
Children have to have all immunizations up to date and a current physical examination.
Children have to have incentive to study science and mathematics.
Children have to hear it and adults have to give it, no matter how much it hurts to do so.
Children have to know if their parents got tainted money.
Children have to know that arguments are a part of life.
Children have to learn all kinds of silly facts by heart.
Children have to learn how to balance their own needs with the needs of others.
Children have to learn how to make their own choices and make their own decisions.
Children have to learn skills to develop independently, and also, how to work and play with others.
Children have to learn through involvement with people.
Children have to learn to be responsible.
Children have to learn to communicate in both languages.
Children have to learn to go beyond understanding.
Children have to learn to take care of their possessions.
Children have to like and trust their instructor before they'll let go of their fears.
Children have to make their own choices, and follow their own paths to reach their goal.
Children have to meet certain criteria.
Children have to meet our own criteria for inclusion.
Children have to negotiate treacherous flooded paths on their way to school.
Children have to pay attention to their body signals.
Children have to play in the street, meaning that parents have to supervise their play.
Children have to please, and unfortunately, have to lie, to stay alive.
Children have to read a lot at home and school to become capable readers.
Children have to read each sentence and click on the word which they think is a preposition.
Children have to read instructions to complete the activity.
Children have to realize that stretching requires some discomfort.
Children have to realize, for many reasons, that their body is their responsibility.
Children have to recite multiplication tables over and over until they are part of the brain.
Children have to register and have parents sign a form giving permission to use the site.
Children have to respond to text by predicting the right thing to say in each quirky situation.
Children have to run amok for a few hours out of the day.
Children have to scuffle in order to grow up normally.
Children have to spend a minimum of four months in a sterile room.
Children have to stay away from swimming when they have otitis externa.
Children have to take all the city tests and everything.
Children have to take more responsibility.
Children have to think more analytically, explain how they got their answers.
Children have to travel many miles to access vital information.
Children have to understand how sentences are constructed.
Children have to understand that the letters a , A, and a are all the same letter.
Children have to use booster seats so that the seat belt fits better .
Children have to use booster seats so that the seat belt fits better.
Children have to use cold water.
Children have to walk over two miles to the nearest school.
Children have to zap from one channel to another on public television to get what they want.
Children have toes.
Children have too few opportunities to learn about and practice for the real world.
Children have too much exposure to electronic messages.
Children have toys.
Children have tract infection.
Children have tremendous curiosity about their bodies.
Children have trouble expressing their anger and frustration, just as adults do.
Children have trouble judging complex chains of events.
Children have trouble remembering details.
Children have trouble traveling for many reasons.
Children have trouble understanding what the disaster is and why it happens.
Children have trouble with transitions at that age.
Children have two lists to choose from.
Children have two parents and probably enough siblings.
Children have type a blood.
Children have underlie problems.
Children have understandings of death early in life.
Children have unique and individual learning styles.
Children have unique developmental schedules.
Children have unique illnesses, illnesses that are virtually always diagnosed early in life.
Children have unique physical, emotional and social needs.
Children have unique timing and patterns of development.
Children have unlimited imaginations.
Children have urinary infection.
Children have use of the gymnasium, playground and athletic field.
Children have use of the gymnasium, theatre, playground and athletic field.
Children have vaccination requirements before they start school, and booster schedules to maintain.
Children have vague ideas of time.
Children have varied attention spans and abilities to sit for long periods of time.
Children have very active minds and they have a lot to offer.
Children have very different learning modes.
Children have very few specific rights.
Children have very good instinct.
Children have very little to live on.
Children have very powerful imaginations.
Children have very soft lenses, which can be aspirated without previous ultravibration.
Children have very special healthcare needs.
Children have very specific requirements if they are to thrive and prosper.
Children have very strong instincts.
Children have viral infection.
Children have vivid imaginations and little experience with life.
Children have vivid spiritual lives, but they have trouble talking with adults in abstract terms.
Children have watchful eyes.
Children have water.
Children have wide fluctuations in the visual abilities.
Children have wisdom and they are naturally in touch with their intuition.
Children have wonderful fantasy worlds.
Children have wonderful imaginations.
Children have wonderful opportunities today to have fun with learning.
Children have words for using the toilet.
Children have, it seems, limitless energy and enthusiasm.
Children have, opportunities to work with different media.
Children having children is one of the great tragedies of our society.
Children having frequent boils often carry the bacteria in their noses.
Children hawk blocks of frozen shrimp from Asia.
Children heal and learn to trust again.
Children heal faster than adults.
Children heal from physical abuse, as horrible as it is.
Children hear a bout being fair and kind to others, then discuss the lessons found in the story.
Children hear a soft and gentle voice, almost like that of a woman.
Children hear and remember everything.
Children hear and remember racial comments that adults make.
Children hear both English and Spanish every day.
Children hear dogs.
Children hear each letter, word and sentence spoken, as they type.
Children hear everything.
Children hear greetings in Swahili.
Children hear language above their independent reading level yet suitable for their listening level.
Children hear more of dress than of their Saviour.
Children hear music during the second trimester in utero.
Children hear owls.
Children hear pieces with different gradations of volume, a quiet lullaby, a strong march.
Children hear profanity from TV, on the playground and at relatives' homes.
Children hear special readers each day.
Children hear stories and do finger plays, rhymes, bean bag and rhythm stick activities.
Children hear stories.
Children hear tales.
Children hear that question often, even when they re very young.
Children hear the stories from their grandmothers.
Children help and teach other children, their parents and teachers.
Children help build a scale model of the park in which their grandparents became engaged.
Children Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Children help by chasing wild animals and birds away from the crops.
Children help clean up after lunch.
Children help each other and have fun creating imaginative characters and scenarios.
Children help families.
Children Help find a missing child.
Children help find the figure and place it on a large calendar.
Children help groom and ready their horse for riding, then mount up and practice real riding skills.
Children help mother with dinner and after dinner.
Children help one another and come to feel that helping is part of living.
Children help one another throughout the song so that they can be successful.
Children help out by playing six activities to gather letters for each word.
Children help out in all activities.
Children help parents.
Children help prepare and serve the meals, learning basic kitchen skills.
Children help prepare the meals and have clean-up duties.
Children help run the center, taking on progressively more responsibility as they get older.
Children help select books that they wish to discuss as a group.
Children help set schedules for mealtimes.
Children help solve problems.
Children help solve the case by being themselves.
Children help to built bridges of peace with the countries where they stay.
Children help to set up and clean their lunch environment.
Children help with snack, wipe tables and pass out paper and materials.
Children help women.
Children helping children is an awesome gift to give to the less fortunate.
Children helping children is what our theme is.
Children here are able to communicate in a language readily understood by each other.
Children here are confident and secure.
Children here are very fond of our toys.
Children here can take pride in their accomplishments and learn to dream.
Children here have a nurse on duty and licensed hair stylists.
Children here have a remarkable literacy rate in fact, the best in all of Latin America.
Children here have to get up early in order to catch the bus into Toad.
Children here learn English, science, and arts.
Children here learn self-discipline, responsibility, and the skills to work with others in concert.
Children here receive both psychological support and medical attention for at least three months.
Children hesitate to play in neighborhood playgrounds.
Children hide in fear.
Children highlight the summer.
Children hike or attend picture shows on weekends.
Children hike through the rare South Florida pine rocklands.
Children hit by their parents are more likely to be violent.
Children hold a special place in our work.
Children hold a special place in the hearts of many here, women and men alike.
Children hold a special place in the world as well as in our hearts.
Children hold bottles.
Children hold coins for the monkey's cup.
Children hold hands and skip in a circle while singing the song over and over.
Children hold hands with their parents as they tour a school building.
Children hold hands.
Children hold nothing back.
Children hold press conferences and newspaper, radio and television coverage escalates.
Children hold sway in film and on television.
Children hold the puppets in front of their faces and have the puppets talk to each other.
Children hold up a mirror to society.
Children hold up chubby fingers indicating their age.
Children honor parents and parents children.
Children honor their parents because they are thankful.
Children hop around the outside of the circle until the music stops, then try to get to a lily pad.
Children however begin by taking into account quantitative properties.
Children huddle in corners and under desks.
Children huddle, beneath street lights.
Children hurt puppies.
Children hurt their parents.
Children hypothesize as to the size of dinosaurs.
Children identify and classify different sea animals by body type.
Children identify and take relevant measurements.
Children identify children.
Children identify familiar media and develop an appreciation for artwork from various cultures.
Children identify public places, and draw others that they can use.
Children identify rhythms in a selection of traditional rhymes.
Children identify specific places in their community, and draw a picture of their neighborhood.
Children identify suitable material and colours for the new garment.
Children identify the edible parts of plants and explain how they can be eaten.
Children identify the marks and read text with appropriate expression.
Children identify the sight words in the text.
Children identify the war quite frequently with destruction and killing.
Children identify with adults and peers they love or admire.
Children identify with children they read about.
Children identify with safety habits followed by adults in their daily routines.
Children identify with the characters in books.
Children identify with their pets.
Children identify words in their day to day lives, thanks to advertising.
Children idolize athletes more than any other group of people in the world.
Children idolize professional athletes, and picture themselves as future stars.
Children illustrate and dictate what they saw, smelled, tasted, felt, heard.
Children illustrate how people can partner just as animals do.
Children illustrate or write summaries of sequences from the story.
Children imagine that they are new to a class, school, club or district.
Children imagine they are each an important piece of a large puzzle.
Children imiate the behavior they observe.
Children imitate adult behavior, and children with active parents are usually active themselves.
Children imitate adult behavior.
Children imitate adults they love and respect.
Children imitate adults, so avoid taking medications in their presence.
Children imitate adults.
Children imitate grownups and friends.
Children imitate naturally, without being encouraged, exhorted or taught.
Children imitate the adults in their lives.
Children imitate the behavior of their parents.
Children imitate the behaviors and attitudes of their parents.
Children imitate the language they hear and read and use it as part of their own.
Children imitate the way adults cope with emergencies.
Children imitate their parents and older peers and model their behavior.
Children imitate their parents' behavior.
Children imitate their parents, for better or for worse.
Children imitate their parents.
Children imitate what they see adults do.
Children imitate what they see others do and what they hear others say.
Children imitate what they see their parents do.
Children imitate what they see their parents doing.
Children imitate what they see, be it at home, in school, or on television.
Children imitate what they see.
Children imitating cormorants are even more wonderful than cormorants.
Children immediately grasp the technique of weaving with the simple, sturdy loom.
Children immerse themselves in their own artificial worlds of miniatures.
Children impatiently wait for the last day of school.
Children impede the progress of scientific investigation too .
Children improve comprehension by learning to understand and how to express their understanding.
Children improve computer skills along with an alphabet and mathematics learning experience.
Children improve their handwriting skills by penning their own family stories, for example.
Children improve their reading ability by reading a lot .
Children improve their reading ability by reading a lot.
Children improve their understanding of the retail food distribution system.
Children improvise and practice as a team.
Children improvise at games.
Children incarnate hope, expectation, the potential of the human community.
Children increase metabolism.
Children increase the credit amount.
Children increase their knowledge when they share it.
Children increase their understanding and knowledge about the heart through several activities.
Children indicate short or long sounds with their hands together or far apart.
Children indicate the correct answer by clicking on the appropriately numbered shirt.
Children indicates the name and birthday of all children.
Children inevitably get up to mischief.
Children ingest lead through a number of natural childhood behaviors.
Children inherit about half their DNA from their mother and half from their father.
Children inherit allergic tendencies from their parents.
Children inherit and su's are children.
Children inherit characteristics from their parents, etc.
Children inherit characteristics from their parents.
Children inherit civilizations.
Children inherit conditions.
Children inherit DNA from their parents.
Children inherit from their parents.
Children inherit genes for the disease from their parents.
Children inherit genes from both parents.
Children inherit genetic or hereditary information by obtaining genes from each parent.
Children inherit one member of each equivalent pair of chromosomes from each parent.
Children inherit one set of chromosomes from their mother and another from their father.
Children inherit qualities from their mothers and fathers in their genes.
Children inherit sickle-cell anemia from both parents.
Children inherit the clan of the mother.
Children inherit the genes for hemogloban from their parents.
Children inherit the genes for hemoglobin from their parents.
Children inherit the legacy of hate.
Children initially become listless, drowsy, and irritable.
Children initially omit the infinitive to .
Children insert all types of objects, particularly beads, erasers, and beans, into their ear canals.
Children inspect the water wheel.
Children instantly surround the car.
Children instinctively appreciate the quality of a superior instrument.
Children instinctively choose sweet foods, like fruit.
Children instinctively feel the loss of an interrupted attachment process.
Children instinctively have a good sense of how involved they wish to be.
Children instinctively know that something is wrong in the family unit.
Children instinctively know the truth about love.
Children instinctively pick up the unspoken and true messages of the quality of the relationship.
Children instinctively recognize the value of knowing just for the sake of knowing.
Children instinctively respond to music.
Children interact both socially and physically within their environment.
Children interact comfortably with other children and caregivers.
Children interact directly with the coaches and with other players.
Children interact in a fun learning experience with live actors and puppets.
Children interact with adults and children and can make friends.
Children interact with each other to role play.
Children interact with each other very differently than adults interact with each other.
Children interact with one another more frequently while working at computers.
Children interact with stories and can print out pages and form new stories as they wish.
Children interact with their environment on a daily basis.
Children internalize boundaries from external relationships and discipline.
Children interpret clues to discern job.
Children interpret experiences in terms of themselves.
Children interpret in their own manner.
Children interpret lack of contact as lack of love.
Children interpret the movement to a musical background.
Children interview people on the importance of healthy food and graph their results.
Children intrepidly play miniature golf on a course chiseled out of ice.
Children intrinsically crave discipline, structure, and routine.
Children intuitively sense that there is a hardness to life.
Children invariably desire to become grown-up adults.
Children invent a story about one of the pictures or a series of pictures.
Children investigate a variety of rocks, sand, and soil.
Children investigate and develop an understanding of their world through play.
Children investigate animal fibres used to make clothes and fabrics.
Children investigate electricity and circuits.
Children investigate how plants adapt to their environments.
Children investigate nests of several different species.
Children investigate structures and the affects of forces, motion, and equilibrium.
Children investigate structures and their strength.
Children investigate substances that are dissolved and returned to their original form.
Children investigate sunlight as a heat source.
Children investigate synthetic rocks and learn techniques for identifying characteristics.
Children investigate the major fruit and vegetable growing regions around the world.
Children investigate the phenomena of magnetism, electricity, and electromagnetism.
Children involve in sports.
Children involved in an emergency medical situation deeply touch the hearts of all.
Children involved in complex adoptions often have very early traumatic histories.
Children involved in meal preparation are more enthusiastic about eating and trying new foods.
Children involved often gain confidence and earn a sense of accomplishment through the program.
Children Involving family members in appropriate aspects of financial planning can be beneficial.
Children is a very worthwhile organization helping children and their familes.
Children is all.
Children is basic training in child passenger safety enforcement for patrol officers.
Children is nonspecific.
Children isolate and classify beginning, middle and ending sounds in spoken words.
Children join adults for the first part of our worship services which include a children's message.
Children Join an exciting team of volunteers helping to make faith a reality for our children.
Children join armed conflicts for different reasons.
Children join families.
Children join gangs at a young age.
Children join gangs for a variety of reasons.
Children join gangs for many reasons.
Children join in Easter egg hunts and chocolate manufacturers have a field day.
Children join in theft, vandalism.
Children join our lives.
Children join the congregation for Holy Eucharist.
Children join their parents in church for communion twice a month.
Children join their parents in the big church at announcement time.
Children jostle with elder folk to peddle their wares - everything from antiques to jewellery.
Children judge a food by how it looks.
Children judge their parents harshly.
Children judge themselves on the acceptance they receive.
Children jump off equipment such as the mountain climb into the ball pool.
Children jump over the puddles or brook.
Children jump ten times when the clock strikes twelve to 'grow taller'.
Children jump with delight.
Children just call it play, the space where flowers unfold.
Children just didn t hang around there.
Children just do it better.
Children just don t fit into a to-do list very well.
Children just eat.
Children just have that kind of faith.
Children just have to be prepared.
Children just light up the world in a rush to play outdoors.
Children just love looking at their finished pieces again and again.
Children just love the delicious taste and heart shape.
Children just love to celebrate their special day.
Children just make assumptions about love.
Children just respond as best they can.
Children just sit down and see how it goes.
Children keen to go look for the menhirs.
Children keep a list of the books they've read, then celebrate at a party.
Children keep a lot inside but are always looking for ways to get their feelings out.
Children keep a math journal.
Children keep cats.
Children keep changing the names to keep adults in the dark.
Children keep growing, learning, graduating, moving on.
Children keep hands, feet, and objects to themselves at all times.
Children keep it alive.
Children keep journals to record their insights and reflect about what they have learned.
Children keep score during store-bought games such as Sorry and dominoes.
Children keep track of the time they read each day in a log that is provided.
Children keep turtles.
Children keep up in the classroom because of our individual attention and homework help.
Children kidnap an old lady.
Children kill an animal before a dominant adult can do so.
Children kill because their spirits have been killed.
Children kill children and innocents are downed by random gunfire from warring drug gangs.
Children kill other children.
Children kill parents.
Children kill pets to rehearse their own suicide.
Children kites which are guided electronically.
Children kneel to their elders while other family members wish each other good luck.
Children know a fake smile because it fails to match the eyes.
Children know a lot about astronauts.
Children know about living each moment to the fullest.
Children know all too well what the world is like.
Children know and practice two ways to get out of every room in the house in case of a fire.
Children know behavior.
Children know best how much to eat - they'll eat when they are hungry and stop when they are full.
Children know best what they can see and touch and experience right now.
Children know biological fathers.
Children know fathers.
Children know how easy it is draw pictures of rainbows and beaches.
Children know how to believe.
Children know how to cope with what they see or hear.
Children know how to enjoy the simplest of gifts.
Children know how to entertain themselves.
Children know how to laugh and play.
Children know how to learn.
Children know how to receive gifts.
Children know how to recover from past stressful experiences.
Children know instantly when an adult is lying.
Children know it all too well.
Children know it and so do nomads.
Children know it is wrong to steal, vandalize or murder from a young age.
Children know it works too, but, it is unlikely that they have ever considered why.
Children know it, too, and they know it instinctively.
Children know it.
Children know it's risky and can be very harmful to relationships.
Children know little about time.
Children know love, it's their first language.
Children know many math concepts through early play.
Children know no limits.
Children know no prejudice or hate.
Children know nothing about the world except what they learn about it from others.
Children know nothing but goodness.
Children know nothing of the Bible.
Children know parents.
Children know people.
Children know proper behavior.
Children know right from wrong.
Children know something is wrong.
Children know sound.
Children know stories.
Children know that an important event is happening that they are inexplicably forbidden to attend.
Children know that and feel that instinctively.
Children know that being with their grandparents is special.
Children know that intuitively.
Children know that nothing is more important than love.
Children know that something is wrong.
Children know that the rules in a family are always anchored in a social context.
Children know that their teachers and their peers value their participation.
Children know that there, life is full of joy and no children are hurt.
Children know that they are lying and performing for their parents.
Children know that truth is there even no one knows about it.
Children know the behavioral expectations and understand the consequences of their actions.
Children know the outside meeting place in case of fire.
Children know the world is a far more dangerous place than adults can possibly believe.
Children know their hunger signals best.
Children know their mother's faces well.
Children know their prayers if they say their prayers.
Children know their roles in a Dinka family.
Children know themselves to be the single most powerless unit in today's world.
Children know they are looked upon as troublesome and annoying.
Children know they are loved when their parents forsake their own pleasures for their offspring.
Children know they ought to occasionally leave the computer and exercise.
Children know they're loved when parents take an active and sustained role in their life.
Children know things that they have never been taught and have never heard.
Children know to call if they are late for dinner.
Children know what is taking place in the mother's womb.
Children know what their test scores are.
Children know what to expect and eventually see how well two homes without fighting works.
Children know what to expect.
Children know when parents are trying to buy their love.
Children know when something is seriously wrong.
Children know when something is wrong, and nothing is more stressful than uncertainty.
Children know when their affections are being bought.
Children know when their parents are living separate lives and no longer sleep in the same bedroom.
Children know when they are being asked a serious question or being given a choice.
Children know when they are being sold short.
Children know when they are ready to wean.
Children know when they are the priority.
Children know when they have earned the praise they receive.
Children know when to look up imagining a picture of heaven drawn by angels.
Children label the body parts.
Children label the name of the tree from which the leaf comes on each page.
Children lack a sense of awareness of their surroundings requiring close supervision.
Children lack a sense of vulnerability.
Children lack an accurate understanding of cause and effect.
Children lack learning materials, such as writing books, pens, pencils, reading materials etc.
Children lack many rights.
Children lack respect for themselves and their teachers.
Children lack the courage to behave in positive, constructive ways.
Children lack the judgement and experience to distinguish between a safe dog and a dangerous dog.
Children lack the skills to express their needs and wants.
Children languish in foster care because of the lack of reasonable efforts.
Children laugh and run, tossing a football or playing tag in the balmy summer breeze.
Children laugh and splash in the surf, while young couples try their luck sailing catamarans.
Children laugh as they play among the rocks.
Children laugh as they play outside catching fireflies.
Children laugh cheerfully.
Children laugh when people are hurt, and violence seems to have no real negative consequences.
Children laugh with delight while taking turns on the pony rides.
Children laugh, giggle, sneeze, cry, and fuss long before they understand how to make other sounds.
Children laugh, grown men dance, women weep.
Children laugh, prod and push each other on their way home after a day in classes.
Children laugh, talk loudly and jump around when they are excited.
Children laughing, people singing, everything is so wonderful and new.
Children laughing, running, at play, In a carefree world they live in today.
Children leam more when parents and families are involved in their education.
Children lean about coiling, and other hand building techniques.
Children lean about coiling, hand building and an attempt at the pottery wheel.
Children learn a false sense of control over adults that increases their manipulative behavior.
Children learn a great deal about social relationships through their play.
Children learn a great deal from each other as well as from the teacher.
Children learn a great deal from each other.
Children learn a great deal from our daily play activities.
Children learn a great deal from their classmates.
Children learn a great deal from their parents.
Children learn a great many things in the book centre.
Children learn a language through encouragement, exposure and repetition.
Children learn a lesson about heroes.
Children learn a lot about dealing with stress by watching the adults in their lives.
Children learn a lot about life from what they learn in school.
Children learn a lot about literacy in pre-school.
Children learn a lot about strategy when they play.
Children learn a lot by imitation.
Children learn a lot through example.
Children learn a lot when they listen and talk at mealtime.
Children learn a respect for the earth and a belief in each person s responsibility to it.
Children learn a second language very much as they learn the first.
Children learn a task by seeing how it is done.
Children learn a variety of techniques and methods as well as the joy of musical expression.
Children learn about a different animal each week through stories, crafts and activities.
Children learn about agriculture through English, math, science, history and other subjects.
Children learn about all phases of safety education through fun, interactive stations.
Children learn about anatomy by exploring the attractions in an interactive amusement park.
Children learn about and become more empathetic to the needs of others.
Children learn about animals.
Children learn about artists, inventors, and heroes.
Children learn about artists.
Children learn about balance, geometry, and shapes when they stack blocks.
Children learn about being a member of a group and a part of a community of learners.
Children learn about biology, botany, ecology, and real science.
Children learn about bugs as they attempt to solve the mystery of the missing bug collection.
Children learn about camouflage, fur patterns, and adaptations.
Children learn about caring.
Children learn about caterpillars.
Children learn about chickens.
Children learn about cockroaches in a multimedia format.
Children learn about color and art appreciation by looking at works of art.
Children learn about concepts.
Children learn about coral reefs and the colorful fish that live there.
Children learn about cultural differences by studying customs and celebrations in other countries.
Children learn about culture through language, art, music, and games.
Children learn about different fish shapes, sizes and interesting behaviors.
Children learn about different types of foods from various places and countries.
Children learn about dinosaurs.
Children learn about ecosystems disturbed by modern development.
Children learn about expressing the emotion of anger by watching their parents and caregivers.
Children learn about feelings while coloring creatively.
Children learn about fire from others.
Children learn about fish.
Children learn about flying and watch planes in action.
Children learn about foods by tasting, touching, smelling and by other sensory experiences.
Children learn about forgiveness from watching how their parents deal with wrongs they experience.
Children learn about gardening and composting.
Children learn about geometry, shapes, and balance when they stack up blocks.
Children learn about goodness.
Children learn about great hereos from the past that served as excellent role models.
Children learn about hamsters.
Children learn about having integrity, trustworthiness, and being truthful.
Children learn about history, culture, problem-solving, organization and cooperation.
Children learn about individualty, friendship, and other moral lessons in six interactive fables.
Children learn about it in school, and it's discussed in textbooks.
Children learn about jazz and classical music while using their eyes and their ears.
Children learn about ladybug body structure and symmetry, life cycle, defensive behavior, and foods.
Children learn about letters and simple words by matching words to pictures.
Children learn about letters, sounds, science and social studies concepts and numbers.
Children learn about math- ematical reasoning by talking about their solutions.
Children learn about math while having a good time with peers and cross-age buddies.
Children learn about measurement in a meaningful context.
Children learn about money naturally.
Children learn about money.
Children learn about moral principles through poetry and proverbs.
Children learn about nature by enjoying the multisensory activities.
Children learn about nature through games, crafts, and seasonal nature study activities.
Children learn about numbers.
Children learn about nutrition and the contents of the foods they eat.
Children learn about other cultures and create crafts from around the world.
Children learn about other cultures around the world.
Children learn about our earth and surrounding space.
Children learn about our region s diverse cultures and traditions through the arts workshops.
Children learn about oxygen and carbon dioxide and their effects on plants, animals, and humans.
Children learn about patriotism.
Children learn about people here and in other parts of the world.
Children learn about plankton aboard a whale watch.
Children learn about plant life through a study of apples and pumpkins.
Children learn about properties.
Children learn about relationships from watching how their parents relate to each other.
Children learn about reptiles.
Children learn about rhyming words through songs and chants.
Children learn about right from wrong from their earliest experiences.
Children learn about safety and then take quizzes and play games to test their understanding.
Children learn about safety at home and school, including playground and fire safety.
Children learn about scientific concepts.
Children learn about self, family, and community.
Children learn about sexuality beginning at birth and continue to learn throughout their lives.
Children learn about shapes, colors and sizes through play.
Children learn about shapes, colors, sizes and other concepts through play.
Children learn about sharing.
Children learn about sheep.
Children learn about simple graphs.
Children learn about size, shapes, measurements, distance, and other building skills.
Children learn about snakes.
Children learn about stories through picture books.
Children learn about substances which harm the body, like alcohol and nicotine.
Children learn about tension.
Children learn about text structure and concepts of written language by listening to stories.
Children learn about the alphabet, counting, grouping, shapes, opposites, and colors.
Children learn about the big questions of life through the details they struggle with.
Children learn about the carbon, nitrogen, and water cycles.
Children learn about the changes in motion which occur when forces act on an object.
Children learn about the church year with appropriate songs.
Children learn about the court process, the people and the procedures.
Children learn about the creatures in the ecosystem.
Children learn about the different cultures through storytelling.
Children learn about the different sounds in words through experiences with spoken language.
Children learn about the economy and improve their literacy.
Children learn about the food cycle and are involved in planning their diet.
Children learn about the hard work of ants and their special functions in the insect world.
Children learn about the issues in school and want to act at home.
Children learn about the layout and style of newspaper reports, fact vs. opinion and use of bias.
Children learn about the letters of the alphabet and become familiar with words.
Children learn about the many reasons why people work from observations of their parents.
Children learn about the physical world.
Children learn about the role Poland placed in the Holocaust.
Children learn about the significance of body type in judging self-worth and worth of others.
Children learn about the use of gateway drugs.
Children learn about the value of having good friendships.
Children learn about the wilderness and the importance of weather, about the sea and self-reliance.
Children learn about the work of the parents from the child's perspective.
Children learn about the world and experience life through play.
Children learn about the world by listening to the music of their parents' voices.
Children learn about the world in an integrated way .
Children learn about the world through play.
Children learn about the world through their senses.
Children learn about their environment and loads of important facts about biology.
Children learn about their unique place in their family and their church family.
Children learn about their world by exploring.
Children learn about themselves and their natural environment.
Children learn about themselves from many sources.
Children learn about themselves through how they are treated by others.
Children learn about themselves, others, and the world through play .
Children learn about time and timers.
Children learn about upper and lowercase letters and sounds.
Children learn about worship through singing, Bible storytelling, sharing and praying.
Children learn about writing by interacting with professional writers.
Children learn academic subjects, however, by self-study.
Children learn active citizenship in Bangladesh Click here to view the primary school case study.
Children learn advance concepts.
Children learn advance scientific concepts.
Children learn all about taking care of horses, including feeding, sanitation, and health care.
Children learn all about the Polynesian culture.
Children learn all day long, in and out of school.
Children learn all of the English prepositions so they can recognize prepositional phrases.
Children learn all the time, inside and outside a school's buildings.
Children learn almost everything in a social context, in a web of relationships with others.
Children learn almost instantly.
Children learn an incredible amount because they are open and unbiased.
Children learn and advance most during practices.
Children learn and are transformed.
Children learn and begin reading at different times.
Children learn and climb with their peers.
Children learn and develop a sense of self-esteem and independence, as well as respect for others.
Children learn and develop at many different rates.
Children learn and develop best in a secure, loving environment.
Children learn and develop better if they are actively involved.
Children learn and develop in their own way.
Children learn and gain self-confidence by acting out different problem situations.
Children learn and grow in competence with other people- mother, father, siblings, friends.
Children learn and grow when they play.
Children learn and grow while making friends with other children of the same age.
Children learn and practice bus safety activities.
Children learn and practice how to please other people by simply giving their affection and love.
Children learn and practice the principles of a respectful community.
Children learn and practise the key skills of athletics through games and activities.
Children learn and process their world through play.
Children learn and review grammar as they search for the errors in the exciting stories.
Children learn and understand equal sharing before they are formally introduced to fractions.
Children learn any kind of respect by seeing it lived out daily.
Children learn appropriate behavior easier when learning conditions remain constant.
Children learn appropriate work habits and become independent and responsible students.
Children learn as they do.
Children learn as they grow.
Children learn at a very early age that they owe everything to their parents and their ancestors.
Children learn at a very early age to appreciate and take full advantage of their surroundings.
Children learn at age appropriate to suit each child.
Children learn at an early age to stay away from things that are hot.
Children learn at astonishing rates of speed.
Children learn at different paces and have different interests.
Children learn at different paces, too.
Children learn at different rates and have differing abilities and needs.
Children learn at different rates and in a variety of ways.
Children learn at different rates and in different ways.
Children learn at different rates, using different strengths and different learning styles .
Children learn at different rates.
Children learn at different speeds and there's tons of kids in school who fall behind too.
Children learn at their own pace.
Children learn at their own rate, with no fear of retention.
Children learn at their own speed different things.
Children learn at varying paces with spurts, jumps and lulls at different points.
Children learn at varying rates.
Children learn attitudes from parents.
Children learn attitudes from their parents.
Children learn autistic behaviors.
Children learn bad habits from their parents.
Children learn basic language by being around it, by being in a society where everyone speaks it.
Children learn basic model building or experimenting with solar energy.
Children learn basic morals of human life and are involved in serving others.
Children learn basic music theory and vocal techniques.
Children learn basic numeracy skills and vocabulary through an interactive activity.
Children learn basic skills and social interaction.
Children learn basic storytelling and build props, costumes and sets to shoot their own video.
Children learn basic tumbling in a safe, supervised environment.
Children learn basic Western Pleasure Riding.
Children learn because they are enjoying themselves.
Children learn because they love learning.
Children learn behavior.
Children learn behaviors and attitudes both by emulation and direct instruction.
Children learn behaviors, social abilities, and ways to handle emotions through their relationships.
Children learn best and are happiest when they feel secure.
Children learn best and at a more rapid pace when the teacher can address the needs of that group.
Children learn best and co- operate more when they enjoy and are excited by what they are doing.
Children learn best and enjoy play more when they decide how they want to play and at what pace.
Children learn best as a community of learners in a noncompetitive environment.
Children learn best at their own pace through active, hands-on interactions.
Children learn best by copying what they see others do.
Children learn best by doing and experiencing.
Children learn best by doing and reading, as well as seeing and hearing.
Children learn best by doing so make sure they participate.
Children learn best by doing, and they do best by playing.
Children learn best by doing.
Children learn best by example.
Children learn best by experience.
Children learn best by handling materials and practicing the process of creating.
Children learn best by observation and repetition.
Children learn best by talking and doing in a social context.
Children learn best by watching others.
Children learn best by working as a team.
Children learn best from active involvement with their learning.
Children learn best from logical, success-oriented, sequential instruction.
Children learn best from people who have experienced the history they are teaching.
Children learn best from their own mistakes.
Children learn best from what they see and experience.
Children learn best from what they see others of significance doing.
Children learn best if they are active while they are learning.
Children learn best if they have the opportunity to know something in a variety of ways.
Children learn best in a Developmentally Appropriate Environment.
Children learn best in a safe, nurturing, cooperative and orderly environment.
Children learn best in a safe, nurturing, secure environment.
Children learn best in a warm, loving environment.
Children learn best in an educational partnership of home, school and community.
Children learn best in an environment that is conducive to learning.
Children learn best in an environment where they feel loved and respected for their individuality.
Children learn best in an environment which is supportive and encouraging.
Children learn best in naturalistic settings.
Children learn best in open-ended activities they can initiate and direct.
Children learn best in pleasant physical and social environments.
Children learn best in safe, disciplined schools.
Children learn best that way, too.
Children learn best through active engagement with their environment.
Children learn best through experiences and activities.
Children learn best through hands on active participation and first hand experiences.
Children learn best through 'hands-on' activity.
Children learn best through hands-on experiences that relate to their lives.
Children learn best through meaningful play.
Children learn best through parental modeling.
Children learn best through participatory experiences in reading, writing, listening, and speaking.
Children learn best through play and interaction.
Children learn best through play, discovery and hands on experiences.
Children learn best through play.
Children learn best through repeating their own words.
Children learn best to walk when barefoot.
Children learn best when classes are small and students receive individual attention.
Children learn best when each step is identified and given a name.
Children learn best when education is a cooperative effort between parents, school, and community.
Children learn best when involved in hands-on, real life experiences.
Children learn best when learning is active.
Children learn best when learning is kept meaningful, interesting, and functional.
Children learn best when parents are interested and involved in their education.
Children learn best when parents are involved in their educational program.
Children learn best when presented with challenges that are neither too easy nor too difficult.
Children learn best when shown how to do the job at the work site.
Children learn best when teachers provide activities that are at just the right stage for the child.
Children learn best when the atmosphere is calm and relaxed.
Children learn best when the opportunity to direct their own activity is a large part of their day.
Children learn best when the process is stimulating and relevant.
Children learn best when the school and home work together.
Children learn best when their basic needs are met.
Children learn best when there is an invested partnership between the home and school.
Children learn best when there is repetition.
Children learn best when they actively participate in what they are learning.
Children learn best when they are actively doing things that connect to something they already know.
Children learn best when they are actively engaged in their museum experience.
Children learn best when they are actively involved in their own learning.
Children learn best when they are enjoying themselves.
Children learn best when they are healthy, secure and happy.
Children learn best when they are in a safe, friendly, warm and comfortable environment.
Children learn best when they are in group settings learning with and from one another.
Children learn best when they are interested and even excited about what they are doing.
Children learn best when they are ready and when learning is made fun.
Children learn best when they are responsible for their own learning.
Children learn best when they are touching, experiencing, and doing.
Children learn best when they can control and act upon their environment.
Children learn best when they can look at, manipulate, and touch while exploring their surroundings.
Children learn best when they discover answers for questions and problems themselves.
Children learn best when they feel comfortable in the school environment.
Children learn best when they feel safe and are nurtured and valued.
Children learn best when they feel secure about themselves and their environment.
Children learn best when they find answers for themselves and in their own way.
Children learn best when they have real purposes and make connections to real life.
Children learn best when they learn for themselves.
Children learn best when they make their own choices.
Children learn best when they take ownership of learning.
Children learn best when they too see geometry as a means to an end.
Children learn best when they use more of their senses.
Children learn best when they're actively participating in the learning process.
Children learn best when they're drawn to the subject matter.
Children learn best with other children, under the guidance of a qualified ski professional.
Children learn better in a comfortable, climate-controlled environment.
Children learn better in schools that are free from conflict and violence.
Children learn better when actively engaged.
Children learn better when there is consistency and a positive environment.
Children learn better when they are healthy and well-rested.
Children learn better when they can have fun while doing so.
Children learn better when they do things on their own.
Children learn better when they feel secure and connected.
Children learn better when they see a purpose to their studies.
Children learn better with arts as part of the curriculum.
Children learn bible stories and actively participate in songs, crafts, and prayer.
Children learn Bible stories using art, drama, as well as other media.
Children learn Bible truth through Bible stories and focused play activities.
Children learn Bible truth through Bible stories, crafts and games.
Children learn body awareness and listening skills.
Children learn both color and shape discrimination.
Children learn both in and outside of school.
Children learn both social and cognitive skills from imitating others.
Children learn by actively manipulating their environments.
Children learn by applying musical, mathematical, language, athletic or artistic abilities.
Children learn by apprenticeship.
Children learn by asking questions.
Children learn by being exposed to spoken language and using visual cues found on the printed page.
Children learn by being given the best information available.
Children learn by being risk takers and assume responsibility for their learning.
Children learn by building on essential skills and concepts from a relevant curriculum.
Children learn by copying what they see others do.
Children learn by creating schemata in order to understand their world.
Children learn by different teaching methods, and they learn at different paces.
Children learn by doing activities.
Children learn by doing and by manipulating concrete objects.
Children learn by doing and by trial and error.
Children learn by doing and our philosophy supports each child in their own developmental process.
Children learn by doing and seeing.
Children learn by doing and watching others.
Children learn by doing what others do.
Children learn by doing, and play is their work.
Children learn by doing, and that's exactly what the Exchange City field trip provides.
Children learn by doing, rather than by passively absorbing the experiences of others.
Children learn by doing, reflecting, and applying content that is relevant and useful.
Children learn by doing, so don t expect to approve of everything they do.
Children learn by doing.
Children learn by emulation.
Children learn by example - that is a fact.
Children learn by example and by doing.
Children learn by example and from watching others.
Children learn by example and seeing their parents reading is the best example possible.
Children learn by example and they are sensitive to the emotions of others.
Children learn by example as well as teaching.
Children learn by example even more than they learn from reading and study.
Children learn by example in their homes, their schools and their community.
Children learn by example, and adults who attend worship with their children set the prime example.
Children learn by example, as well as teaching.
Children learn by example, parent participating teaches children the value of community involvement.
Children learn by example.
Children learn by examples they see.
Children learn by exploring materials and events through the use of all their senses.
Children learn by exploring their environment .
Children learn by exploring their world.
Children learn by exploring, doing and practicing.
Children learn by focusing on their abilities rather than disabilities.
Children learn by hands on and doing.
Children learn by having fun and who better to have fun with but a clown.
Children Learn by imitating adults.
Children learn by imitating the speech and language of others.
Children learn by imitating their parents.
Children learn by imitating, so our own behavior can be a great teaching tool.
Children learn by imitating.
Children learn by imitation.
Children learn by interacting with the environment Basic unit of intelligence is the schema.
Children learn by investigating their world.
Children learn by listening and talking with adults and peers about daily life events.
Children learn by mimicking words or phrases.
Children learn by mimicking.
Children learn by modeling themselves after what they see and hear.
Children learn by modeling-by what they see their parents do versus what they say.
Children learn by observation, recording, drawing and handling authentic artefacts.
Children learn by observation.
Children learn by observing and by understanding the rationale in a situation.
Children learn by observing and imitating other people.
Children learn by observing and imitating the behavior of others.
Children learn by observing and imitating.
Children learn by observing others.
Children learn by our words as well as our actions.
Children learn by participating in work and home life activities typical of the nineteenth century.
Children learn by playing and doing and role modeling.
Children learn by playing, often unaware of the education they're receiving.
Children learn by playing.
Children learn by repetition, through consistency, and from example.
Children learn by seeing people doing things.
Children learn by seeing, by imitating.
Children learn by seeing, touching and doing.
Children learn by seeing.
Children learn by teacher direction, teacher guidance and through individual self-exploration.
Children learn by testing their abilities.
Children learn by the example adults set.
Children learn by the example their parents set.
Children learn by the reaction of others.
Children learn by their mistakes as well as successes.
Children learn by trial and error.
Children learn by trying.
Children learn by using all of their senses.
Children learn by using their senses.
Children learn by watching adults and their parents in particular.
Children learn by watching adults.
Children learn by watching and hearing.
Children learn by watching and mimicking adult actions.
Children learn by watching each other and seeing how to look, talk and act.
Children learn by watching their parents.
Children learn by watching, trying, failing and trying again.
Children learn by watching.
Children learn by what they see and hear from adults and others in their lives.
Children learn by what they see modeled before their eyes.
Children learn by what they see their parents doing and saying.
Children learn by what they see.
Children learn by words and by example.
Children learn cause and effect through play, and problem-solving is a part of everyday life.
Children learn choreographed dance routines to popular hits.
Children learn Christian behaviors and biblical values as modeled by their adult leaders.
Children learn colors by playing a variation of musical chairs.
Children learn compassion and how to see for another's point of view.
Children learn comprehension strategies Children build reading fluency.
Children learn concepts and speech patterns most easily when they are combined with music.
Children learn concepts of reference books.
Children learn concepts such as big and little, fast and slow, and stretch and bend.
Children learn concepts though natural progression.
Children learn concepts when they are developmentally ready to learn.
Children learn concepts with the manipulatives.
Children learn concepts.
Children learn conflict resolution skills from their teachers and older students.
Children learn consequences.
Children learn correct letter and number formation from the teacher s demonstration.
Children learn correct speech sound production by listening to and imitating appropriate models.
Children learn counting, matching and colors.
Children learn creative expression through drawing with assistance from museum instructors.
Children learn creative expression through drawing with lessons from museum instructors.
Children learn critical thinking skills through music ideas.
Children learn culture.
Children learn dance rhythms from birth.
Children learn dances.
Children learn differences.
Children learn different things at different rates.
Children learn different values.
Children learn different ways of acting and relating to others by watching and playing with peers.
Children learn differently at different times.
Children learn differently than adults.
Children learn differently.
Children learn disciplin and their good behavior.
Children learn discipline.
Children learn during a bath play time that water is wet and that soap makes people clean.
Children learn early about the power of the potty.
Children learn early upon whom they are to vent their anger.
Children learn early which of our buttons to press.
Children learn easily.
Children learn elementary breaststroke and sidestroke and continue to swim longer distances.
Children learn entirely through games, music, song and art.
Children learn entrepreneurship through experiences, role-playing, and careful instruction.
Children learn especially by example and by trying things out.
Children learn even without lessons.
Children learn every day from their parents, caregivers, and their social environment.
Children learn everything by imitation.
Children learn everything from play.
Children learn everywhere .
Children learn facts.
Children learn fairness and cooperation and establish a wholesome attitude toward school.
Children learn far more from imitation of what they see and do than from what they hear.
Children learn faster than grownups.
Children learn fire safety and prevention concepts through active involvement.
Children learn first by example, then by explanation.
Children learn first from their parents and families.
Children learn fractions by cutting bread slices and cutting slices into pieces.
Children learn fractions, measurement and cooperation while cooking and baking.
Children learn from a very early age to respond to rhythmical sounds .
Children learn from adult role models and the society they live in.
Children learn from adults about ritualistic cruelty to animals.
Children learn from adults how to take responsibility.
Children learn from adults.
Children learn from and love the animals that are brought into classrooms.
Children learn from concrete experience and direct interaction with the environment.
Children learn from consequences as they make decisions.
Children learn from consistency.
Children learn from copying adults and other children.
Children learn from doing.
Children learn from each other and from the real world.
Children learn from each other, seeing their own strengths and weaknesses in context.
Children learn from each other.
Children learn from every activity they experience.
Children learn from everything that they see and do.
Children learn from example more than from words.
Children learn from example.
Children learn from experiences, just like adults.
Children learn from first hand experiences followed by symbolizing experiences.
Children learn from grandparents.
Children learn from imitation.
Children learn from involvement, participation, experience, and modeling others.
Children learn from make believe.
Children learn from mistakes.
Children learn from moms as well as moms learn from children.
Children learn from one another and all have something to offer to the classroom.
Children learn from one another as they communicate.
Children learn from one another, by observing and doing.
Children learn from others about how and what to eat.
Children learn from parents, peers, teachers, and through their own self-discovery.
Children learn from seeing, hearing, and overhearing.
Children learn from skilled, caring experts in an atmosphere of trust and honesty.
Children learn from society to undervalue the contributions of women, past and present.
Children learn from t.v.
Children learn from the actions of others.
Children learn from the language they hear.
Children learn from the role models what they see and hear.
Children learn from the television about anger.
Children learn from the time they are born, during every moment of the day.
Children learn from the way adults act.
Children learn from the way the school, as a social institution, behaves.
Children learn from their experiences and models.
Children learn from their experiences.
Children learn from their fathers how to socialize their natural aggression and to play fair.
Children learn from their fathers.
Children learn from their first and most influential teacher, their parent.
Children learn from their parents and many parents today have very poor manners.
Children learn from their parents and model their parent s actions.
Children learn from their parents and model their parent's actions.
Children learn from their parents both distress and empathy.
Children learn from their parents' enthusiasm.
Children learn from their parents' habits.
Children learn from their parents how to react to death and what it is.
Children learn from their parents that they are subject to rule and that authority commands respect.
Children learn from their parents, and so smoking is reinforced through the generations.
Children learn from their parents, by their actions, far more than by their words.
Children learn from their parents.
Children learn from their peers and self-correcting materials.
Children learn from their role models, set good examples of fire safe behavior.
Children learn from their storybooks as much as their math books.
Children learn from their teammates and apply the new skills immediately.
Children learn from very young, the skills necessary to be a contributing adult.
Children learn from watching and listening to their brothers, sisters and parents.
Children learn from what their parents do and what their parents say.
Children learn from what they see and they copy it.
Children learn from what they see their parents do.
Children learn from what they see with their own eyes.
Children learn from what they see.
Children learn games.
Children learn general geography and explore ancient civilizations in social studies.
Children learn geometry best through hands-on experiences.
Children learn German and Spanish.
Children learn gestures by imitating their parents' movements.
Children learn gestures from one another, as well as from caregivers.
Children learn good behavior as well as misbehavior.
Children learn good behavior by example, praise, and reasoning.
Children learn good behavior by imitating good behavior and respect by being respected.
Children learn good behavior.
Children learn guidelines for deciding what's the right thing to do.
Children learn habits.
Children learn half-notes.
Children learn hate, frequently as the last lesson of alienation.
Children learn horsemanship, survival skills and the native history of the Green Lake area.
Children learn household tasks through observation and experience.
Children learn how a fish hatchery works and some of the conditions needed to raise trout.
Children learn how and why to save money.
Children learn how beavers influence and alter local habitats.
Children learn how climate and topography influence culture and political geography.
Children learn how dangerous it is to wander off from their parents and talk to strangers.
Children learn how different parts come together to make a new whole.
Children learn how land water forms are created.
Children learn how men view women and vice versa by observing their parents.
Children learn how money works and how to tell wants from needs.
Children learn how plants protect themselves from drought, fire, and insects.
Children learn how spiders spin a web.
Children learn how to add, subtract and problem solve.
Children learn how to appropriately play with others from their parents.
Children learn how to avoid drug use.
Children learn how to be good parents from watching their parents.
Children learn how to beg, borrow, and steal at an early age.
Children learn how to behave better from having natural consequences.
Children learn how to behave by observing their parents.
Children learn how to build a well-made birdhouse that's a perfect home for tree swallows.
Children learn how to compare and give their opinions.
Children learn how to cope with stress only by experiencing it.
Children learn how to create their own original fairy tales.
Children learn how to deal with their emotions through the arts.
Children learn how to disagree with being disagreeable.
Children learn how to do things as they grow up.
Children learn how to effectively tell stories and to write for the ear instead of the eye.
Children learn how to examine, test and explore.
Children learn how to frame questions and how to seek the answers.
Children learn how to garden and how the elements of a good garden are always changing.
Children learn how to get along with others and to learn respect for others.
Children learn how to handle conflicts by watching their parents.
Children learn how to isolate movements in each part of the body through observing and mirroring.
Children learn how to lend a hand to nature and how to protect and improve the environment.
Children learn how to listen and to consider others' ideas.
Children learn how to make a shofar.
Children learn how to make change and keep financial records.
Children learn how to make decisions and work together to solve problems.
Children learn how to manage information.
Children learn how to observe and measure.
Children learn how to play one parent against the other.
Children learn how to prepare nutritious snacks and care for younger siblings.
Children learn how to pronounce many words by imitating a parent and looking at a printed word.
Children learn how to pull strings to get what they want.
Children learn how to pulverize Indian corn.
Children learn how to read and write in much the same way they learn to talk and listen.
Children learn how to read nutritional labels on food items and rock climb.
Children learn how to respond to dance appropriately.
Children learn how to search for books using the computer, as well as how to use the internet.
Children learn how to select books they enjoy and to sustain their reading.
Children learn how to set a table, informal and formal dining techniques and more.
Children learn how to share their faith in the same way.
Children learn how to socialize with each other and establish relationships with teachers.
Children learn how to substitute food for friends when they are lonely.
Children learn how to take an active role in the management of asthma.
Children learn how to take care of pets and write riddles to describe animal homes.
Children learn how to treat other people by the way they are treated.
Children learn how to use hands and fingers in more advanced ways as they play with different toys.
Children learn how to use utensils properly.
Children learn how to wait in line and take turns.
Children learn how to write nursery rhymes, limericks, and more.
Children learn important geometric principles painlessly while playing.
Children learn important lessons and skills during dinner.
Children learn important social skills by interacting with others in well-supervised activities.
Children learn important spiritual values.
Children learn important things from witnessing the death and grieving process.
Children learn improv basics and games.
Children learn in a fun, hands-on environment.
Children learn in a variety of settings with the teacher encouraging and using interactive teaching.
Children learn in a variety of ways.
Children learn in an atmosphere of openness, trust, hospitality, and outreach.
Children learn in different ways and at different paces.
Children learn in different ways and at different rates, but all children can learn.
Children learn in different ways and at different rates.
Children learn in different ways and at different times.
Children learn in different ways and have different learning strengths and interests.
Children learn in different ways at different paces.
Children learn in different ways, and teachers have their own teaching styles.
Children learn in different ways, and they are intelligent in different ways.
Children learn in different ways.
Children learn in little ways.
Children learn in many different ways.
Children learn in many ways, and the arts are among the best to teach all disciplines.
Children learn in many ways.
Children learn in part through constructing their own knowledge.
Children learn in school.
Children learn in several ways.
Children learn in sun-soaked classrooms.
Children learn in the context of important relationships.
Children learn in the playground that to be taunted as gay is to be avoided at all costs.
Children learn in their own style, at their own pace.
Children learn in three different environments-formal, nonformal, and informal.
Children learn independence by passing bowls of food around the table and serving themselves.
Children learn information in a variety of ways.
Children learn it from their parents and their culture.
Children learn it is normal to feel shock, anger, confusion, and pain.
Children learn it very young.
Children learn Japanese brush painting.
Children learn language - games for children in four languages.
Children learn language at a young age from speaking, and from reading simple words in books.
Children learn language at school and at home.
Children learn language best from someone who speaks it well.
Children learn language best when engaging in authentic uses of language.
Children learn language by exposure to language.
Children learn language by hearing it.
Children learn language by interacting with their parents.
Children learn language effortlessly and quickly.
Children learn language from the language they hear.
Children learn language quickly and without formal instruction.
Children learn language through dynamic and purposeful interactions with peers as well as adults.
Children learn language when they are immersed in it.
Children learn languages by repeatedly hearing words and phrases, then trying to imitate the sounds.
Children learn languages more easily partly because they are less inhibited.
Children learn languages readily because they have more open brain circuits than do adults.
Children learn languages slowly.
Children learn languages very quickly and also learn several languages simultaneously.
Children learn leadership by working on advancements appropriate to their age group.
Children learn less.
Children learn letter-sound relationships by sounding out words.
Children learn little from straight teacher talk.
Children learn many important things about themselves, about others, and about how things work.
Children learn many lessons by making choices.
Children learn many motor skills by imitating others.
Children learn many of their values and ideas from their parents.
Children learn many social skills, like cooperation and sharing, from simple playground games.
Children learn many things by watching their parents.
Children learn many things from quilting, cooking, to making butter.
Children learn many things through play.
Children learn many things through repetition.
Children learn many things when they garden and play outdoors.
Children learn many valuable lessons outside the classroom.
Children learn map skills related to the uses of symbols, the legend, and cardinal directions.
Children learn marital skills by observing their parents.
Children learn matching, sorting, sequencing and simple addition and subtraction.
Children learn math concepts directly by using manipulatives.
Children learn math concepts indirectly during purposeful play.
Children learn math, early reading and spelling, and even geography.
Children learn mathematical and scientific concepts from playing at our sand table.
Children learn mathematics in different ways and at different rates.
Children learn mathematics through teacher directed lessons and purposeful play.
Children learn measurement and geometry skills while exploring a beach in Cape Town.
Children learn Mexican folklorico dances through traditional music, songs and play.
Children learn misbehavior.
Children learn morals and values from the two people they respect most in life, their parents.
Children learn more about North American fish life cycles on their visits.
Children learn more about the Bible stories and their intended lessons.
Children learn more and learn more quickly when they enjoy what they are doing.
Children learn more and more, get deeper and deeper into something.
Children learn more automatically.
Children learn more by how parents act than by what they say.
Children learn more by imitating their parents, than merely by being told what is right.
Children learn more by what they see than what they are told.
Children learn more deeply when they represent the same concept in different media.
Children learn more during the first five years of life than at any other time.
Children learn more easily because words are spoken as well as visualized.
Children learn more effectively when the parents are involved.
Children learn more effectively when they understand the boundaries of their environment.
Children learn more effectively with the curriculum is integrated.
Children learn more from our actions than our words.
Children learn more from our examples than from our words.
Children learn more from our life than our words.
Children learn more in the first six years than during any other period in their lives.
Children learn more in the first three years than they do in most of the rest of their lives.
Children learn more than singing skills.
Children learn more through the actions of others than through words.
Children learn more when parents and families are involved in their education .
Children learn more when they are enjoying themselves.
Children learn more when they are having fun, and can associate fun with learning.
Children learn more, get better grades and have more confidence in themselves.
Children learn most about how to behave in social situations by observing adults whom they admire.
Children learn most by observing and then doing.
Children learn most effectively by active involvement in the learning process.
Children learn most from books when they are actively involved.
Children learn most money management concepts by observing parents' behavior.
Children learn most of their money habits by watching their parents.
Children learn much about the world at home and beyond.
Children learn much better when they can pyhsical visualize what they are learning about.
Children learn much in the schoolroom besides the prescribed textbook lessons.
Children learn much of their own behavior by observing how their parents relate to each other.
Children learn much through play and interactions with friends.
Children learn music as a language using their voices as the medium for musical expression.
Children learn music fundamentals and experience leading in worship.
Children learn music in much the same way they learn a language.
Children learn naturally, guide their curiosity.
Children learn naturally.
Children learn needle phobia from adults.
Children learn new Indian words as well as Indian sign language.
Children learn new information by relating it to what they already know.
Children learn new information.
Children learn new knowledge by building on what they already know.
Children learn new skills and self-reliance.
Children learn new skills, and begin to build lifelong friendships.
Children learn new tools for dealing with their feelings.
Children learn new vocabulary and improve their use of rich descriptive language.
Children learn new vocabulary through action.
Children learn numbers and the alphabet in the context of their everyday experiences.
Children learn numbers through fun entertainment.
Children learn nursery rhymes and do a lot of finger play activities while singing.
Children learn of habitat loss and other problems faced by threatened and endangered species.
Children learn of the harmful chemicals found in tobacco.
Children learn of their region at home before entering school.
Children learn on their own.
Children learn one stitch and do it repetitively to finish the project.
Children learn patriotic songs and symbols.
Children learn patterns of spelling and decoding words.
Children learn phonics by writing.
Children learn phonics, reading, spelling, writing, vocabulary, punctuation, and even keyboarding.
Children learn positive ways to deal with anger, stress and temptation for substance abuse.
Children learn prejudices through example, most often from their family.
Children learn prevention methods and safety instructions.
Children learn primarily by example - as do most adults.
Children learn problem-solving skills and to make appropriate choices for themselves.
Children learn proper behavior by watching their elders and are taunted whenever they misbehave.
Children learn proper behavior by watching their elders, and are taunted whenever they misbehave.
Children learn proper techniques in fielding, hitting, base running and throwing.
Children learn quicker by good example.
Children learn quickly if they are eager to learn.
Children learn quickly that every block in their created structures is essential.
Children learn quickly what s a scam and what s the real thing.
Children learn quickly when they are having fun.
Children learn quickly when they experience the results of their choices.
Children learn quickly.
Children learn racist at home.
Children learn reading readiness, social skills and basic elementary education.
Children learn reading, spelling, and handwriting at a much faster pace than usual .
Children learn reading, writing, and problem-solving through play.
Children learn respect by being in a respectful environment.
Children learn respect by being respected.
Children learn responsibility as they grow into contributing more.
Children learn responsibility by participation in age-appropriate decision making.
Children learn responsibility for themselves and for others at a very early age.
Children learn responsibility of caring for livestock and witnessing the cycle of life.
Children learn responsible pet ownership by observing their parents' behavior.
Children learn rules.
Children learn safe practices by watching other people's behavior.
Children learn safety information, first aid procedures, and skills to respond to emergencies.
Children learn science the easy, hands-on way with Science Made Simple.
Children learn science when they can explore their environment.
Children learn scientific concepts.
Children learn scripts for aggression through reinforcement.
Children learn self discipline as they learn respect for themselves, others, and their environment.
Children learn self expression through music and movement.
Children learn self help skills so they can care for themselves and their environment.
Children learn self-confidence and acquire new skills.
Children learn self-control, how to manage and express their emotions and recognize others' cues.
Children learn self-discipline and are empowered in seeking solutions as they resolve their issues.
Children learn self-discipline, credit, loans, and financial responsibility.
Children learn shapes.
Children learn sharing, cooperation, and problem solving sooner at child care centers.
Children learn side by side with their peers using the services and support necessary for success.
Children learn simple facts about bears.
Children learn simple prayers and Bible verses.
Children learn simple rules and procedures for responsible self-care.
Children learn simple ways to conserve water.
Children learn skills for resolving personal conflicts.
Children learn skills in language, social interaction, health and motor skills coordination.
Children learn so fast.
Children learn so much about the world through their play experiences.
Children learn so much by seeing, hearing, smelling and touching animals.
Children learn so much by watching and imitating their parents.
Children learn so much from being with peers.
Children learn so much from each other.
Children learn so much from just playing.
Children learn so much when they are involved with making food.
Children learn social concepts through play.
Children learn social skills as well as academic skills in school.
Children learn social skills by identifying with adults in their lives.
Children learn social skills including respect, good manners and other important skills.
Children learn social skills while playing games and parents share information and experiences.
Children learn some economic concepts, such as wants and needs and resources.
Children learn songs of the church year and present special seasonal music.
Children learn songs, make crafts, and experience other fun activities.
Children learn soon enough how to exploit parental disunity to play off one against the other.
Children learn speech and language from listening to other people talk.
Children learn speech and language in stages as they mature physically and cognitively.
Children learn spelling rules and begin taking regular spelling tests.
Children learn spiritual truth.
Children learn spiritual truths as they are applied to their everyday actions.
Children learn spiritual values.
Children learn stereotypes even before they can think for themselves.
Children learn successful practices by being successful.
Children learn successful reading strategies in the context of real reading.
Children learn such attitudes quickly.
Children learn tally marks quickly because they are connected with an action or event.
Children learn team aspects in a modified game format .
Children learn techniques that build self-esteem and confidence.
Children Learn that all types of people are alike and different in many ways.
Children learn that almost all animals, except dolphins, have two holes in their noses.
Children learn that blind people lead normal and full lives.
Children learn that businesses depend on communication with other businesses to operate.
Children learn that certain Indian tribes depended on the buffalo for all their essential needs.
Children learn that church has some exceptionally kind adults who are eager to serve the youths.
Children learn that companion animals have special needs.
Children learn that computers can display different qualities of colour at different resolutions.
Children learn that confidence means having the courage to try.
Children learn that if they brush everyday they can avoid cavities.
Children learn that if they earn grades of A or B in school, they are worthy.
Children learn that in school that there is a life beyond school.
Children learn that it's good to be open to friendships with people who are different.
Children learn that it's important always to be themselves.
Children learn that it's okay to punish mean parents and take revenge on tyrannical principals.
Children learn that men and women fall in love and get married when they grow up.
Children learn that natural disasters happen all over the world.
Children learn that one person can make a difference.
Children learn that people communicate with symbols.
Children learn that reading can be an enjoyable activity.
Children learn that school is important enough for their parent to be there.
Children learn that sexual activities outside marriage is alright if it is safe.
Children learn that the family is the primary support group for people everywhere.
Children learn that the school resourcesare tools which belong to the community.
Children learn that the way to handle conflict is to be aggressive and physically abusive .
Children learn that their behavior has consequences, rewards and punishments.
Children learn that their futures can be made or broken by a sympathetic or hostile teacher.
Children learn that there can be different approaches to learning the same subject.
Children learn that they are able to make things.
Children learn that they are responsible for their own actions.
Children learn that they can make a difference.
Children learn that they have a uniqueness, too.
Children learn that things work better when they work together.
Children learn that trick early.
Children learn that violence is acceptable behaviour.
Children Learn the activities involved in physical education for elementary school children.
Children learn the adthaan and travel to Pakistan to see one of the world's largest mosques.
Children learn the alphabet through rhythmic alphabet songs and exciting learning games.
Children learn the answer and discover how they can make a difference and help save wildlife.
Children learn the basic fundamentals of singing in a children s chorus.
Children learn the basic steps, how to count simple music, and a short dance routine.
Children learn the basics of rhythm, harmony, and melody in vocal and instrumental forms.
Children learn the best if their nutritional needs are being met.
Children learn the best in the right type of environment.
Children learn the Bible is a special book.
Children learn the Bible through puppets, songs, drama, object lessons and memory verses.
Children learn the concept that money is a reward for working.
Children learn the essence of reading through many direct experiences with language and print.
Children learn the facts faster.
Children learn the fundamentals of throwing, catching, base running and hitting.
Children learn the game readily and can reach high levels of mastery.
Children learn the importance of being truthful and honorable.
Children learn the importance of cooperation, helping, sharing, and following rules.
Children learn the importance of food and the importance of chewing food well.
Children learn the importance of good citizenship as well as achieving good grades in school.
Children learn the importance of having an active life.
Children learn the importance of hygiene, including hand-washing, to prevent the spread of germs.
Children learn the importance of music and praise, as well as skills in working together.
Children learn the importance of saving and with each deposit they are rewarded with a dinosaur toy.
Children learn the importance of talking with someone about problems.
Children learn the important role energy plays in their lives.
Children learn the language of their environment when they perceive it clearly.
Children learn the letters of the alphabet, as well as identification of upper and lower case.
Children learn the meaning of right and wrong from their parents.
Children learn the meaning of words through good literature.
Children learn the most about dealing with life s challenges from their parents.
Children learn the most about mathematics when they solve problems.
Children learn the most from what they see and do the most.
Children learn the names of foods and increase language skills.
Children learn the names of things mostly from their parents and teachers.
Children learn the necessary actions to take to exit a burning building.
Children learn the power of communication before they learn to talk.
Children learn the principles of buying and selling stock by building their portfolio.
Children learn the processes of science throughout every content unit.
Children learn the relationship of pressing a key and seeing the affect on the screen.
Children learn the rules better in the face of consistent limits.
Children learn the rules of the road, hand signals, and other important aspects of bicycling.
Children learn the second language very much as they learn their first language.
Children learn the sounds the letters and blends make before learning the names of the letters.
Children learn the techniques of bowling while having fun with other children.
Children learn the terminology very quickly and easily.
Children learn the tools of geometry and data analysis from kindergarten on.
Children learn the value of money, and appreciate it more.
Children learn the value of recycling.
Children learn the value of regular exercise.
Children learn the values of mutual understanding and overcoming prejudices.
Children learn their attitudes about drinking and driving in the family as well.
Children learn their basic behaviors within boundaries established by pain.
Children learn their behavior from the environment they live in.
Children learn their democracy skills from their parents.
Children learn their first lessons about self-esteem from their parents.
Children learn their name, greetings, numbers, colors, and simple phrases in Spanish.
Children learn their native language with ease at a tender young age.
Children learn their native language with ease at a very young age.
Children learn their values and their manners at mealtime.
Children learn they can construct a small world, knock it down, and recreate it.
Children learn things in a step by step process, repeating each step until it is assimilated.
Children learn through a series of steps.
Children learn through a structured Bible lesson, crafts, and activities.
Children learn through a variety of activities geared to their assessed needs.
Children learn through active engagement with personally meaningful, multi-sensory materials.
Children learn through active hands-on play rather than passive learning.
Children learn through active involvement with people, materials, events, and ideas.
Children learn through colorful posters, puzzle sheets and take-home cards.
Children learn through concrete experiences - so involve the children as much as possible.
Children learn through daily experiences.
Children learn through discovery and play.
Children learn through doing and interacting with materials that tell the faith story.
Children learn through doing, exploring and improvising.
Children learn through example.
Children learn through experience with people, symbols, and things .
Children learn through experiences as individuals and as members of the school community.
Children learn through experimentation, manipulation, observation, and social interaction.
Children learn through games, discussions, stories and role-playing.
Children learn through games, songs, art activities, puppet plays and discussions.
Children learn through gentle direction and persuasive teaching.
Children learn through guided exploration and self discovery.
Children learn through hands on exhibits, workshops, and special educators programs .
Children learn through hands-on exploration.
Children learn through hands-on stations and positioning of plantings.
Children learn through imitation, movement and games.
Children learn through imitation.
Children learn through individual and small group activities.
Children learn through inquiry.
Children learn through interaction with the materials and people in their environment.
Children learn through interaction with their environment.
Children learn through interrelated experiences and by reacting to problem situations.
Children learn through listening, speaking, writing, and reading.
Children learn through listening, viewing, speaking, reading and writing.
Children learn through manipulation and experimentation .
Children learn through many ways of sharing, participating, cooperation, and guidance.
Children learn through movement because it is movement that starts the intellect working.
Children learn through moving, and movement is critical to their development.
Children learn through observation and imitation.
Children learn through observation and repeated practice with manipulative objects .
Children learn through our example.
Children learn through patterns.
Children learn through planned play and creative activities.
Children learn through play .
Children learn through play and exploration.
Children learn through play and in other ways.
Children learn through play and positive experiences.
Children learn through play that they can get along well with others.
Children learn through play, alphabet, numbers, field trips and group activities.
Children learn through play, and they learn by example.
Children learn through play.
Children learn through playful activities, games and songs basic vocabulary and language structure.
Children learn through playing the game.
Children learn through playing, and Tii- sc makes learning fun.
Children learn through playing, exploring and working with others.
Children learn through playing, so encourage a child to play.
Children learn through playing.
Children learn through puppeteering that the sun can be strong even on cloudy days.
Children learn through puppetry, crafts, games, and role playing.
Children learn through repetition, they learn by failing, and then trying again.
Children learn through repetition.
Children learn through self-exploration of developmentally appropriate activities.
Children learn through social interaction with adults and other children.
Children learn through social interaction with other children and adults.
Children learn through talking about books.
Children learn through the construction of knowledge.
Children learn through the help of other children.
Children learn through the repetition of songs.
Children learn through their environment and by example.
Children learn through their own activity.
Children learn through their own discovery and experience.
Children learn through their senses and hands on experiences.
Children learn through their total experience.
Children learn through videos and activities that teach basic Christian values and principles.
Children learn to abuse from adults and from each other.
Children learn to accept individual differences.
Children learn to accommodate each other with practice, sometimes winning, sometimes losing.
Children learn to adapt to a group setting in a non-threatening way.
Children learn to adapt to their anatomical structure and physiological abilities to function.
Children learn to apply their basic phonics skills to decode words.
Children learn to apply their knowledge of doubles to subtraction.
Children learn to appreciate literature and their own creative stories.
Children learn to appreciate the great gift of the sacrament through hands-on activities.
Children learn to appreciate their natural surroundings while having fun with peers.
Children learn to approach books as companions and sources of inspiration.
Children learn to associate number symbols with quantities.
Children learn to associate the sensation of a full bladder with the sound of the alarm.
Children learn to associate their names themselves and identify themselves by name.
Children learn to associate their names with themselves and identify themselves by name.
Children learn to avoid punishment and to fear their parents anger.
Children learn to be caring, loving people if the people they are close to are understanding.
Children learn to be civilized by watching adults behave in civilized ways.
Children learn to be content with what they already have.
Children learn to be courteous and responsible by watching their parents.
Children learn to be good environmental stewards for their neighborhoods and the planet.
Children learn to be leaders and bask in a sense of discovery.
Children learn to be more creative as they participate in art activities.
Children learn to be patient and work for a goal.
Children learn to be patient for plants to grow.
Children learn to be responsible in small steps.
Children learn to be uncomfortable with being alone.
Children learn to be with others their own age.
Children learn to become adults by pretending to do the things adults do.
Children learn to become comfortable with higher numbers by decoding their names.
Children learn to become problem solvers, planners.
Children learn to begin to develop an understanding of measurement.
Children learn to behave by imitating either their parents or their peers in school.
Children learn to behave in an aggressive manner toward others.
Children learn to browse books independently.
Children learn to build their self-esteem in companion groups.
Children learn to care about others when they feel cared for themselves.
Children learn to choose a variety of nutritious foods.
Children learn to compare, estimate, and count when they create and use graphs.
Children learn to control their muscles in the same order no matter how quickly they learn.
Children learn to cooperate and respect the work of others.
Children learn to cooperate, take turns, and share supplies.
Children learn to correctly write numbers and letters and begin phonetic Reading instruction.
Children learn to count from one tub to eight piggins.
Children learn to count number by using cubes.
Children learn to count to one hundred.
Children learn to count, recognize letters, and read simple words.
Children learn to count, sort, measure, match, weigh, and compare ingredients.
Children learn to create and portray characters.
Children learn to dance and move to fun nursery songs and popular children's tunes.
Children learn to deal with each other by seeing how their parents intereact with other adults.
Children learn to delay the gratification that comes from eliminating as soon as they feel the urge.
Children learn to design and build on a human scale within the limits of ferro cement.
Children learn to develop ethical relationships with family, friends, and community.
Children learn to develop language skills that are begun at home.
Children learn to develop self confidence and master a wide range of skills.
Children learn to distrust authority and develop a fear of sudden change.
Children learn to do along with to be and to have as helping verbs.
Children learn to do eassier tasks before more difficult ones.
Children learn to do some things before they can do others.
Children learn to drink from a glass, and to feed themselves by using a fork or a spoon.
Children learn to drive video games by how they think.
Children learn to eat by touching, tasting, feeling, smelling, watching and listening.
Children learn to eat until they are full.
Children learn to engage in the processes readers use before, during, and after reading.
Children learn to enjoy a variety of movement experiences in several activity areas.
Children learn to enjoy books at an early age.
Children learn to enjoy food that they help fix.
Children learn to escape a smoke filled dwelling.
Children learn to exercise math thinking skills.
Children learn to expand cognitive and problem solving skills.
Children learn to explain how and why they care for plants, animals, friends and family.
Children learn to express emotions and feelings.
Children learn to express themselves early in a supportive and judgment-free atmosphere.
Children learn to express themselves more clearly and logically, and also to have fun with language.
Children learn to fear spiders more easily than they learn to fear guns.
Children learn to feel competent as they achieve motor skills and test new limits for themselves.
Children learn to feel good about themselves as they learn to work with others.
Children learn to feel worthless and suffer from low self-esteem.
Children learn to find peace and happiness inside.
Children learn to float without support and to recover to a vertical position.
Children learn to focus on their abilities and to welcome new challenges, on and off the courts.
Children learn to follow directions.
Children learn to follow instructions in a nurturing sports environment.
Children learn to form more than one net of the same shape.
Children learn to function better in school, at home, and in the community.
Children learn to get along with others through play.
Children learn to handle their feelings in acceptable, socially appropriate ways.
Children learn to handle their problems and take responsibility for their own actions.
Children learn to have a voice and have visions for the future.
Children learn to help more with household chores, developing a sense of personal responsibility.
Children learn to identify and communicate their feelings and build self esteem.
Children learn to identify feelings and predict how other people feel.
Children learn to ignore constant threats with no action.
Children learn to ignore deadlines, time lines and appointments.
Children learn to imitate their parents at an early age.
Children learn to imitate what is good or bad, as done by adults.
Children learn to improve their speech and language in a friendly and supportive environment.
Children learn to install operating systems and programs.
Children learn to join in and follow along in the reading of old favorites in enlarged texts.
Children learn to join in as the class rereads favorite books.
Children learn to listen and express themselves.
Children learn to listen to an adult read stories, poems, or information aloud.
Children learn to listen to stories and poems for literary experience.
Children learn to listen to topic books to be informed.
Children learn to listen with patience and respect.
Children learn to listen, repeat, modify, and attach meaning to sounds.
Children learn to live in a diverse, open society.
Children learn to live in harmony when exposed to the arts.
Children learn to live together and be more tolerant.
Children learn to love books and start school better, ready to learn.
Children learn to love books and think of themselves as readers.
Children learn to make appropriate choices as they work in cohesive groups.
Children learn to make appropriate choices.
Children learn to make choices and be responsible members of the group.
Children learn to make choices, to eat with a group, and to taste new foods.
Children learn to make decisions based on good judgment.
Children learn to make digital audiotape recordings.
Children learn to make healthy food choices.
Children learn to make sets of ten objects and match numerals to the sets.
Children learn to make specific non-speech sounds with their voices.
Children learn to make speech sounds gradually and each child learns at a different rate.
Children learn to make, eat, and play with articles of death at an early age.
Children learn to manage anger and deal with conflict in a calm and constructive way.
Children learn to manage money through experience.
Children learn to manipulate hand-held objects in the wind to maximum motion.
Children learn to match shapes, make their own shapes and learn about spatial relationships.
Children learn to match the chunky corresponding halves and place the completed shapes on the board.
Children learn to measure by measuring.
Children learn to mind when parents use limit setting and encouragement.
Children learn to nag because it pays off.
Children learn to navigate using a few simple buttons.
Children learn to negotiate, and their ability to share increases.
Children learn to negotiate, compromise and share with their peers.
Children learn to observe closely and describe in detail.
Children learn to plan and to be responsible for their own education.
Children learn to play the instrument first, then they learn to read music.
Children learn to play the soprano recorder in ensemble.
Children learn to play with language and sounds through rhyme, rhythm, and songs.
Children learn to play without help.
Children learn to pour and measure which are practical everyday exercises.
Children learn to pray as they hear teachers and other respected adults pray.
Children learn to pray from parents who pray.
Children learn to predict outcomes and investigate changes.
Children learn to present and detect poker faces, for example.
Children learn to print upper and lower case letters and numbers using eleven basic lines.
Children learn to put up tents, cook outdoors, canoe, and fish.
Children learn to react in a positive manner to situations regarding safety.
Children Learn to Read .
Children learn to read a language more easily when they can speak it first.
Children learn to read and begin to appreciate literature and poetry.
Children learn to read and to take care of their books at school.
Children learn to read and to write by being read to and by free volunteering reading.
Children learn to read and use the alphabet and learn to speak as well.
Children learn to read and write by practicing the skills of reading and writing.
Children learn to read and write by reading and writing many different kinds of texts.
Children learn to read and write in a manner similar to the way they learn to speak.
Children learn to read and write, get food and warm clothes.
Children learn to read and write.
Children learn to read as they listen and look at books.
Children learn to read at vastly different rates.
Children learn to read being in the presence of books.
Children learn to read better if their home has books, newspapers, and magazines.
Children learn to read by being in the presence of books.
Children learn to read by engaging in real reading experiences.
Children learn to read by reading and by being read to.
Children learn to read by reading.
Children learn to read by sounding out new words bit by bit.
Children learn to read differently and at different paces.
Children learn to read faster and easier if they learn to write at the same time.
Children learn to read faster if they learn to write at the same time.
Children learn to read for enjoyment and understanding.
Children learn to read in a one-room schoolhouse, whose walls are decorated with forest themes.
Children learn to read in different ways.
Children learn to read in many different ways.
Children learn to read in the first two grades and then read to learn after that time.
Children learn to read manuscript, but write only in cursive.
Children learn to read music and sing it.
Children learn to read phonetically with an integrated curriculum that is positive and fun.
Children learn to read pictures before they read words.
Children learn to read through a systematic phonics program.
Children learn to read with small groups of students with similar needs.
Children learn to read, for example, by learning the sounds of the letters before the letter names.
Children learn to reason mathematically by talking about their ideas and solutions.
Children learn to recognize and build from the variety of shapes.
Children learn to recognize names of numbers and learn to print numerals zero to ten.
Children learn to recognize others very quickly.
Children learn to recognize patterns.
Children learn to recognize their anger by gaining an awareness of their body cues.
Children learn to redefine authority through their parents' example.
Children learn to regulate their bodies by creating images.
Children learn to respect and respond to control.
Children learn to respect fire and to always use caution where fire is concerned.
Children learn to respect individual tastes and preferences.
Children learn to respect their elders, their parents, and their teachers.
Children learn to respect themselves, others, as well as their environment.
Children learn to respond in worship in several ways.
Children learn to respond to stress by personal experience and observation.
Children learn to rhyme very quickly and love to make up nonsense rhymes.
Children learn to run almost as soon as they learn to walk.
Children learn to see possibilities and look at common items in a new way.
Children learn to see the world through the eyes of an adult they love.
Children learn to self-soothe and gain a sense of mastery and confidence.
Children learn to set goals, to face challenges, to enjoy successes, and to understand shortcomings.
Children learn to share and work together, their language grows as they talk to each other.
Children learn to share when others model being generous.
Children learn to sing and dance from a young age, and are encouraged to perform publicly.
Children learn to sing and play on a keyboard music of many cultures.
Children learn to sing before they learn to play pianos and violins.
Children learn to sing, play music, dance, put on puppet shows and dramatic productions.
Children learn to sit in the parent's lap to attend and listen to a story.
Children learn to sit, crawl and walk at different ages and in different ways, too.
Children learn to ski and experience the mountain and natural surroundings.
Children learn to slow down and think through options when faced with problems.
Children learn to snorkel right off the beaches.
Children learn to solve problems at home, at school, and in the community.
Children learn to speak a language before they can read a grammar book.
Children learn to speak at different ages.
Children learn to speak by hearing and imitationg what they hear.
Children learn to speak by listening and trying to imitate the sounds.
Children learn to speak by listening to other people speak.
Children learn to speak by listening to the voices of others.
Children learn to speak by receiving feedback on their effort in using a language.
Children learn to speak in their mother tongue by merely listening to their parents and relatives.
Children learn to speak just by listening to others.
Children learn to speak mainly by imitating adults.
Children learn to speak through parody.
Children learn to speak to each other because they want and needto.
Children learn to speak when they hear parents talk.
Children learn to speak without direct help.
Children learn to speak without formal instruction.
Children learn to speak without schooling but require school to learn to write.
Children learn to stereotype people and objects as they grow up.
Children learn to stop caring about others and their feelings when they are manipulated emotionally.
Children learn to strike-out when their sensibilities are offended.
Children learn to swim independently with a flotation device.
Children learn to take care of plants, animals and fish.
Children learn to take control in preparing for and during a disaster.
Children learn to take pride in helping the weaker and smaller and enhance their social skills.
Children learn to take responsibility for their actions.
Children learn to take responsibility for their own actions and to contribute to the group.
Children learn to take the perspective of others through imaginary play.
Children learn to talk by hearing and saying things over and over.
Children learn to talk by imitating sounds and then combining the sounds to form words.
Children learn to talk, walk, feed and dress themselves and master toilet skills.
Children learn to tell stories by using a knife to draw pictures in sand.
Children learn to think about how their actions affect others.
Children learn to think about whether something is right or wrong before making a choice.
Children learn to think by learning to read and write.
Children learn to think by themselves and in turn, make intelligent, well-informed choices.
Children learn to think by undertaking challenging tasks.
Children learn to think for themselves.
Children learn to think of the Temple as an extension of their own homes.
Children learn to treat their parents the way they see the parents treat each other.
Children learn to trust and respect others and themselves by being trusted and respected.
Children learn to tumble, turn, spring and swing.
Children learn to understand language before they begin to speak.
Children learn to understand rhythm, classical music and basic dance technique.
Children learn to use a computer more quickly and easily than most adults for a reason.
Children learn to use hand chimes.
Children learn to use language as they apply it to their routines.
Children learn to use objects to represent mathematics concepts.
Children learn to use the computer and the Internet before their first day of school.
Children learn to use the programs.
Children learn to use the toilet through consistent, positive encouragement by adults.
Children learn to value life by preserving, appreciating and nurturing living and growing things.
Children learn to walk by falling down.
Children learn to walk when they are ready.
Children learn to walk, to talk, to eat, etc., from observing their parents.
Children learn to wonder, discover and experiment on existing reality by playing.
Children learn to work and play together.
Children learn to work cooperatively in groups to increase social responsibility.
Children learn to work for what they want.
Children learn to work together as a community.
Children learn to work together to make appropriate decisions affecting the community.
Children learn to work together while having fun with art.
Children learn to work together, share, and, above all, enjoy their early years.
Children learn to work with others out of the family.
Children learn to work with others towards short term and long term goals.
Children learn to write about mathematical concepts using words as well as numbers to express ideas.
Children learn to write by writing.
Children learn to write in complete sentences, use correct punctuation, and capitalize correctly.
Children learn to write neatly, with speed and confidence.
Children learn together and enhance each other's growth.
Children learn traditionally by observation and imitation from everyone in their households.
Children learn traffic safety by watching and doing.
Children learn truth.
Children learn valuable skills while interacting with other children.
Children learn values and beliefs more by examples adults set than by verbal instructions.
Children learn values and beliefs through their exposure to the larger world.
Children learn values and ideas from their parents.
Children learn values and morals primarily from parents.
Children learn values at home.
Children learn values by watching their parents in their homes.
Children learn values such as civility by watching what their parents, teachers and mentors do.
Children learn values through our explanations of the world.
Children learn values.
Children learn various artistic techniques and are given time to practice their own style.
Children learn various subjects as they move from one center to another.
Children learn very fast.
Children learn very quickly from experience.
Children learn very quickly that it feels good to masturbate.
Children learn very quickly to approach books in a physical, sensory way.
Children learn violence because that's what's going into their young brains.
Children learn violence from their primary nuturer.
Children learn violent behavior and values by imitation, like they learn everything else.
Children learn visual discrimination skills as they hunt for specific objects in each scene.
Children learn ways to work out interpersonal conflicts without fighting.
Children learn well by doing.
Children learn well from each other At all ages, children learn from each other.
Children learn what is important by watching their parents.
Children learn what is important, and they learn from their parents.
Children learn what it is like in other areas of the world and become familiar with maps and globes.
Children learn what it is to be a member of a team.
Children learn what love is from their father's heart.
Children learn what makes each season unique and fun.
Children learn what makes good friendships work.
Children learn what polymers are and why they act as they do.
Children learn what responsibility is and what the attributes of a responsible person are.
Children learn what snails prefer to eat and how they travel around.
Children learn what soap was made from and how it was made.
Children learn what the Bible is, and why it is important today.
Children Learn What The Parents exemplify.
Children learn what they are exposed to, therefore, what they are exposed to is their education.
Children learn what they are taught.
Children Learn What They Live If children live with criticism, they learn to condemn.
Children Learn What They Live If children live with criticism, They learn to condemn.
Children Learn What They Live If children live with critism, They learn to condemn.
Children Learn What They Live is also included in the booklet.
Children learn what they live with.
Children learn what they live.
Children learn what they Live.
Children Learn What They Live.
Children learn what they love.
Children learn what they see.
Children learn what they sing.
Children learn what to expect and find comfort and room to grow within the structure.
Children learn when a parent is willing to listen and explain.
Children learn when families do things together.
Children learn when the problems arise out of their everyday lives.
Children learn when their parents are active participants in their school and education .
Children learn when their teachers are supported and empowered .
Children learn when they are encouraged to recognize their own worth and potential .
Children learn when they feel comfortable talking to their parents.
Children learn when they feel good about themselves .
Children learn where food comes from and gain a connection to the growing process.
Children learn where food comes from, how it is supplied, and how it is processed and prepared.
Children learn whether abilities are fixed or malleable from their observations of the world.
Children learn while exploring outdoor, cultural, spiritual and classroom enrichments.
Children learn while having fun together.
Children learn while they have fun.
Children learn while they play.
Children learn who they are, and who they can be, by observing adults.
Children learn wholes have parts.
Children learn with music, games, visuals and workbooks while learning to spell, read and write.
Children learn with their senses.
Children learn within a playful environment.
Children learn within the context of important relationships.
Children learn word recognition and gain beginning writing skills.
Children learn worship by worshiping with the congregation.
Children learn worship etiquette by participation.
Children learn, and gain self-confidence, by acting out different problem situations.
Children learn, grow, and develop at different rates.
Children learn, play and heal in a caring environment specially tailored to their needs.
Children learn, practice and experience bullying beginning at a very young age.
Children learning to cook, learn about activities involved in cooking.
Children learning to read have to enjoy and be interested in what they are reading.
Children leave during the service.
Children leave for centers as soon as they have planned.
Children leave gradually.
Children leave homes.
Children leave our school well prepared for life.
Children leave our workshops with knowledge that empowers to start creating on their own.
Children leave parents, friends leave friends.
Children leave parents.
Children leave school to weed and harvest.
Children leave the classes excited about what they learn and eager to return.
Children leave the nest only when they marry.
Children leave the program.
Children leave the service during the doxology.
Children leave the service during the singing of the doxology.
Children leave their homes on bicycles to explore a world where adventure awaits.
Children leave their shoes by the fireplace.
Children leave their shoes in front of the door to be filled with sweets.
Children leave their shoes outside, filled with straw.
Children leaving custody are particularly vulnerable.
Children legitimated by a subsequent marriage, have the same rights as if born during the marriage.
Children lick fingers.
Children lie about sexual abuse.
Children lift the parachute above their heads and peek across at their opposite neighbor.
Children light the fire showing their responsibility and trustworthiness.
Children lightly draw a picture with pencil on a white piece of paper.
Children like animals.
Children like cats.
Children like comfort.
Children like contact.
Children like dinosaurs.
Children like frogs.
Children like lions.
Children like monkeys.
Children like rabbits.
Children like to be King of thecheckerboard, or whatever game they are playing.
Children like to be praised for everything.
Children like to be ready.
Children like to be sung to.
Children like to be taken seriously by adults.
Children like to be told they are doing a good job and working hard.
Children like to believe that their dad is strong.
Children like to belong to a club.
Children like to bury themselves under the balls in a ball pool.
Children like to convey their affection in many different ways.
Children like to drink brightly colored water.
Children like to eat the foods they make.
Children like to fantasize about being in the superhero role.
Children like to feel good about themselves.
Children like to feel important and helpful.
Children like to feel needed.
Children like to feel useful, and they like to model mom and dad.
Children like to have a say in what they eat.
Children like to have their own secret place or hideaway.
Children like to have their own things to snuggle.
Children like to hear favorite books over and over.
Children like to help, and as long as they can dump things into a bowl, they are old enough to help.
Children like to help, to feel needed, to take responsibility.
Children like to hide themselves here.
Children like to imitate adults, especially their parents.
Children like to imitate adults.
Children like to join with the adults in a simple game or relational time.
Children like to know that parents notice when they have improved.
Children like to know that people are helping.
Children like to learn the who s, what s, and where s of the Bible and of the church.
Children like to look at pictures and familiar family photos.
Children like to look out open windows.
Children like to make schedules.
Children like to mash the fruit into sweetened condensed milk as a treat.
Children like to mimic parents.
Children like to move around.
Children like to paint or decorate the tiles to personalize their puzzle.
Children like to play after school, and most organized sports activities take place then.
Children like to play both cooperative and competitive games.
Children like to play outside when it is warm.
Children like to play with cat.
Children like to possess things.
Children like to put on shows for parents.
Children like to read about and play with small trains.
Children like to rediscover old toys.
Children like to see hear, touch, taste, and smell things.
Children like to show off their artwork.
Children like to spin tops, jump rope, and play tag.
Children like to tear branches off plants.
Children like to think their dads are the best at everything.
Children like to trade with each other.
Children like to visit the farmyard animals that live next to the sales building.
Children like to watch ants and can be very useful in tracing their trails.
Children like to wear it and move it.
Children limit per hierarchy node .
Children line the streets and wave flags.
Children line up for services like any other child eligible for the program.
Children line up the magnetic letters of the alphabet with the manuscript lined board.
Children line up the street through which the chariot passes and add to the mass chorus.
Children line up to be washed at a refuge center in Nicaragua.
Children list words with the same long or short vowel sound.
Children listen and learn that everyone has a family and a cultural heritage.
Children listen and participate and the learner interprets the story.
Children listen better to amplified sound and like to use a microphone.
Children listen closely to the lesson in anticipation of the upcoming game.
Children listen on a higher level than they read.
Children listen or sing along, easily learning new words and phrases.
Children listen to a sound, make a guess, and then are shown what it is making that noise.
Children listen to a story about a famous artist and view the artist's works.
Children listen to adults talking about their own strong emotions and impulses.
Children listen to books read by friends and family members and keep a list of their reading .
Children listen to music about suicide, sex, rebellion, rape, murder, etc.
Children listen to one another retell parts of the story.
Children listen to stories and have craft activities.
Children listen to stories, participate in activities and make a craft.
Children listen to stories, participate in crafts, fingerplays, nursery rhymes and more.
Children listen to the evening weather reports.
Children listen to the music and move their bodies and maracas to the beat.
Children listen to the story and follow along with pictures.
Children listen to the tape again and say the rhyming words.
Children listen to the very essence of themselves.
Children listen to the voices and guess which voice goes with each child.
Children listen to what the friend says and then help recall the events to create the story.
Children listen with their ears, eyes, and hearts.
Children listen, read, and discuss.
Children literally learn to be interested in math, fascinated by science, and intrigued with art.
Children literally view themselves as half mom and half dad.
Children live and play close to the ground, where automobile exhausts settle.
Children live and study such basic things as reading and counting.
Children live and think in the present.
Children live at homes.
Children live at school.
Children live by a simple principle, went uncomfortable, avoid.
Children live by faith.
Children live for attention and they love exaggerated emotional responses.
Children live here.
Children live in a noisy universe.
Children live in a residential group home, redesigned to effectively serve their needs.
Children live in a sensory world.
Children live in a world of giants who say and do inexplicable things.
Children live in a world of imagination and feeling.
Children live in a world of improvisation, of wildly improbable imagination.
Children live in a world of sudden violence and violent unfairness.
Children live in an economic world and bring economic knowledge into the classroom.
Children live in areas.
Children live in at least a third of homes with cohabiting couples.
Children live in cities.
Children live in cottages on a campus or in group homes.
Children live in cottages with no more than eight to nine students per cottage.
Children live in counties.
Children live in families of eight with an adult who fills the role of a parent.
Children live in families, and families live in communities.
Children live in families.
Children live in fear.
Children live in foster homes.
Children live in homes.
Children live in households.
Children live in houses.
Children live in inner cities.
Children live in maternity orphanages until they reach age three.
Children live in nations.
Children live in old houses.
Children live in one household.
Children live in one of ten cottages.
Children live in Ontario.
Children live in orphanages and receive generally good care.
Children live in places.
Children live in poverty . . .
Children live in properties.
Children live in regions.
Children live in same areas.
Children live in same households.
Children live in stable and supported families.
Children live in the community while completing treatment.
Children live in the present.
Children live in the streets and go to bed hungry.
Children live in urban areas.
Children live in very precarious circumstances.
Children live next door.
Children live on one side of despair, the awakened on the other side.
Children live precariously amid lab toxins.
Children live their forgiveness.
Children live their moon signs more than their sun sign characteristics.
Children live there, barefoot, torn clothing, starving and skinny.
Children live there.
Children live up or down to our expectations.
Children live what they learn.
Children live with the effects of parental focus long after they are out of the home.
Children live with their mothers.
Children liven up a dull poem about a teacher.
Children living above the poverty line often get toys or money for doing well.
Children living at home can attain a much higher IQ and function better independently.
Children living in developing countries have the same rights as children in wealthy countries.
Children living in endemic areas develop limited immunity.
Children living in extreme poverty often find themselves unable to go to school.
Children living in homes where a mother is abused are more likely to be abused themselves.
Children living in households with reptiles, such as iguanas, are at increased risk.
Children living in low-income families or poor neighbourhoods face more difficulties in life.
Children living in older housing where lead-based paint is more prevalent also are at higher risk.
Children living in older housing where lead-based paint is more prevalent are also at higher risk.
Children living in poverty are less likely to participate in clubs, sports, and lessons.
Children living in poverty have little or no chance to be successful.
Children living in rural areas are less likely to buckle up.
Children living in rural areas have a dramatically higher risk of dying in a residential fire.
Children living in rural areas have higher death rates from unintentional firearm-related injury.
Children living in suburban areas are least likely to have repeated a grade.
Children living in the North Housing Area walk to and from school.
Children living in Utah can vote for the winners.
Children living in violent or neglecting families endure prolonged stress and trauma.
Children living in Yakima public housing receive first priority.
Children living on the streets also concerns people monitoring the homeless population.
Children living with adult smokers are especially vulnerable to second hand smoke.
Children living with alcoholics often develop unhealthy living patterns.
Children living with never-married women are at increased risk of dependence.
Children living with only one parent are more likely to live in poverty than are other children.
Children locate old and new civilizations on maps.
Children log in their reading each week and receive stickers and other incentives.
Children look , learn , listen , and repeat .
Children look and cut out magazines pictures that match the color of the book's paper.
Children look at artefacts and photographs, listen to stories, use books and talk to people.
Children look at celeberties as gods.
Children look at different biomes of the world.
Children look at our world and develop the vocabulary to describe it.
Children look at plates.
Children look at the world differently than adults.
Children look at their list of list of animals that live only in Australia.
Children look at their own culture through the examination of another culture.
Children look at their teachers with such love and awe.
Children look better, feel better, and learn better when they have good oral health.
Children look closely at a Monarch in the grove by the bay.
Children look closely at the presents the characters are bringing.
Children look for colorful eggs in the historic garden.
Children look for fairness.
Children look for five different animals.
Children look for friends.
Children look for strong authoritative figures to depend on and for direction.
Children look forward so much to their birthday.
Children look forward to annual holiday celebrations.
Children look forward to being together with friends as well as working together in team games.
Children look forward to camp each year to renew old friendships and to make new ones.
Children look forward to enjoying fireworks and 'family feasts'.
Children look forward to the snow.
Children look ill and worn out.
Children look in books for pictures of things they like to eat.
Children Look into the faces of our little visitors.
Children look left, right and left again before crossing the street.
Children look left, right and left again before entering a roadway.
Children look like burnt paper.
Children look like parents.
Children look like their parents.
Children look on in wonder as a goat is milked.
Children look on, impatiently, from inside the car.
Children look similar to parents because physical traits are inherited.
Children look so cute dressed as fuzzy and furry creatures.
Children look to adults as models.
Children look to adults for direction in how to act and treat others.
Children look to adults in their community for role models and inspiration.
Children look to do what everyone else is doing.
Children look to our students for encouragement and guidance.
Children look to parents for guidance, leadership, and as a role model.
Children look to the adults for direction in how to act and treat others.
Children look to the same-sex parent for guidance and acceptance.
Children look to their parents and family for guidance.
Children look to their parents as role models for how to live their lives.
Children look to their parents for protection.
Children look to their parents for ways to deal with the disability.
Children look towards our countries leaders as moral, and ethical leaders.
Children look up to the adults they live with.
Children look up to the superstars of today's sports world.
Children look up to their parents as their foremost mentors in life.
Children lose a lot over the summer, during the two to three months.
Children lose a parent, their extended families and even their homes in divorce.
Children lose a sense of stability.
Children lose contact with their parents . . .
Children lose fluids faster during exertion than adults, particularly during warm weather.
Children lose fluids more quickly in the heat, even if they are swimming.
Children lose grandfathers.
Children lose hope and want to give up after severe traumatic experiences.
Children Lose in New Hampshire.
Children lose interest.
Children lose one month of linear growth for every three months in the orphanage.
Children lose parents.
Children lose some degree of trust in others or themselves.
Children lose status.
Children lose teeth.
Children lose their appetite and almost invariably lose weight when they are sick.
Children lose their fathers and also the income extracted in their name.
Children lose their fathers and mothers, parents their children.
Children lose things during such upheaval.
Children lose trust in parents who broadcast their private thoughts.
Children lose water at the same rate as adults.
Children love a birthday party at sea, especially if the dolphins swim by.
Children love a challenge, especially when they feel that they are helping in a project.
Children love a change of pace from typical lunch box sandwiches.
Children love a good mystery.
Children love a good story, and licensed merchandise connected with that story is big business.
Children love a private hideaway, a space of their own.
Children love a winner almost as much as the media do.
Children love acceptance and approval.
Children love adults.
Children love all creatures great and small.
Children love all the selections below as much as a cute, cuddly stuffed bear to go to bed with.
Children love and believe fantasy stories and they always make for a good story.
Children love and respect their elders.
Children love and respond enthusiastically to music.
Children love and trust everyone.
Children love animal stories, so the heroic horses of the movies had great audience appeal.
Children love animals a lot and enjoy hands-on fun.
Children love animals and nature.
Children love animals.
Children love animals.
Children love animation and energy.
Children love apricots and babies love strained apricots.
Children love attention, especially from adults.
Children love beats and sound.
Children love bedtime stories, the same one over and over.
Children love being creative and giving gifts they have made.
Children love being exempted from homework, for instance.
Children love being read to, to hear stories that challenge their imagination.
Children love big events.
Children love biological parents.
Children love books and they especially love to be read to.
Children love books.
Children love both of their parents.
Children love both parents and most want their parents to be together.
Children love both parents and they are most happy when the parents love one another.
Children love bright colorful pictures.
Children love bugs.
Children love butterflies.
Children love campfire stories.
Children love candy.
Children love caring for demanding cyberpets.
Children love cats.
Children love checking out their own.
Children love circle function tool.
Children love climbing and love being outdoors.
Children love climbing around in the maze of boulders.
Children love climbing up into the large vehicle and choosing their own books.
Children love clowns and life-size characters.
Children love color, especially bright color.
Children love colors and bold patterns.
Children love colors.
Children love coming to school because they discover how much fun learning can be.
Children love competitive games.
Children love computers.
Children love cooking and enjoy their meal more if they can help to prepare it.
Children love critters of every kind, and the Web offers an on-line menagerie.
Children love dandelions and dandelion chains.
Children love difficulty and mastery, especially when no one focuses on right or wrong.
Children love dinosaurs.
Children love dogs.
Children love dropping things with our experiment on the great balancing act.
Children love earning money.
Children love easy to eat fruit like kiwis, mandarins, small apples and bananas.
Children love 'em.
Children love empty boxes.
Children love exploring, and learning about life.
Children love fairy tales, because of all the adventures leading up to a happy ever after.
Children love family stories.
Children love fantasies.
Children love feeding the animals.
Children love finding their favorite nursery characters and bringing about happy endings.
Children love fireworks, but that excitement can turn to tragedy in an instant.
Children love freedom.
Children love fun.
Children love gadgets.
Children love games, make the potty a fun place - choose a fun looking potty, bright colors etc.
Children love games.
Children love gardening with perennials.
Children love gestures.
Children love getting letters and packages in the mail.
Children love getting mail.
Children love getting their hands in the dirt, setting out seedlings.
Children love going to the beach by boat.
Children love having a new name in the new language they are learning.
Children love having fathers come into the center.
Children love having personalized magnets of their very own.
Children love having their own duffel or suitcase.
Children love hiding places.
Children love holiness.
Children love horses.
Children love humour.
Children love ideas.
Children love illustrations of their favorite nursery rhymes and stories.
Children love invisible ink.
Children love it here.
Children love it plain in a bowl, with a little butter on top.
Children love it too.
Children love it when adults can conjure from within themselves a good story and tell it with gusto.
Children love it, which means big crowds.
Children love it.
Children love lambs.
Children love learning about art.
Children love learning and life.
Children love learning basic calculator skills with the big buttons and number display.
Children love learning new things.
Children love liberty, because they get to do what they want.
Children love making and decorating cakes, pies and cookies.
Children love making books of their own.
Children love making friends with animals.
Children love making music.
Children love making pictures move, grow, and multiply.
Children love making simple placemats from construction paper to go along with a theme.
Children love making the candles to give as presents to grans, aunts etc.
Children love making up codes and creating secret little languages.
Children love music and they respond positively to it.
Children love music and to be a part of it.
Children love music as much as they enjoy making things.
Children love music, and they especially love hearing their names in a song.
Children love nature and are drawn to the outdoor world of flowers, bugs, birds, and summer showers.
Children love neon-like colors, especially green and yellow and rich, tropical hues.
Children love night lights.
Children love nonsense verse.
Children love opening the jaw of the flower and watching it snap shut.
Children love opening the train window to discover what's happening inside.
Children love our creative, licensed childcare center in the hotel.
Children love papas.
Children love parents.
Children love pasta and our cheese ravioli is a favorite of many.
Children love people, when they can feel the love that they give.
Children love pets and most of the pets in the City of New Brunswick are dogs.
Children love pets.
Children love pictures of cars.
Children love playing and building with colorful blocks.
Children love playing drums and cymbals, and they like pots as much as toy drums.
Children love playing in dirt.
Children love playing with fingers and toes.
Children love playing with loose hanging wires.
Children love playing with the different shapes and sizes.
Children love playing with the old mangle in the wash house.
Children love playing with their friends.
Children love poetry in general, especially younger children with short attention spans.
Children love praise and love to show off the good things they've done.
Children love prowling through the ship.
Children love puns, rhymes, tongue-twisters, silly riddles and other word games.
Children love puzzles.
Children love repetition and familiarity.
Children love repetition and learn from it.
Children love repetition.
Children love rhythm and rhyme.
Children love riddles and guessing games.
Children love ritual.
Children love rituals.
Children love river trips.
Children love rocking chairs.
Children love science.
Children love seeing their name or some funny face grow on a pumpkin.
Children love silence - adults demand it.
Children love silliness, and they love to learn new words.
Children love silly rhymes, they giggle and laugh.
Children love small baby lambs, especially if they are born at the petting zoo.
Children love snakes as naturally as they love dogs and cats.
Children love sneaking past a home to an animal or critter or grumpy person.
Children love snow, and a skiing holiday can be a great family experience.
Children love sound, especially sounds they can make.
Children love special activities all year round.
Children love special occasions.
Children love spooning liquids into other containers.
Children love stickers.
Children love sticking in stickers.
Children love stories about themselves and their families.
Children love stories like that, to understand what hides behind such simple sayings in life.
Children love stories, and stories can be wonderful vehicles to tell a truth .
Children love stories, stories, stories.
Children love stories.
Children love story books.
Children love straw mazes, pumpkin painting and scarecrow making.
Children love surprises but they also benefit from being prepared and knowing what to expect.
Children love suspense.
Children love taking AR test.
Children love taking frontier-style donkey rides.
Children love taking turns turning the handle of the pasta machine.
Children love television, VCRs, computers and video games.
Children love that so much.
Children love that their teeth turn green when they eat it.
Children love the alpine freedom.
Children love the animals and seem to gain a new vision of what science means during their visit.
Children love the animals on the ranch.
Children love the articles, puzzles, games and colorful illustrations.
Children love the baby manatee.
Children love the big wheel races and the carnival.
Children love the bigness of the world but they also love small comfy areas.
Children love the birds and animals.
Children love the bright colors.
Children love the bright colour of the gel and the pleasant taste of the natural essential oils.
Children love the comfort and warmth from their blankie.
Children love the comfortable fit and the sporty look.
Children love the daily lunches, as well as the snacks that they receive each morning and afternoon.
Children love the ease and color of using whiteboards.
Children love the entire event.
Children love the excitement of canal boating, especially when they can help at locks.
Children love the experiments and hands-on activities.
Children love the familiar.
Children love the Farm thanks to rope swings, puppies, kid-friendly trout ponds and more.
Children love the food and eating it with their hands.
Children love the freedom of holidays and want to pack in as much as they can.
Children love the haiku.
Children love the huge dinosaurs and unique style of presentation.
Children love the idea of a new addition to the family, but once it arrives reality sets in.
Children love the idea of having their very own periodical.
Children love the idea that they're helping other children.
Children love the incarcerated parent.
Children love the lambs, Kids and piglets, and can roam free amongst the rabbits and goats.
Children love the little kid approach .
Children love the oils and derive the same benefit as adults.
Children love the opportunity to teach their parents.
Children love the opportunity to use motions with music or to learn to sign songs or Bible verses.
Children love the original characters and activities.
Children love the original characters and games.
Children love the playground .
Children love the playground and festival meadow.
Children love the playground and the wading pool, which keeps warm weather hours.
Children love the rhyme and rhythm of the poems, the ideas, and the pictures.
Children love the rhythm and the rhyme of music.
Children love the rhythm of the chanting and the opportunity to move their bodies.
Children love the satisfaction of placing the completed stickers on their chart.
Children love the simplicity and the crafts turn out adorable.
Children love the smell of lavender.
Children love the sound the the colorful beads.
Children love the spongy feel.
Children love the switch from a very slow chorus to fast verses.
Children love the tiny, bite size fruit that is just the right size for little fingers.
Children love the tradition.
Children love the velvety smooth surface.
Children love the wide barrel made from wood.
Children love their mother.
Children love their own face as a mask.
Children love their own special menu.
Children love their parents so much.
Children love their parents.
Children love their pets, and pets also help children learn valuable life skills.
Children love things with wheels.
Children love to ask questions.
Children love to be a part of adult conversations.
Children love to be active and learn things by doing.
Children love to be creative.
Children love to be experts, especially with their parents.
Children love to be helpful, and thrive on it.
Children love to be helpful.
Children love to be known by their coaches.
Children love to be listened to.
Children love to be read to . . .
Children love to be sang and read to.
Children love to be talked to about everything in detail.
Children love to be traced.
Children love to belong to groups and wear uniforms.
Children love to bring a friend to anything.
Children love to bring home all sorts of pets, from bugs to frogs.
Children love to call azan.
Children love to carry balloons but they often lose their grip.
Children love to chant and read along.
Children love to check out ants with the magnifying glasses.
Children love to chip and melt to find the hidden treasure and the colors blend creating new colors.
Children love to climb up trees and over fences.
Children love to climb.
Children love to come to church.
Children love to cook.
Children love to copy their parents.
Children love to crawl under and over as well as through obstacles.
Children love to create.
Children love to cut out things.
Children love to dance and love music.
Children love to dance, and prance, and skip and flip.
Children love to dance.
Children love to decorate king's crowns.
Children love to dip it in applesauce.
Children love to discover and then extend patterns.
Children love to display their artwork on the refrigerator.
Children love to do activities.
Children love to do all kinds of things in the company of their parents.
Children love to do puzzles.
Children love to do role-playing.
Children love to do the things their parents do.
Children love to do things their parents do.
Children love to draw and can spend endless hours with a handful of pencils and a piece of paper.
Children love to draw and paint.
Children love to draw with the sand pendulum by simply moving the pendulum with their hands.
Children love to draw, especially when they can follow simple steps.
Children love to dress in costume for birthday parties.
Children love to dress up and dramatize.
Children love to dress up and have costumes.
Children love to dress up and to imitate real-life situations.
Children love to dress up as their favorite characters.
Children love to dress up.
Children love to eat the nodding, blue and purple flowers.
Children love to explore and create their own adventures.
Children love to explore and investigate new sensations.
Children love to explore the many textures an colors the cold weather creates.
Children love to explore the possibilities of sound, shape, color, movement, and words.
Children love to explore the recessed handholds with their fingers.
Children love to explore with various objects.
Children love to explore.
Children love to feed the small farm animals.
Children love to feel that they have a storehouse of knowledge acquired through experience.
Children love to feel the instruments vibrate as they are played.
Children love to feel their pole bend beneath the weight of their first catch.
Children love to fish and each of Canada's provinces provide unique fishing experiences.
Children love to fold and sort the clean laundry.
Children love to garden.
Children love to get adjusted and seem healthier than other children.
Children love to get candy, even though parents often end up throwing half of it away.
Children love to get silly or play rough, and can easily injure themselves.
Children love to get something in the mail all their own.
Children love to get something in the mail that is for their eyes only.
Children love to get their hands on fossils, but too often they are too rare and fragile to handle.
Children love to go to speech class.
Children love to have their pictures taken with our horse.
Children love to hear about angelic miracles.
Children love to hear about family - and themselves.
Children love to hear and see the same story again and again.
Children love to hear it over and over.
Children love to hear it.
Children love to hear stories about their family s background.
Children love to hear stories about what it was like when their grandparent was their age.
Children love to hear stories again and again.
Children love to hear stories of their parent s childhood.
Children love to hear that they are good at certain things.
Children love to hear the fascinating stories included in each gift-boxed figure.
Children love to hear the fascinating stories included with each gift-boxed figure.
Children love to hear the human voice.
Children love to hear the same stories over and over again.
Children love to hear the same story over and over again.
Children love to hear their adoption story.
Children love to hear their favorite stories over and over again.
Children love to help cook.
Children love to help decorate gifts and bake cookies.
Children love to help in the kitchen.
Children love to help mom and dad dig in the garden.
Children love to help plan, organize, and carry out family decisions.
Children love to help with that.
Children love to help, and family day care provides many opportunities.
Children love to hug, their parents, and other people, whose ever heart they can feel.
Children love to imitate adults.
Children love to imitate parents.
Children love to imitate their parents.
Children love to imitate, especially people whom they love and respect.
Children love to imitate.
Children love to jump, up and down, and down and up.
Children love to know more about something than their teachers.
Children love to know what famous person shares their birthday.
Children love to label and identify the things they see.
Children love to laugh and love books that are humorous.
Children love to laugh, they love to play and they love to scatter everything around.
Children love to learn about dinosaurs.
Children love to learn interactively, rather than passively staring at a linear video.
Children love to learn new things.
Children love to learn Rainbow Planet songs.
Children love to learn when the lesson is fun.
Children love to learn when working with concrete materials.
Children love to learn, are natural climbers and are often fearless.
Children love to learn.
Children love to listen for their own name, as well as the names of their family and friends.
Children love to listen into dialog.
Children love to listen to other children and view other children's work.
Children love to listen to songs and watch video tapes over and over again.
Children love to listen to the stories of great men.
Children love to look at abstract art.
Children love to look at pictures.
Children love to love, and in their love they prove their worth.
Children love to make choices.
Children love to make crafts and are very creative and enthusiastic.
Children love to make garlands of paper chains and string popcorn.
Children love to make noise.
Children love to make something they can wear.
Children love to make their own cards, posters other artwork.
Children love to make up stories about the bear and coyote's adventures.
Children love to make up their own poems.
Children love to manipulate variables and make predictions about possible outcomes.
Children love to measure, scoop, stir and talk.
Children love to memorize poems.
Children love to memorize things and are very good at it.
Children love to mimic their parents.
Children love to mimic.
Children love to mix, move, drop and destroy things.
Children love to mold it into shapes and eat their creations.
Children love to move to the beat of a drum.
Children love to move.
Children love to observe and are quick to understand and imitate.
Children love to open packages.
Children love to participate in online surveys, especially if there is a free gift involved.
Children love to pet and play with our horse.
Children love to pick flowers for parents and friends.
Children love to plan field trips.
Children love to play cards, especially ones with such humorous pictures and brilliant colors.
Children love to play computer games in order to learn and pass the time while in the hospital.
Children love to play dress-up, and they love to make up stories.
Children love to play games and they can learn while there are playing.
Children love to play games.
Children love to play in it.
Children love to play in water and bubbles.
Children love to play on the computer.
Children love to play pretend, and in the process they learn how to play for real.
Children love to play with glue.
Children love to play with plants in the yard.
Children Love to Play with the dishwasher and in the refrigerator.
Children love to play with the stamps and stickers included with some mailings.
Children love to play with water.
Children love to play, at anything at all, but they prefer to learn every day.
Children love to play, explore, love and be loved, learn new things.
Children love to play.
Children love to please their parents.
Children love to point, at things that matter, and in that they act like a star.
Children love to poke objects into holes.
Children love to pose for the camera.
Children love to punch holes with a hole puncher.
Children love to put on warm clothes, mittens, boots and a hat to go outside to play in the snow.
Children love to put puzzles of themselves together.
Children love to read about their favorite buddy.
Children love to read and hear favorites over and over.
Children love to read and they love being read to as well.
Children love to read and to be read to.
Children love to read books, magazines, newspapers, and comics.
Children love to read such things as road signs, recipe instructions, and cereal boxes.
Children love to read their favorite books over and over again.
Children love to receive a personalised gifts and so do nature lovers.
Children love to receive mail.
Children love to receive their own mail.
Children love to recite rhymes many times.
Children love to recreate book stories with their own character puppets.
Children love to roll marbles.
Children love to run and jump.
Children love to run, back and forth as fast as they can.
Children love to see colors run together, creating new ones.
Children love to see possibilities in the simplest of things.
Children love to see the keys move.
Children love to see the plants growing.
Children love to see the trout as they dart about the water to catch that extra tip.
Children love to see their gift opened that they bought for the special birthday boy or girl.
Children love to see their name in print.
Children love to see their names in print and to imagine themselves in the situation.
Children love to see their names in print.
Children love to see their parents in and around the school.
Children love to see their parents involved in their education.
Children love to see their parents involved in their school day activities.
Children love to see their parents smile.
Children love to see their parents take an active role in their education.
Children love to see themselves in pictures.
Children love to send and receive mail.
Children love to set up the town, build the tracks and act out their favorite episodes.
Children love to share their accomplishments with their families.
Children love to show off what they have learned.
Children love to sing and dance and draw and create.
Children love to sing songs of praise.
Children love to sing, songs about everything, and nothing at all even so.
Children love to sing.
Children love to smile, as much as they can and as often.
Children love to sort beans.
Children love to spend time with parents.
Children love to splash around in the water or get a cool fresh drink.
Children love to splash in the bath, while parents are always concerned with their safety.
Children love to stretch and bend.
Children love to string pasta shells with large holes to make necklaces and other jewelry.
Children love to study butterflies and use their imagination.
Children love to suck, to get their food in the womb, and again from the breast after birth.
Children love to take dough and pound and push it into shape.
Children love to take parents to their limit.
Children love to take tests on the computer.
Children love to take turns lighting candles.
Children love to talk about things they know something about and enjoy.
Children love to talk, make up stories and role-play.
Children love to tell stories.
Children love to test their kites as soon as they are made.
Children love to touch and feel animals.
Children love to touch the living exhibits, so plan to spend lots of time there.
Children love to touch, whatever they can get their hands on.
Children love to trace around their body parts.
Children love to try and climb up bookcases and wall units.
Children love to unwrap presents.
Children love to use the program and parents and teachers are impressed with the results.
Children love to use their minds.
Children love to visit homeschooling families.
Children love to walk through the whalebone near the plaza.
Children love to watch a garden grow.
Children love to watch as felines roll, play and go silly in the garden.
Children love to watch as the ice melts into the color.
Children love to watch exuberant river otters and athletic spider monkeys.
Children love to watch pita breads miraculously puff up in the oven.
Children love to watch snow removal operations.
Children love to watch the same tapes over and over again.
Children love to watch the work being done in their area of the library.
Children love to watch the working mill wheel and to feed the owner's stock offish in the mill pond.
Children love to watch themselves.
Children love to watch things grow.
Children love to water - particularly at full force of the hose.
Children love to wave, their arms in delight.
Children love to work in miniature.
Children love touching and stroking it because it really does feel like a lamb s ear.
Children love touching and stroking it because it really does feel like a lamb's ear.
Children love trains.
Children love treasure hunts.
Children love trucks, bulldozers and cement mixers.
Children love using the newspaper in all subject areas and at every grade level.
Children love using their hands to dip crackers, vegetables, bread, pretzels, bagels and fruit.
Children love using their own software programs with their own keyboard.
Children love water.
Children love when the hero is someone they can relate to.
Children love without expecting anything back.
Children love wooden toys.
Children love writing and receiving letters from their sponsors.
Children love zoos, and they're good for the economy.
Children love, therefore they grieve.
Children lower their eyes when being reprimanded by an adult as a sign of respect.
Children mainly die of malnutrition related diseases.
Children mainly eat tea and bread.
Children maintain energy balance with wildly varying intakes of food per meal.
Children maintain their flexibility, resiliency and freedom despite the challenges they face.
Children make a booklet about their extended families.
Children make a card for someone in their family.
Children make a chart showing the seed and what the fruit from each seed looks like.
Children make a collage picture of the homes from cut-out paper, cork, shells, felt or grasses.
Children make a cornhusk doll.
Children make a family tree, and draw pictures of family members.
Children make a family tree.
Children make a graph in the spaces provided on the sheet.
Children make a list of Chinese foods they have tasted.
Children make a list of games they play with their family.
Children make a list of Japanese foods they have tasted.
Children make a list of wild animals and animals which can be pets.
Children make a list of words that rhyme.
Children make a model of a pyramid.
Children make a model of their house from cardboard, plastic and cellophane.
Children make a picture graph of the groups of fish, using a felt board and pictures.
Children make a safety poster for water and boating.
Children make a series of measurements with increasing precision.
Children make a small oval ball of clay.
Children make a special journal and a party is part of each class.
Children make a survey of the school or community to find out about people's reading habits.
Children make a two-page booklet.
Children make a yellow mural.
Children make aquatic dip nets and go dipping for insects.
Children make art as plain as sunshine.
Children make believe, they do it readily every day, and without any formal training.
Children make better choices.
Children make changes to the graph as needed.
Children make choices about independent learning activities.
Children make choices as to what to read, what to write, and how to approach a task.
Children make choices.
Children make clay models of people in their family.
Children make crafts for their parties.
Children make dating and the desire for intimate relations while single difficult.
Children make decisions.
Children make efficient soldiers.
Children make excellent martyrs in the eyes of extremists.
Children make excellent messengers and have amazing ability to influence the adults in their lives.
Children make excellent messengers.
Children make excellent nags to keep parents responsible.
Children make false attributions to their trauma.
Children make food choices and choose to be active or inactive based on the family's lifestyle.
Children make friends among different age groups naturally.
Children make friends.
Children make fun of their names, accent, clothes, etc.
Children make good choices.
Children make great snacks.
Children make great travel companions.
Children make high-pitched noises and sudden movements which can trigger collies.
Children make ideal victims.
Children make important companions to other children.
Children make individual banners celebrating Japanese New Year.
Children make inferences every day.
Children make instruments out of objects around the room.
Children make judgments from an extremely small base of knowledge and experience.
Children make lists of adjectives which describe the aroma and taste of their bread products.
Children make lots of mistakes.
Children make many of their own decisions about behavior.
Children make mathematical connections in other content areas and to the world outside of school.
Children make meaning with their peers, their families, and their world.
Children make meaningful phonetic associations in the context of familiar, engaging text.
Children make measurements with some degree of accuracy.
Children make memory.
Children make messes.
Children make mistakes, too.
Children make mistakes.
Children make new connections to others within their schools and in their communities.
Children make new friends and learn important social and academic skills.
Children make new friends and parents have a special opportunity to share and learn from each other.
Children make noise.
Children make observations of at least one event within each part of the investigation.
Children make observations.
Children make our lives meaningful and are our greatest assets.
Children make own decisions.
Children make paper chains and illustrate animals and plants to be glued onto the paper chains.
Children make rapid progress, assisted by the latest computer software.
Children make rugs in India, fish seas off Indonesia, work cocoa farms in Ivory Coast.
Children make silly rhymes with the above rhyming words.
Children make sketches.
Children make slime, silly putty, or rubber balls to take home.
Children make so many questions regarding the Tower.
Children make solar cell Making a dye-sensitised solar cell is child's play.
Children make sound.
Children make squeak noise.
Children make suggestions for trying new foods.
Children make the gold found in the new world by spray painting rocks.
Children make the issue of a two-career couple even more complex.
Children make the relationship stronger.
Children make the same mistakes their parents made.
Children make the world go round.
Children make their handprints on their page and illustrate their text.
Children make their hands and chins into puppets.
Children make their own decisions when they pretend.
Children make their own didgeridoos from cardboard cylinders.
Children make their own plaster cast of a fossil to take home.
Children make their own puzzle to take home.
Children make their own stationery or assemble a book.
Children make their way up the school at their own pace, being promoted when they are ready.
Children make tickets for other children and teachers to purchase bread the restaurant.
Children make up a large part of bonded labour.
Children make up a much larger proportion of the population in aboriginal communities.
Children make up a significant portion of emergency food clients.
Children make up about a quarter of the uninsured.
Children make up about one-third of the local shelter s total population each year.
Children make up jingles about people and places as well as repeating traditional nursery rhymes.
Children make up more than half of the population of Pakistan.
Children make up more than half of the total population in Senegal.
Children make up more than half the population.
Children make up more than half the uncounted.
Children make up over half of the world's refugees.
Children make up stories with pictures, music and sound effects.
Children make up the entire cast.
Children make up their minds, have feelings, and form judgments.
Children make use of class readers, which are graded according to difficulty.
Children make vital concept-connections through their use of the site.
Children make waves as they learn how land and water come together at the seashore.
Children make wise decisions.
Children makes messes.
Children making quilts for children is a win-win project.
Children manage better when they know what to expect.
Children manage to work magic in our lives every day.
Children manifest unruly or disruptive behaviour if given instruction.
Children manipulate a variety of materials and tools.
Children manipulate concrete items in math.
Children manipulate real objects and learn through hands-on, direct experiences.
Children manipulate their environment, forming mental images a.
Children march with flags in the synagogue.
Children master the spoken word early on, amassing an astounding vocabulary in the first few years.
Children masturbate, sometimes with great purpose and at other times simply for idle entertainment.
Children match a card with a koala in a hat to a game board.
Children match a set of individual food pictures to the pictures on the page.
Children match cans with identical sounds.
Children match the like pictures and the capital and lower case letters.
Children match the second set to the ones on the poster board.
Children match upper to lowercase.
Children match uppercase letters printed on tray with magnetic letters.
Children mature at different levels.
Children mature at different rates.
Children mature by learning independence, self-discipline and initiative, and that takes practice.
Children mature, both physically and emotionally at different rates.
Children may have allergies.
Children may have godparents.
Children may have problems.
Children may have sound.
Children may have tissue.
Children mean sacrifice.
Children means all natural children.
Children meanwhile are well catered for.
Children measure each other's height in standard hands and in their own hand-measure.
Children measure height.
Children measure in unstructured units sizes of the rooms, windows and walls.
Children measure tables and other equipment and spaces in the room.
Children measure the height in hands of objects inside and outside the classroom.
Children meet all their favorite characters and learn by doing.
Children meet animals in different places.
Children meet bi-monthly for activities and field trips.
Children meet daily in a small group with the classroom teacher.
Children meet for a time of sharing, prayer and musical praise.
Children meet for age-graded mission education classes and choirs on alternating weeks.
Children meet forest creatures who tell their story of how they prepare for winter.
Children meet hike leader at the South Mountain Park Activity Center Complex.
Children meet in age-divided classes for solid Bible teaching that is geared toward each age level.
Children meet in pairs to edit their written work together before copying it for publication.
Children meet in small groups to read their own writing and get responses from their peers.
Children meet new friends, interact with new teachers and expand their knowledge of the world.
Children meet once a week for about twelve sessions and share stories and poems.
Children meet people on the Internet too.
Children meet the nurse even before they begin school at Preschool registration.
Children meet up with friends from school as well as making new friends in the camp.
Children meet weekly for Bible teaching, skill building, crafts, games, and scripture memorization.
Children meet with teachers to learn together and to do their homework.
Children meet with the speech language pathologist three to five times a week.
Children meet with their teachers for bathroom time, snack, and story time.
Children meet with trained facilitators in age groups.
Children meeting federal guidelines for free and reduced lunch receive lottery preference.
Children memorize and therefore do pre-reading of songs and poems done as a group in class.
Children memorize information more rapidly than adults.
Children memorize many things.
Children memorize Scripture and attend weekly chapel.
Children menu available.
Children merit a separate research focus for several reasons, assert the authors.
Children metabolize drugs differently than adults do.
Children metabolize toxic substances faster than adults.
Children migrate from group to group.
Children mimic their parents and that's why it's important that parents be good role models.
Children mimic their parents.
Children mimic what they see and read about.
Children mimic what they see.
Children mirror their mothers' manners and morals. . . .
Children mirror what they see.
Children misbehave more often when they are tired or hungry.
Children miss a chance to learn when all that's on the tube are Spanish-language programs.
Children miss the unsupervised but essential socializing with peers on the way to school.
Children misunderstand or make up their own destructive messages.
Children mix it together and finger paint with it.
Children mix well.
Children model a lot of their behaviour on their parents.
Children model all they see including the way parents interact.
Children model the behavior of their parents.
Children model their lives after the lives of their pastors.
Children model their lives after their teachers.
Children model their own behavior and attitudes after their parents'.
Children model their parent s behavior.
Children model their parents' behavior, ideals, morals, values, and social behaviors instinctively.
Children model their parents behavior.
Children model their parents' spending habits.
Children model themselves after their parents.
Children model themselves on their parents because they have no other point of reference.
Children model what they see.
Children monitor every action of their immediate family members.
Children monitor their parents' relationship with a hawk-eye.
Children mostly experience common migraine.
Children mostly sit in groups of between four and eight.
Children motivate many a distressed couple to remain together.
Children move around the room at random.
Children move at a pace they set themselves.
Children move away.
Children move back and forth between the known and the unknown minds with a minimum of fear.
Children move between groups as they grasp a concept or require more time to learn a skill.
Children move between the two classes.
Children move between two households.
Children move confidently and with increasing co-ordination, skill and awareness of space.
Children move developmentally through five stages as they begin to write.
Children move during their sleep much more than adults.
Children move freely in and out of any world they choose by the incredible power of imagination.
Children move frequently and quickly, often becoming a blur in a photograph.
Children move from active areas to quiet areas as their energy levels build and diminish.
Children move from childhood to adulthood.
Children move from scene to scene in a train that they create in the drawing area.
Children move in a very self-conscious social world, and their parents get involved.
Children move in and out of districts all the time.
Children move in and out of games with ease.
Children move like insects and dance to insect songs.
Children move on once they master beginning reading skills.
Children move on to many different schools at rising five.
Children move on to other relationships.
Children move quickly from one activity to another to encourage stimulation and learning.
Children move themselves toward learning.
Children move themselves towards learning.
Children move through activities at their own pace, which promotes creativity and invention.
Children move through progressively challenging steps while building their reading skills.
Children move through space and time.
Children move through stages.
Children move toward independence and dependence at the same time.
Children move with intermittent bursts of energy.
Children move with quick, jerky movements, have high-pitched voices and often run, rather than walk.
Children name themselves or their brothers and sisters by choosing a word they can say.
Children narrate in words and pictures and in accordance with well-developed working method.
Children naturally absorb knowledge from their personal surroundings.
Children naturally act out, showing feelings through actions, some of which are primitive.
Children naturally behave as their parents behave.
Children naturally believe in their parents, but at the same time they have their own inner sense.
Children naturally breathe faster when awake or crying.
Children naturally come in a variety of sizes and shapes.
Children naturally decrease their level of activity when they are sick.
Children naturally desire to learn.
Children naturally desire to mimic their parents and acquire the skills they utilize regularly.
Children naturally enjoy listening to and discussing stories.
Children naturally experiment to see whether they can get each other to do things.
Children naturally go for what is healing and nurturing.
Children naturally have an interest in mathematics.
Children naturally hold a pen low down near the nib, which cramps their writing.
Children naturally imitate fearless superheroes who can overcome any obstacle in their path.
Children naturally imitate the behavior of people they are emotionally bonded with.
Children naturally imitate the most visible of their family.
Children naturally love animals.
Children naturally love science and ask questions constantly.
Children naturally love soft, furry, non-threatening animals with which they can feel safe.
Children naturally love the activity and challenge.
Children naturally mimic what adults do.
Children naturally observe, predict, classify, experiment, and communicate, just as scientists do.
Children naturally play and learn together without regard for the age of the other children.
Children naturally seek help and guidance when they are confused or uncertain.
Children naturally seek independence in ordered and purposeful activities.
Children naturally slim down as they get older.
Children navigate and participate in the virtual playspace using an avatar on-screen character.
Children necessarily interpret external events in terms of the mental schemes they have at the time.
Children necessarily remain dependent on their families until their early twenties.
Children need adults.
Children need advice.
Children need answers.
Children need assistance.
Children need attention.
Children need books.
Children need care.
Children need cholesterol.
Children need dietary cholesterol.
Children need fathers.
Children need grandfathers.
Children need information.
Children need medical assistance.
Children need memory.
Children need milk.
Children need moms.
Children need mothers.
Children need nutrients.
Children need nutrition.
Children need parental care.
Children need situations.
Children need supplemental nutrition.
Children needing adoption are of all ages - from babies to teenagers.
Children needs a heart of love.
Children needs health monitoring and care dluring the elementary and middle school years.
Children never can safely ride in grain wagons.
Children never close their closets anyway.
Children never die in vain.
Children never eat alone.
Children never forget.
Children never get tired of play.
Children never imitate what they see or hear on television.
Children never leave the school grounds, except in the case of a supervised pre-planned activity.
Children never make some grammatical errors.
Children never outgrow squint.
Children never stop asking questions.
Children never stop being precious.
Children never stop learning.
Children Never Tell.
Children normally attend a neighborhood school close to home.
Children normally enjoy snacks during the day, such as fruit, a beverage, or a small sandwich.
Children normally enter chat rooms.
Children normally grow at regular rates through childhood.
Children normally have no Fingerprinting registered.
Children notice differences between people's skin color and gender at a very early age.
Children notice even the most subtle changes in their routines and surroundings.
Children notice that their parents let themselves get lost in the fun and creativity of play.
Children notice what their parents eat.
Children now account for only four percent of all forest fires caused in the United States.
Children now are more exposed.
Children now are nothing more than a target-rich environment.
Children now attend school in Pawnee City or Lewiston.
Children now attend surrounding consolidated schools.
Children now begin to more consistently use language correctly.
Children now benefit from a consistent, safe and fun place to learn when school's out.
Children now can attach their favorite felt piece toppings to the felt pizza.
Children Now Children Now homepage.
Children now focus on money, prestige and celebrity.
Children Now has a strong focus on media literacy and media and children issues.
Children now have a proper place to keep their books and take exams.
Children now have access to all types of pornography via the Internet.
Children now have chess programs available that play at the master level.
Children now have their own stick horse.
Children now have to have their own passports.
Children Now is a national organization with special depth in California.
Children Now is a nonpartisan group focusing on solutions to problems faced by youngsters.
Children Now is a nonpartisan group that focuses on the needs of American children.
Children Now is a nonpartisan policy and advocacy organization for children.
Children Now is a nonpartisan, independent voice for America's children.
Children Now is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to staff diversity.
Children Now is one of the nation's leading nonpartisan organizations for children.
Children Now is supported by foundations, corporations and individuals.
Children Now links to sites whose focus is educational and non-commercial.
Children now live in a tougher time than ever before.
Children now live in an ecology of technology.
Children now live in decent homes there, learning and playing in an atmosphere of hope.
Children now move beyond their city blocks and start to see a bigger picture.
Children now overflow the center, so more classroom space is needed.
Children now pay to see the local hero.
Children Now Promotes pioneering solutions to improve the lives of America's children.
Children Now promotes the well being of the U.S. children by using research and mass communications.
Children Now Provides information to help parents talk to kids about tough issues.
Children now receive drugs on a regular schedule, rather than waiting until they say they hurt.
Children now seem to think that they can do whatever they want.
Children now show adult-onset diabetes.
Children now sit in desks arranged in clusters to encourage kids to interact with each other.
Children Now takes advantage of the web's power to mobilize support through timely action alerts.
Children Now takes hope and inspiration from youth.
Children now think that milk comes from cartons.
Children Now uses communication strategies to help bring children into the national conversation.
Children Now uses their media know-how to spotlight kids' problems and then work towards solutions.
Children nowadays are tyrants.
Children nowadays assume greater responsibility for their own development.
Children nowadays research for their school projects online at a very young age.
Children nowadays wonder about many things often their questions go unanswered.
Children obey rules because they fear being punished if they disobey.
Children obey stop signs and red lights.
Children observe adult behavior and formulate ideas about what the adult values.
Children observe and explore in all subject areas.
Children observe and imitate aggressive behavior over the course of many years.
Children observe and learn more than they are taught by parents.
Children observe and record the changes of painted lady butterfly larvae from caterpillar to adult.
Children observe how parents behave when subjected to discipline.
Children observe how similar science concepts relate to both foods and fabrics.
Children observe the adults and describe what they see.
Children observe the different foods put in the tank each day and record the results.
Children observe the exciting world of an ant colony.
Children observe the parental interactions and identify with both the victim and the aggressor.
Children observe their parents' behavior.
Children observe their parents modeling and implementing wise financial stewardship.
Children observe well and learn very quickly.
Children observe what happens with precipitation.
Children observe, as opposed to just looking.
Children observe, listen, participate, and practice.
Children observe, use, and compare different balls.
Children obtain information mostly by means of eyesight.
Children obtain the amount from the bank.
Children obviously get some aspects of human nature from their parents.
Children obviously have a different smell.
Children occasionally repeat measurements to check if they have the same results as someone else.
Children occupy a special place in the eyes of the law.
Children occupy themselves around the fringes of the group.
Children offer a joyful zest for life and a fresh point of view.
Children offer fried bananas, soup, sweets and sate.
Children offer opinions, and the parents see it as insolence.
Children officially join the program by reading and reporting on their first book.
Children oftentimes gawk at the sight in wonderment.
Children only ask what they are ready to know.
Children only buy soda.
Children only exhibit physiological changes at submaximal levels.
Children only gain compassion when they wrestle with adult concerns of their own.
Children only have each other to confer about problems and growing up.
Children only have the experience of being in first, third, or eighth grade once.
Children only have to wait.
Children only imitate their atmosphere and their environment, therefore they do what they see.
Children only know about the few jobs they can see in their world.
Children only learn to see when they are free to stop looking at their paper as a mistake.
Children only respect parents who respect themselves.
Children only see gender stereotypes as virtual heroines queue up for actual rescue.
Children open mouths.
Children open our hearts.
Children open the book, turn on the first audio tape, and begin to teach themselves.
Children open their arms for a hug.
Children open their eyes and guess who's shadow they see.
Children operate in a climate of consistent order.
Children order their lunch at the beginning of the school day.
Children ordinarily resist overeating.
Children ought be able to ride their bikes, rollerblades or skateboards in safety.
Children ought to be able to do good, honest work.
Children ought to be in the country, where they can have freedom without excitement.
Children ought to be protected from such brutal exploitation.
Children ought to learn aspects of their native heritage.
Children ought to obey adults.
Children ought to obey their parents.
Children ought to praise and admire their parents.
Children ought to receive a quality education no matter where they live.
Children outgrow asthma.
Children outgrow car seats just like they outgrow shoes.
Children outgrow crossed eyes.
Children outgrow learning disabilities.
Children outgrow some fears but become more emotionally susceptible to others.
Children overcome delays and parents and children develop skills for healthy relationships.
Children overcome fears, learn about themselves and make friends.
Children owe their parents nothing other than being who they are.
Children own most of it.
Children owning pets are more involved in activities such as sports, hobbies, clubs or chores.
Children pain their skeletons on the smock.
Children paint a portrait of what it is like to grow up as a kid in the nineties.
Children paint and decorate three craft sticks red, three green and one black for the middle candle.
Children paint glue on background paper, then place collage items on wet glue.
Children paint on the sidewalk using water and large brushes and sidewalk chalk.
Children paint over the dried glue.
Children paint picture and add caption.
Children paint pictures of their grandparents.
Children paint their own abstract shapes in red or blue on four separate pieces of paper.
Children paint with round o-shaped objects.
Children paint with yellow paint on blue or black construction paper.
Children pair off to develop separate districts.
Children panic when they fall into the water suddenly.
Children parade in dinosaur costumes as chorus sings dinosaur songs.
Children parade to the church bearing rushes in the form of a cross.
Children park with environmentally sound for physical and mental development for children.
Children parrot what they learn.
Children partake in parties, plays, singing performances, and many more adventures.
Children partake in the festivities by eating chocolate or candy in the shape of skulls .
Children partake in the games, while adults can refresh themselves at the large outdoor bar.
Children participate and in the process learn some Spanish words.
Children participate as a class in stations set-up on the field.
Children participate by demonstrating sun safety tips.
Children participate by demonstrating water safety tips.
Children participate enthusiastically in role-play, which is supported by adult interaction.
Children participate free of charge.
Children participate from two days to five days per week.
Children participate in a church service.
Children participate in a class once per week.
Children participate in a craft project, from design to realisation.
Children participate in a large variety of games.
Children participate in a learning environment under the guidance of highly qualified instructors.
Children participate in a range of therapeutic and educational activities.
Children participate in a simple craft.
Children participate in a skill assessment then are placed on teams.
Children participate in a team sport, have fun with their friends, and learn basic tennis skill.
Children participate in a varied fine arts program.
Children participate in a variety of activities designed for their developmental needs.
Children participate in a variety of activities ranging from cow milking to studying marsh life.
Children participate in a variety of activities supervised by qualified staff.
Children participate in a variety of activities that help foster a healthy spirit, mind and body.
Children participate in a variety of activities through the day.
Children participate in a variety of activities within a nurturing and caring environment.
Children participate in a variety of enrichment activities.
Children participate in a variety of individual and group activities.
Children participate in a variety of physical activities designed to promote an active lifestyle.
Children participate in a variety of planned and supervised activities.
Children participate in a variety of skill progressions that encourage fun and learning.
Children participate in a wide variety of open-ended activities that foster creative expression.
Children participate in activities designed to promote their emotional, social and physical growth.
Children participate in activities suited to their own age and developmental level.
Children participate in activities where they have an opportunity to explore and experiment.
Children participate in activities.
Children participate in all activities with the adults.
Children participate in all activities with the rest of the family.
Children participate in all aspects of theater from the ground up.
Children participate in art activities that are just right for their age.
Children participate in batik, photography and darkroom use, painting, drawing, and other crafts.
Children participate in both unstructured play and structured time for games, stories, or songs.
Children participate in children's choirs at school and church.
Children participate in class to learn the basics of the Bible and Christian faith.
Children participate in classes with ongoing support and supervision.
Children participate in community organized programs and recreational activities.
Children participate in creating the fairy tale about freeing wild horses which have been captured.
Children participate in creative activities such as art, music, movement, and dramatic play.
Children participate in creative activities.
Children participate in creative movement activities.
Children participate in developing standards for their work.
Children participate in enrichment activities and tutoring.
Children participate in family decision making.
Children participate in field trips, arts, swimming, and water safety education.
Children participate in first class.
Children participate in fun events and games for prizes and enjoyment.
Children participate in group and individual counseling with master's level social workers.
Children participate in gym activities, arts and crafts, games and dramatic play.
Children participate in hands-on activities in our perennial, annual and natural vegetable gardens.
Children participate in hands-on activities throughout our gardens.
Children participate in indoor and outdoor play and are introduced to words and numbers.
Children participate in leading Bible stories doing crafts and singing in children's choir.
Children participate in lessons and activities which extend beyond the regular classroom curriculum.
Children participate in literature, art, science, music and social play activities.
Children participate in liturgical celebrations on a regular basis.
Children participate in Liturgy three days a week.
Children participate in local music, choir and art festivals.
Children participate in many enrichment activities provided both during and after school hours.
Children participate in many field trips to businesses around the community.
Children participate in meetings to solve classroom problems.
Children participate in movement, pantomime.
Children participate in music at their particular level.
Children participate in nature walks, board games, crafts, story telling, and clowning.
Children participate in numerous chorale concerts each year.
Children participate in our programs through skill progression.
Children participate in parent-coached leagues in baseball, backetball, football, and soccer.
Children participate in physical activities in an outdoor setting.
Children participate in planned activities and are served lunch daily.
Children participate in recreation and games, arts and crafts, and special events.
Children participate in rocket-making and Mars workshops on the weekends.
Children participate in self governance and learn about behavioral choices.
Children participate in several community service projects throughout the year.
Children participate in several exciting recreational and educational activities at the program.
Children participate in singing, movement, and rhythmic activities.
Children participate in skits and plays that demonstrate communication through the arts.
Children participate in small group activities.
Children participate in songs, games, and large-muscle motor activities.
Children participate in speech, language, and early learning experiences.
Children participate in sports to have fun rather than win.
Children participate in stories, finger plays, songs and movies.
Children participate in stories, games, music, and crafts.
Children participate in tests.
Children participate in the festival as well as older men and women.
Children participate in the lifestyle because one or both of their parents do.
Children participate in the school breakfast and lunch programs.
Children participate in the shopping, banking and cleaning.
Children participate in the worship and prayers of the assembly of the people.
Children participate in the worship service with their parents until the Children's Sermon.
Children participate in water play, Bible studies, fishing, and other fun opportunities.
Children participate plus develop skills in movement and coordination.
Children participate regularly in physical education, games, and active play.
Children participate with a parent.
Children participate with other children while parents wait in another part of the library.
Children participate with the orchestra in a sing-along, or are involved in playing an instrument.
Children participate without a parent.
Children participate, regardless of laws against child labor.
Children participating are able to ride the activity bus home on that day.
Children particularly enjoy feeding times.
Children particularly enjoy magic and especially when they are involved in completing it.
Children particularly enjoy receiving mail during their stay in the hospital.
Children particularly enjoy the day.
Children particularly enjoy the waterfalls, caves and large number of lifelike animals.
Children particularly look up to grandparents.
Children particularly love smaller pocket breads.
Children particularly suffer from the stress and anxiety associated with separation and divorce.
Children pass it amongst each other primarily by coming in contact with each others saliva.
Children pass tests.
Children pass the pumpkin to the tempo of the music.
Children pass the sock around, feel the object, and try to guess what it is.
Children pass the virus among themselves at school, and then bring it home to their parents.
Children pass through identifiable stages in learning to spell.
Children pass through many stages as they grow.
Children pass through sensitive periods of development early in life.
Children pass through several stages in learning to read English.
Children pass, and pass, then pass away.
Children paste the poster board pattern on the back of the mouth pattern they have.
Children patter softly on bare feet.
Children pay according to their families' financial means.
Children pay attention.
Children pay better attention than grownups.
Children pay close attention.
Children pay for advertising.
Children pay for marketing.
Children pay for their milk in the lunchroom each day.
Children pay half fare and night cruises are available.
Children pay half price.
Children pay half.
Children pay no attention to buddy discipline.
Children pay no more than half the full adult fare.
Children pay one dollar a month to join the club.
Children pay port taxes, government fees and taxes.
Children pay price as frustrated foster parents, social workers bail out.
Children pay special rates depending on age as does a third adult sharing with two other adults.
Children pay the biggest price, forgoing immunizations, schooling, and proper nutrition.
Children pay the full sharing tariff.
Children pay the price for homelessness.
Children pay the price for our educational cowardice.
Children pay the same price as adults for the evening performances.
Children peek down from the stairs, mice in white pyjamas, up past their bed-time.
Children perceive more love from both parents, particularly the father.
Children perceive the way that a parent relaxes and approach tasks.
Children perform best somewhere in the middle ground.
Children perform best under clear overt rules with frequent and immediate reinforcement.
Children perform better and turn in more quality work when they are given choices.
Children perform better when confronted with defined boundaries.
Children perform cognitive tasks.
Children perform dances in traditional costumes and imported Greek items are sold.
Children perform different skills.
Children perform function tests.
Children perform indigenous songs.
Children perform Kathak dance and other classical Indian dances.
Children perform low-skill duties such as cleaning and sweeping.
Children perform morphs for their class or school.
Children perform play or several skits for community events and at close of each session.
Children perform poorly in school relative to their peers.
Children perform pulmonary function tests.
Children perform ribbon dances, carry delicate tissue lanterns, and perform martial arts.
Children perform skills.
Children perform tasks.
Children perform tests.
Children perform the cuckoo's funeral rite in some villages even nowadays.
Children perform the problems on that page and then click a check mark to have their work checked.
Children periodically earn merit badges when playing the activities.
Children perspire less than adults and require a higher core body temperature to trigger sweating.
Children pester parents for particular toys or groceries.
Children pick beans, as well as pregnant women.
Children pick dandelions again.
Children pick it up, then start to want more.
Children pick one item, then spend their time painting, creating gifts and eating.
Children pick partners and usually dance three to four dances together.
Children pick pet care items from a bag and instruction is interactive.
Children pick that up.
Children pick the format of each page from a number of simple choices.
Children pick the stories.
Children pick their friends for their own reasons.
Children pick their own berries and choose their own pumpkin at our organic farm.
Children pick through refuse in search of food.
Children pick up behavioral cues from their parents and other family members.
Children pick up cues so quickly.
Children pick up food habits from their parents.
Children pick up language skills by hearing and playing with words.
Children pick up languages easily.
Children pick up lead dust from the floor from their toys, and from pets.
Children pick up on it and are confused and scared by it.
Children pick up on subtle cues and can often read their parents gestures.
Children pick up on the slightest nuances in emotional balance.
Children pick up on the smallest thing their parents do.
Children pick up on their parents enthusiasm.
Children pick up on their parents' frenzied feelings and often respond in kind.
Children pick up on visual cues.
Children pick up parent's uncertainty about letting go.
Children pick up signing easily and quickly.
Children pick up strange ideas about their family's financial situation.
Children pick up the negative as well as the positive behavior, words, and attitudes.
Children pick up the tapeworms when they accidentally ingest infected fleas.
Children pick up their pots, women bear baskets with fruit, men, wine.
Children pick up words and gestures from television too.
Children picking apples stare into the sky when the sleek, steel bird thunders overhead.
Children piece together a puzzle made of a comic strip, then read the comics with a parent.
Children pinch that penny more tightly when they earned it themselves.
Children place a shoe or boot by the fireplace.
Children place a sticker in their preferred vegetable row.
Children place black paper over the sandpaper letters and rub with sidewalk chalk.
Children place pictures of foods they eat into the correct cars during the day.
Children place symbols on a map to create a sandbox construction.
Children place the pictures of the clocks next to the times written on blackboard so they match.
Children place the pieces and guess what happens next.
Children place the seeds in order from smallest to biggest.
Children place their books at the goddesses feet.
Children placed by public agencies qualify for pre-adoption assistance at placement.
Children placed in adoptive homes receive pre and post adoptive services.
Children placed in car seats that are improperly installed can be in just as much danger.
Children placed in day care grow up to be psychopathic killers.
Children placed in foster and adoptive homes by the state tend to be older.
Children placed through private agencies are ineligible for state-funded subsidy.
Children plan a trip and pack a suitcase.
Children plan and carry out investigations.
Children plan their strategies carefully, too.
Children plan, write and produce documentaries and informational films.
Children plant their own tree from seed.
Children play a game using a top called a dreidel .
Children play a game with a four-sided top called a dreidel.
Children play a guessing game of what is inside.
Children play a significant role and bring gaiety to the proceedings.
Children play a strong role in Philadelphia's history.
Children play a unique role in the advertising world's targeting scheme.
Children play above it, and a duck pond can be seen in the lower right.
Children play all sorts of games.
Children play amidst the ruins.
Children play among landfills and swim in heavily contaminated waters.
Children play an active role in setting rules for classroom life.
Children play an ever-increasing role in the economy of Las Vegas and other gambling cities.
Children play an important role in A History of Silence.
Children play an important role in helping to bridge the gap between the two cultures.
Children play an important role in many of our classmates' lives.
Children play an important role in transmission.
Children play and adults chat about the latest news.
Children play and crawl on the ground.
Children play and interact spontaneously, using a lot of direct, physical contact.
Children play and know it's time to go.
Children play and learn in pleasant, modern surroundings.
Children play and picnic area.
Children play and sheep graze amidst fragile remains.
Children play and squeal, a distant ship's horn sounds.
Children play around a tree.
Children play at being patrons and servers, reading menus and writing orders.
Children play at both sides, they look very similar to each other, they look the same.
Children play at the discretion of management.
Children play ball in the open sewage.
Children play baseball all the time without an umpire.
Children play baseball in the streets with homemade balls and a stick for a bat.
Children play both inside and outside daily.
Children play by finding matches and relationships among the nation cards.
Children play by matching the appropriate colored fishing line to the fish.
Children play by placing the appropriate number of candles on each cake.
Children play computer games.
Children play different roles themselves.
Children play dreidel , spinning a top for candy.
Children play field hockey and flag football.
Children play five games against children that have had the same success level on the day.
Children play for play's sake and focus on discovery.
Children play for the fun of playing.
Children play frisbee in bare feet on the grass.
Children play fun games while being immersed in the French language.
Children play fun games while learning the basics of the computer.
Children play games on the Internet rather than play with each other.
Children play games, fashion arts and crafts, and, of course, read stories and listen to stories.
Children play games, practice balancing and work on coordination skills.
Children play games.
Children play ground .
Children play happily in the meadows.
Children play hard at lunch and recess and have difficulty staying out of the sun.
Children play harder when they do and look for ways to run.
Children play here, and they love to climb in and through the figures.
Children play hunting games using toy blowguns and spears to stalk imaginary creatures.
Children play in a custom-made, wooden fort.
Children play in a large, green park.
Children play in a pile of sand on the edge of a street.
Children play in backyards.
Children play in cyber-court.
Children play in fields that serve as public latrines.
Children play in former battlefields that have yet to be de-mined.
Children play in it, dogs play in it, and junk added every week.
Children play in kindergartens and people shop for food at stores nearby.
Children play in many ways.
Children play in pairs to get five beans in a row.
Children play in ponds.
Children play in pools of spilt chemicals.
Children play in shallow waters where the jellyfish tend to stay.
Children play in spring gardens, near a nuclear reactor.
Children play in street and it is a safety hazard.
Children play in the area, wildlife and pets drink from the stream flowing from the dump.
Children play in the ashes that kept the peyote ceremony going just hours before.
Children play in the black snow.
Children play in the carless streets.
Children play in the center of the street.
Children play in the concrete courtyard behind the marble-floored lobby.
Children play in the nearby park, and participate in special family events in the city center.
Children play in the nursery under the care of a paid babysitter and a parent volunteer.
Children play in the nursery under the care of a paid babysitter and parent volunteers.
Children play in the nursery under the care of paid babysitters and parent volunteers.
Children play in the nursery under the care of paid babysitters and volunteers.
Children play in the parks while their parents enjoy music in the fresh air.
Children play in the playground or in their classroom.
Children play in the rippling waves.
Children play in the small plastic pool.
Children play in the streets and open areas.
Children play in the streets, seemingly oblivious to the bad times.
Children play in the streets.
Children play in the swings and slides where the parade ground was located.
Children play in the tree, maybe swinging on the unrooted vines, or playing in the shady area below.
Children play in the water and people carry water up the hill.
Children play in the yards of the perimeter housing.
Children play in the yellow snow.
Children play in their own unique ways to make sense of individual experience.
Children play in their yards or ride their bicycles on the sidewalk.
Children play instruments.
Children play it for nothing.
Children play less creatively with media-linked toys.
Children Play Listing of many traditional games.
Children play many indigenous games using local materials.
Children play many versions of Hide and Seek.
Children play musical instruments.
Children play obvious games.
Children play off ground tig on the sacrifice altar.
Children play on a nearby swing set.
Children play on it, consumers surf for bargains, businesses make millions.
Children play on small teams, in a small area and the rules are ultra-basic.
Children play on swing sets and sit at picnic tables coloring with crayons.
Children play on swings and ride their bicycles.
Children play on the back of the twenty foot tortoise.
Children play on the climber . . .
Children play on the dirt patches outside of their simple cement-block houses.
Children play on the longhouse verandah or in the nearby river.
Children play on the piazza until midnight.
Children play on the riverbank and fish from a bridge.
Children play on the streets at night.
Children play on their front lawns.
Children play outdoors in a courtyard accessible from the classrooms.
Children play outside a rural Colorado home.
Children play outside in all but the worst of weather.
Children play outside their home that now has walls filled with bullet holes.
Children play outside twice daily, weather permitting.
Children play physical, unstructured, non-competitive games.
Children play prominent roles throughout the celebrations.
Children play right on the floor.
Children play roles.
Children play safely in our many parks.
Children play safely on common lawns.
Children play safely.
Children play series are made for young children.
Children play sexually with their own and the opposite sex, and occasionally even with siblings.
Children play soccer and teenagers strum guitars.
Children play soccer between the barricades, moving rocks when necessary to let a car pass.
Children play soccer on a cracked asphalt field littered with broken glass and rusting auto parts.
Children play soccer on the footpath.
Children play sports.
Children play tag.
Children play The children play.
Children play the healthy behavior game using the coloring book handouts.
Children play the roll of scientists and discuss different parts of the pizza.
Children play there as part of their death conditioning.
Children play three rounds of five questions each.
Children play to learn.
Children play together and socialize, and guest speakers are provided for the adults.
Children play together in a nearby field while the adults cheer on their friends and relatives.
Children play together, and they go to class together.
Children play under the care of a paid babysitter and a parent volunteer.
Children play under the care of paid babysitters and parent volunteers.
Children play under the care of paid babysitters and volunteers.
Children play under the streetlights and can hide in the shadows.
Children play vacant-lot games with marbles made of plastic bullets.
Children play while adults visit, read, and relax in the area.
Children play while parents chat.
Children play with a ball on the end of a string, swinging it around and around their head.
Children play with age-appropriate toys according to safety labels.
Children play with balloons and rubber toys.
Children play with computers in many different ways.
Children play with dreidels a nd gifts are exchanged.
Children play with fire for many reasons.
Children play with paints, blocks, swings, games and more at nursery school.
Children play with puppets and flannel boards as they reenact the story.
Children play with sleds in the yard behind the gate.
Children play with toy ciphers and secret languages.
Children play with toys at a table while the teacher cleans up and does diaper changes.
Children play with toys of their choice.
Children play without much adult input.
Children play without the constant danger of being the victim of a random drug related shooting.
Children play without the constunt danger of being the victim of a random drug-related shooting.
Children play, adults talk, and the hours are spent simply enjoying each others' company.
Children play, learn and laugh.
Children play, learn, communicate, make friends, and shop on-line.
Children play, live and learn or, more importantly, discover a want or desire to learn.
Children play, loving the opportunity to play in a new home with a new selection of toys.
Children play, old men drink, and orange taxi-vans are omnipresent.
Children play, young men and women dream and embrace.
Children playground for visitors at the hospital.
Children playing and vandals sometimes change the rotor's arc setting.
Children playing hoop, let it drop with an unheard clatter.
Children playing in a residential area are common.
Children playing in soil can also pick up infection.
Children playing soccer and homeowners working on the lawn add to the serenity of the scene.
Children playing war games learn to make rules, follow rules, and cooperate with others.
Children playing with firearms kill themselves.
Children playing with matches and lighters frequently start house fires.
Children playing with plastic wrappings run the risk of suffocation.
Children playingwith their new toys is a much-anticipated sight for the holiday season.
Children plead for food.
Children plead The temptation to give a pet as a gift around the holidays is everywhere.
Children plead with the sky.
Children plot the places and print or cut out photographs to put on their maps.
Children pluck the orange florets and suck out the copious nectar.
Children point and click with the mouse to discover the function of each object shown in the room.
Children point to a face on the scale that matches how they feel.
Children point to the appropriate picture representing the word or sentence presented.
Children poisoned by mercury can have lower intelligence, impaired hearing and poor coordination.
Children poke their heads out the window, feeling the wind in their eyes.
Children portray the supporting characters by using masks to be made from patterns in the kit.
Children pose questions, hypothesize, explore, and investigate in the spirit of true scientists.
Children pose special issues in the selection of counseling interventions for several reasons.
Children pose unique challenges to the medication use system.
Children possess a healthful measure of happiness.
Children possess natural energy and enthusiasm.
Children possessing singing talent are preferred.
Children pour the sweet tes on the statue and pray.
Children practice a version adapted to their more active nervous systems.
Children practice a word for several lessons before they see it in a story.
Children practice all the time prior to school.
Children practice and perfect their skills daily.
Children practice climb skills.
Children practice growing up by taking healthy risks and stepping beyond their comfort zones.
Children practice identifying events that take place in the morning, afternoon, and evening.
Children practice language and memory skills, and there is the added boost of performing in a group.
Children practice making change in order to run their restaurant.
Children practice making change while they roll dice to earn a one hundred dollar bill.
Children practice mouthing the words that they are learning to speechread.
Children practice on low limbs.
Children practice reading and learn how to read by actually reading.
Children practice reading skills while negotiating a maze in search of objects.
Children practice reading skills.
Children practice reading to each other and go read at their assigned time.
Children practice rhyming words that are related to animals.
Children practice rhyming words that are related to the ocean.
Children practice skills.
Children practice songs to present to the congregation during worship services on special days.
Children practice telling rhyming words that relate to amphibians.
Children practice telling time using both analog and digital time displays.
Children practice their in-class strengthening routines and log their results.
Children practice using their fingers and coordinating their hands and eyes by feeding themselves.
Children practice what they learn in school.
Children practice word building, word grammar and recognition and sentence structure.
Children predict and find out what happens to ice when salt is added.
Children predict how often heads and tales come up when a coin is tossed.
Children prefer a glycerin based tincture or a tea, which can be given two to three times a day.
Children prefer bright colors and interesting textures.
Children prefer dad as a play partner, but more often go to mom in stressful situations.
Children prefer plain dishes.
Children prefer plain, familiar food they can eat with their fingers.
Children prefer television.
Children prefer the public school because most of their friends go there.
Children prefer to be at their friends' house.
Children prefer toys the promote creativity, games that reward problem solving rather than luck.
Children prepare a class presentation or perform a role play about their chosen field of work.
Children prepare a talk on an interesting aspect of whales.
Children prepare foods for sharing with friends.
Children prepare for adventures.
Children prepare for and enjoy family party.
Children prepare for tests.
Children prepare programs to hand out to the audiences at the concerts.
Children prepare projects that are on display in evening festivals.
Children prepare songs and skits, and parades are held.
Children prepare their snack once a week in our kitchen.
Children prepare to return to school.
Children preparing artwork Schedule of activities Please patronize our sponsors.
Children preparing for first communion also prepare for first confession.
Children preschool through sixth grade, educators, parents and grandparents.
Children present another serious concern.
Children present challenges because the parental responsibilities are immediate.
Children present special physiologic challenges to burn care.
Children present their favourite story as a play.
Children present their information to the class.
Children present their songs, dances, artwork and plays for their parents' enjoyment and education.
Children present their work to other groups, explaining what they have done.
Children present two musicals each year.
Children presenting with knee pain always require a thorough examination of the hip.
Children press their fingers on inkpads or in paint then onto paper.
Children pretend so well, it seems, Their minds still full of ancient dreams.
Children pretend to feed and care for their baby dolls.
Children pretend to make the bed.
Children pretend to ride a bike.
Children pretend to stretch rubber bands as they say the sounds in different words.
Children pretend to wet hands, then throw back all but one fish each.
Children prey on parents.
Children primarily express their grief through a. sleep.
Children probably are well aware that it exists.
Children probably feel the effects of pollution at lower levels than adults.
Children probably learn best by having many good sharing experiences over a long period of time.
Children probably top the charts.
Children proceed through a variety of stages following a trauma.
Children process the messages they receive in the context of their value systems.
Children process what they see on television differently than adults.
Children proclaim a simple creed integrated with the readings of the day.
Children produce a film and receive a video keepsake of their work.
Children produce a school newspaper for the noticeboard.
Children produce and broadcast their own programmes.
Children produce babbling and jargon with adults, toys, in bed, etc .
Children produce lines of wavy scribbles.
Children profit from travel because it increases their awareness of their world.
Children progress according to their ability and all their achievements are acknowledged.
Children progress along the continuum from easier to more difficult material at their own rates.
Children progress at an individual pace to explore and discover their own physical capabilities.
Children progress at different levels, especially during the early years.
Children progress at their own pace.
Children progress at their own rates, and each child is unique.
Children progress from a concrete to an abstract understanding of quantity and symbols.
Children progress from blowing bubbles in the water, to kicking and trying the crawl stroke.
Children progress from one level to another as they master required skills.
Children progress quickly if they are in the class that suits their age and ability.
Children progress through graded handbooks working individually and together with their leader.
Children progress through predictable stages and their needs and behaviors change over time.
Children progress through stages in their development.
Children progress through the correct levels and learn as they go.
Children progress through the curriculum at their own pace, individualizing a child's learning.
Children progress through the curriculum at their own pace.
Children progress through the four periods in the same order, but at very different rates.
Children progress through the same stage of development at same rates independent of their culture.
Children project their fear onto someone or some force outside themselves.
Children propagate plants and gather herbs from the garden to make sachets and moth repellents.
Children propose explanations and solutions, and build a store of concepts.
Children propose to solve the city's problems by peaceful means.
Children Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important.
Children prove love by being obedient and an absence of obedience brings true love into question.
Children provide a means of income, work, and support to women and families.
Children provide a perfect excuse to intervene in the lives of many people.
Children provide an object l es son as powerful negotiators.
Children provide cheap labour and submit to abusive situations.
Children provide h urine samples.
Children provide information.
Children provide samples.
Children provide spiritual sustenance.
Children provide such a wonderful opportunity for story ideas with their spontaneity and honesty.
Children provide sustenance.
Children provide the household's labor force and ensure the future of the lineage.
Children provides tips to keep kids safe while using the Internet.
Children provoke sexual abuse by their seductive behavior.
Children pull tabs to discover that one close-up color image changes into another.
Children punch a hole at the end of each card so it can hang on a piece of yarn.
Children punctuate the paragraph.
Children purposely injure each other.
Children pursue life, and in doing so, pursue knowledge.
Children pursue research projects to meet class needs and personal interests.
Children push pom poms into the appropriate can.
Children qualify for a card as soon as they are old enough to write their full name.
Children qualify for acceptance into the program based on lack of financial access.
Children question departing Israeli soldiers on redeployment day.
Children quickly become distressed if they have to ask and wait for help.
Children quickly develop into key members of society.
Children quickly forget that an adult is moving the puppet.
Children quickly learn from older siblings in their family or from friends that they look up to.
Children quickly learn that answers frequently lead to more questions, and further inquiry.
Children quickly learn that no matter how hard they try, they can never be the best.
Children quickly learn the benefits of the exercises.
Children quickly learn the effectiveness of tantrums.
Children quickly learn their way around the two-story structure.
Children quickly learn they can attract attention by accepting or rejecting food.
Children quickly learn to adjust their schedules to maximize time with their loved ones.
Children quickly learn to discern the difference.
Children quickly pick up on what is most valuable to their parents.
Children race down the hall to the computers when it is their turn.
Children race from one toy to the next, eyes bulging.
Children race through the street.
Children raise animals.
Children raise butterflies and mealworms to observe the life cycle of insects.
Children raise in homes.
Children raise it to an art form.
Children raise money by taking pledges and then taking a math quiz.
Children raise questions.
Children raise their hands and get to ask any questions they wish to the musicians.
Children raised by gay or lesbian parents are more likely to grow up gay themselves.
Children raised by parents at home do better in a number of ways than kids put in day care centers.
Children raised by widowed mothers do better than children raised by other single mothers.
Children range from beginner to national level competitors.
Children range in age from birth to eighteen years of age.
Children range in age from birth to six years.
Children range in age from elementary to high school .
Children range in age from infancy to five years, or kindergarten entrance.
Children range in age from newborn on up, and so do the types of books and styles of reading.
Children range in age from newborn to eight years old.
Children range in age from pre-school to college.
Children range in age from two weeks to six years of age.
Children rank last when it comes to collecting the toys.
Children rapidly learn to recognize their own and others' first initial.
Children rarelylie about sexual abuse.
Children rate only applies when accompanied by a premium paying adult.
Children re to be accompanied by an adult.
Children reach adolescence.
Children reach adulthood.
Children reach early adolescence.
Children reach for and show interest in table foods.
Children reach full height potential.
Children reach full potential.
Children reach height.
Children reach in and describe what they feel.
Children reach into the treasure box and determine the letters and words they feel inside.
Children reach maturity.
Children reach potential.
Children reach puberty.
Children reach stages.
Children reach their full potential.
Children reaching their reading goals receive a free ticket.
Children react both by withdrawing, physically and socially, and by acting aggressively.
Children react differently to separation.
Children react differently yet similarly in divorce.
Children react in different ways.
Children react in very different ways.
Children react just as adults do.
Children react rather than consider.
Children react to food.
Children react to loss and grief differently from adults.
Children react to pheromones.
Children react to robots the same way they react to large dogs.
Children react to stress at their own developmental level.
Children react to stress in different ways.
Children react to the change in their family in different ways.
Children read a book picked by the teacher and artist.
Children read a lengthy word problem, and then perform a pencil and paper explanation.
Children read a lot of meaning from an adult's face.
Children read a novel and meet for snacks and a lively discussion.
Children read a story, then answer math-related questions.
Children read a variety of nonfiction articles.
Children read a word and then find words within the original word.
Children read actions better than words.
Children read and are read to on a daily basis.
Children read and re-read their work and the work of other children.
Children read and write before they learn the detailed rules.
Children read and write the words correctly every time.
Children read books about mittens .
Children read books and explored facts about all kinds of insects.
Children read books and play.
Children read books and progress through seven achievement stations.
Children read books offline and take online quizzes to earn points and prizes.
Children read books to reach their individually-set goals.
Children read books to the class.
Children read books, answer questions and earn points toward prizes.
Children read books.
Children read certain books with color-coded labels indicating the readability level.
Children read chapter and then go back and list the wishes and results.
Children read environmental print when choosing the accessories or software programs on the desktop.
Children read few good books.
Children read for enjoyment.
Children read good books.
Children read lines from a script as they manipulate the puppets.
Children read more when they see other people reading at school and at home.
Children read more when they see other people reading.
Children read newly printed textbooks illustrated with maps that show no Israel.
Children read often and for extended periods of time.
Children read or look at books for a number of different reasons.
Children read or tell their stories to the whole class.
Children read out loud for a half hour and participate in an activity for the other half hour.
Children read simple directions and then write a response.
Children read stories aloud to groups making sure they stop reading before the end.
Children read stories to their babies.
Children read stories.
Children read texts differently than do adults, and they also like different texts than do adults.
Children read the music, interpret it and refine the music they are playing.
Children read the wiki, yes.
Children read there.
Children read to help others, learn social responsibility and good citizenship.
Children read, or are read to, for twenty minutes each night depending on grade level.
Children readily add words that they hear to their vocabulary.
Children readily can identify the number of syllables in a spoken word.
Children realize that they look different from their parents in all sorts of ways.
Children really ARE different today.
Children really are more likely to get sick at holiday times.
Children really benefit from using the computer during class research projects.
Children really benefit when there are more adults around.
Children really brighten up a household.
Children really do respond.
Children really do understand priorities.
Children really enjoy acting out the directions.
Children really enjoy the experience and talk about it for years.
Children really enjoy their parents visiting their classroom and seeing how they progress.
Children really enjoy watching the tiny ferns and mosses living in the bottle.
Children really enjoy watching the train blow bubbles.
Children really flourish with structure.
Children really have no notion.
Children really like and prefer a shared physical custody arrangement.
Children really like their group and build close relationships within that group.
Children really look forward to the time spent on projects.
Children really love puzzles that have bright colors.
Children really love the livestock exhibits and the petting zoo.
Children really love to apply stickers.
Children really love to feel that they can do things.
Children rear crayfish and spiders, watch flatworms distinguish between light and dark, and more.
Children recall all the things the girl in the story can do.
Children receive a booklet which they take home and mark the number of hours they read.
Children receive a booster injection before they start school.
Children receive a certificate and a bag of goodies.
Children receive a complete oral examination, polishing and individual oral hygiene instruction.
Children receive a free book.
Children receive a gift on each of the eight nights of Hanukkah.
Children receive a good education, particularly in northeast Mississippi, and it s improving.
Children receive a great deal of individual attention from our staff.
Children receive a hot lunch and there is a consulting doctor available if necessary.
Children receive a large daily dose of pesticides from indoor air and dust.
Children receive a log book when they register.
Children receive a lot of antibiotics.
Children receive a lot of immunities and are generally healthier if they are breastfed.
Children receive a new book with each visit.
Children receive a nose puppet after the show.
Children receive a nutritious meal and snack each day.
Children receive a nutritious snack and participate in various off-campus field trips.
Children receive a physical exam and developmental assessment at every visit.
Children receive a quality education within a Christian program.
Children receive a reading log to keep track of the books they read.
Children receive a safe form of the polio virus so that their body develops antibodies to the virus.
Children receive a snack and choice of beverage, daily.
Children receive a special allowance called otoshidama from parents, relatives, and other adults.
Children receive a special skills certificate.
Children receive a split-dose vaccine.
Children receive a start in life that is dead-ended by violence and abuse.
Children receive a sticker and certificate for attending.
Children receive a swimming certificate at the end of the year.
Children receive a thorough education.
Children receive a T-shirt after attending their fourth practice.
Children receive a weekly salary and also earn buckoes for certain activities.
Children receive a weekly salary and also earn buckoes for various activities.
Children receive a wonderful start for social, educational and spiritual development.
Children receive additional literacy instruction on a daily basis.
Children receive an activity book, sticker and pencil.
Children receive an adult share.
Children receive an interdisciplinary evaluation.
Children receive attention.
Children receive awards and certificates for their work.
Children receive baskets filled with decorated eggs, candy, and small toys from the Easter bunny.
Children receive blank copies of the same organizers for their use.
Children receive both individual and group treatment.
Children receive carbohydrates.
Children receive care.
Children receive class instruction from a teacher who works in the hospital.
Children receive comprehensive treatment and services.
Children receive counseling and referrals and are turned over to their parents.
Children receive daily instruction in music, art, dance or drama.
Children receive daily intervention designed to promote growth in all areas of development.
Children receive diets.
Children receive discounts for both dinner and the movie.
Children receive encouragement when they see that their faith expressions are taken seriously.
Children receive experience.
Children receive flu vaccine experience.
Children receive fluoride in a tray through their early teens.
Children receive food.
Children receive free picture with Santa.
Children receive gifts from their parents and spend special time with their families.
Children receive gifts, usually crisp new notes of money.
Children receive greater love and caring.
Children receive half of their DNA from each of their parents.
Children receive half of their DNA from their mother and half from their father.
Children receive hands-on experience as they practice their readiness, motor and social skills.
Children receive help before they fall too far behind.
Children receive help overcoming their fears.
Children receive incentives through a fun point system that are redeemable for useful gifts.
Children receive individual attention from their caregivers.
Children receive individual attention, as teachers watch over each child's progress.
Children receive individual instruction in an acoustically conducive classroom environment.
Children receive individual or small group services as needed.
Children receive individual, one on one, attention.
Children receive informative and detailed narrative reports each twelve weeks.
Children receive inheritance.
Children receive instruction in physical education daily, and in art and music each twice weekly.
Children receive instruction on computers.
Children receive instruction, food, and clothing.
Children receive literacy and developmentally appropriate activities based on current research.
Children receive lucky money, candy and fruit from the elders.
Children receive meals, a club t-shirt a fun pack including arcade tokens, and more.
Children receive messages about food and nutrition from television and food packaging.
Children receive mixed messages about the value of honesty.
Children receive money in red envelopes for future prosperity.
Children receive more individual attention and assistance with extra adults in the classroom.
Children receive more individualized classroom instruction.
Children receive most of their immunizations between birth and five years.
Children receive new clothing, eat luxurious meals, got new toys, and enjoy firecraker displays.
Children receive new school supplies.
Children receive new winter coats and toys.
Children receive non-verbal messages about sex in particular.
Children receive nutritional counseling and information about lead.
Children receive one to two hours of instruction per week.
Children receive one-half of their caffeine from soft drinks.
Children receive ongoing treatment and follow-up care from the staff in a professional setting.
Children receive paper, pencils and other supplies necessary to begin the school year.
Children receive permission to grieve from adults.
Children receive permission to mourn from adults.
Children receive personal attention designed to encourage their growth as unique human beings.
Children receive personalized science kits including lessons and materials.
Children receive physical exams and health education on how to properly manage their asthma.
Children receive pledges for their walk.
Children receive positive feedback throughout, as well as gentle reminders when necessary.
Children receive positive responses to their attempts.
Children receive practical education from their parents at a very early age.
Children receive praise, positive notes, free time, special activities, and other rewards.
Children receive privileges in school based upon their behavior as recorded on the card.
Children receive products.
Children receive psychiatric and physical evaluations.
Children receive quick feedback, so they stay interested.
Children receive reassurance from books in their own rapidly changing world.
Children receive red envelopes filled with money.
Children receive red envelopes with a little money enclosed.
Children receive report cards at the end of each term.
Children receive rewards.
Children receive safe food.
Children receive similar packages to mothers.
Children receive similar treament but with two exceptions.
Children receive solid food.
Children receive specific instructions in improving reading, writing and overall literacy.
Children receive sponsor packets, parent letter and incentives sheet.
Children receive support from significant people.
Children receive tetanus vaccine in combination with the pertussis and diphtheria vaccine.
Children receive the added benefit of having parents who are also students.
Children receive the adult baggage allowance.
Children receive the dose.
Children receive the gift of an age appropriate book at their one year and three year check-ups.
Children receive the greatest benefit from having sealants applied to newly erupted permanent teeth.
Children receive the Kingdom of God with simple wonder and uncomplicated faith.
Children receive the support and encouragement they deserve.
Children receive their first exposures while in their mother's womb.
Children receive their mother s and father s attention and love, which the children reciprocate.
Children receive their own cards when their applications are signed by a parent or guardian.
Children receive their presents during street festivals.
Children receive their routine immunizations at the health station.
Children receive therapy and attend school within the program, and return home each evening.
Children receive therapy in a colorful multi-level area resembling a game board.
Children receive therapy.
Children receive three hours of instruction daily, mostly from unpaid, volunteer teachers.
Children receive training and support to become as independent as possible in their communities.
Children receive treatments.
Children receive two cleanings and two exams each enrollment year.
Children receive vaccines.
Children receive vitamins along with nutritious meals and snacks at our childcare centers.
Children receive water instruction at least one forty minute-period per week.
Children receive with developmentally appropriate art materials for their own creations.
Children receiving special education services also receive a yearly hearing screening.
Children recieve a named present, drink and bun.
Children recieve more from breast and bottle feeding than mere nutrition.
Children recite Bible verses to pass goal cards each week.
Children recognize distinct domains of value.
Children recognize feelings of unfairness all too well.
Children recognize insincere compliments.
Children recognize language before they can speak.
Children recognize supportive coparenting and everyone benefits from it.
Children recognize that there are differences between boys and girls.
Children recognize that wolves do like to eat young pigs.
Children recognize the difference between fantasy and reality.
Children recognize the extra effort of concerned volunteers.
Children recognize the words because of the associated visual images.
Children recognize their own experiences in the paradigms presented in fairy tales.
Children record the bugs they find on the diagram.
Children record the fruit and vegetables they eat over a a week.
Children record their findings on a chart showing the seasons and typical weather patterns.
Children record their findings.
Children record their guestimations on a tablet that has been placed beside the bottle.
Children record their thoughts during the week in journals they make themselves.
Children recover more quickly than adults .
Children recover more quickly than adults from any injury.
Children recover more quickly than adults.
Children recover, but the virus can multiply and survive in the body.
Children recovering from hypospadias repair usually experience some soreness.
Children recuperate in a pleasant environment, with mom and dad by their side.
Children reduce women's job experience and interrupt their careers.
Children reenact Bible stories.
Children refine and apply phonics in writing.
Children refine swimming and diving skills.
Children refine the thermic sense through exercises of pairing and grading of the Thermic Bottles.
Children reflect how parents and teachers react to the news.
Children reflect on their discoveries about deserts, rainforests, oceans, and forests.
Children reflect the atmosphere of the home.
Children reflect the attitude, practice and commitment that their parents manifest.
Children reflect the manners of their homes.
Children refuse to be politically correct.
Children refuse to go to bed, watching the night together.
Children refusing corporal punishment are subject to suspension.
Children regard such knowledge as self-evident.
Children register for a minimum of one week.
Children register for the program by signing up at their local libraries.
Children register for the program when the chemically dependent person is admitted for treatment.
Children register their books on the book logs kept at the desk.
Children regularly participate in dance, music, and competitive events.
Children regularly participate in fire drills and practice safety measures to prevent injuries.
Children regularly perform their work in school assemblies.
Children regularly play in the gym or on the playground in the afternoon as well.
Children regularly spend time unsupervised at home, looking for objects of interest.
Children regularly take part in clean-up campaigns and project work on environment.
Children reinforce their Christian education through the songs they sing.
Children reinvent themselves all the time.
Children rejoin their families for communion and for the concluding part of the service.
Children rejoin their parents for communion.
Children relate colors to objects in their environment.
Children relate to tales of sibling rivalry or the love between parent and child.
Children relate to the realistic and colorful illustrations.
Children relax and forget their worries when they play.
Children release butterflies.
Children release tension through play.
Children rely extensively on adults fo rinterpretation.
Children rely heavily on parents, to be sure.
Children rely on adults for protection and guidance.
Children rely on parents to learn about themselves.
Children rely on the compassion and expertise of adults to make appropriate clinical decisions.
Children remain children, whether they are young or old.
Children remain disproportionately represented among the poor.
Children remain in a secure environment and become independent at a comfortable pace.
Children remain in existence.
Children remain in the care of the primary teacher throughout the morning.
Children remain in the custody of their parents.
Children remain in the program until testing indicates they can return to their class.
Children remain in the same room with the same children.
Children remain on of the most vulnerable segments of the population.
Children remain our most commonly exposed age group, although usually with benign effects.
Children remain selfish a quality that confers cowardice and foolishness .
Children remain with parents.
Children remain with the same teacher for more than one year.
Children remain with the same teacher for two years.
Children remaining in foster care longer than necessary is detrimental.
Children remember and replay hurtful comments to themselves for years.
Children remember death for a long time and from a young age.
Children remember stories of all kinds.
Children remember the categories by associating the cartoon characters that host each section.
Children Remember to include children when making disaster preparations.
Children remember what is humorous.
Children remove or put a collar on a dog.
Children repeat actions that give some measure of reward.
Children repeat adventures.
Children repeat after the teacher before trying to find the matching card.
Children repeat measurements to check accuracy.
Children repeat tasks.
Children repeat the process until the paper is covered with holly leaves.
Children repeat the two characters that rhyme.
Children repeat the words of the song, verse by verse.
Children replace outdoor physical activity with TV because of unsafe streets and urbanization.
Children replicate what they see on TV and hockey violence is no different.
Children report being sadder in winter and happier in the summer.
Children report the most stress when parents fight or lose control.
Children report the past and foreshadow the future.
Children report to parents, caregivers, and educators.
Children report to the cafeteria as soon as school is dismissed.
Children reportedly eat the young shoots in the Spring, after removing the fibrous, spiny layer.
Children represent a large portion of the Internet community.
Children represent another sensitive segment of the population.
Children represent our future, and they have a right to expect to grow up happy and safe.
Children represent shape variability differently than adults.
Children represent the future.
Children represent the largest group of people who go hungry in the United States.
Children representing each letter of the alphabet prepare for the first day of school.
Children require a general anesthetic.
Children require a gentle, calming touch.
Children require a lot of rest and good nutrition.
Children require a manageable mix of structured and unstructured fun.
Children require a separate passport.
Children require a volume in proportion to their body size.
Children require adequate nutrition for growth and development.
Children require and deserve a great deal of attention and energy, particularly when they are young.
Children require approaches.
Children require attention-grabbing cues.
Children require both nurturing and admonition.
Children require boundaries in order to feel safe.
Children require calories.
Children require care.
Children require careful consideration.
Children require constant care and attention.
Children require extra attention when it comes to diabetic meal planning.
Children require frequent meals and snacks to meet all of their nutritional needs.
Children require guidance and sympathy far more than instruction.
Children require help from adults if they are to overcome serious peer relationship problems.
Children require intake.
Children require large print with a noticeable space between the words.
Children require love.
Children require many things from parents.
Children require more calories.
Children require opportunities for exploration to promote good health.
Children require permission to visit their families on the stations.
Children require personalize approaches.
Children require plenty of sleep.
Children require quality early childhood education to succeed in elementary school and beyond.
Children require several years of protected space.
Children require special training.
Children require strategies.
Children require structure and age appropriate responsibilities.
Children require structure and age-appropriate responsibilities.
Children require their father's permission to travel.
Children require vitamins.
Children requiring oxygen often are difficult to feed and feedings take a longer time.
Children research ideas about why whales beach themselves.
Children resemble parents.
Children resemble their parents because they inherit traits from each parent.
Children resemble their parents.
Children reside in homes.
Children reside in orphanages or foster care.
Children reside in orphanages, and have been relinquished for adoption.
Children reside with their parents until marriage.
Children residing in one-parent families are primary recipients of the service.
Children resonate with fairness.
Children respect parents who provide reasonable but firm limits, backed by firm and fair responses.
Children respect straightforward, truthful, and simple answers.
Children respect the rules that they make of themselves.
Children respect their fathers, and servants respect their masters.
Children respect their parents.
Children respond best to a routine.
Children respond best to consistent, clear, gentle and timely reminders.
Children respond best to love and acceptance.
Children respond best when parents are confident in their role and comfortable with their choices.
Children respond best when they are rewarded for their efforts.
Children respond best when they understand why something is being done.
Children respond better to pictures, drawings and tables that use color to display information.
Children respond better when they see their parents reading and enjoying books as well.
Children respond differently and have different needs at different ages.
Children respond differently to parenting approaches and differently to intervention approaches.
Children respond differently to various discipline strategies or techniques.
Children respond enthusiastically to fresh, farm direct food.
Children respond enthusiastically to storytelling by parents, grandparents, neighbors, and teachers.
Children respond far better to praise and compliments than to criticism and punishment.
Children respond favorably to music that is familiar.
Children respond favorably to the colorful stimulus materials.
Children respond in interesting ways to what they see in parents.
Children respond more readily to a pleasant song than to demanding statements.
Children respond more readily to specifics.
Children respond much quicker to positive demands than negative ones.
Children respond positively toward food.
Children respond quickly to natural therapies.
Children respond quickly to safe and gentle natural remedies.
Children respond quickly, while adults with longstanding spinal problems heal more slowly.
Children respond sympathetically to other children in pain.
Children respond through active participation and cooperation.
Children respond to banner ads that are colorful and simple.
Children respond to being needed, just as adults.
Children respond to caffeine as do adults, according to a number of studies.
Children respond to classmates.
Children respond to correction with claims of rights abuse.
Children respond to discipline when it is meted out with love.
Children respond to exposure to violence in various ways.
Children respond to good stories, strong stories, despite their sex.
Children respond to high ideals and moral truth.
Children respond to illness and injuries differently from adults.
Children respond to limits that are real priorities for parents.
Children respond to loss in different ways.
Children respond to love and care.
Children respond to most task demands in an aerobic manner.
Children respond to music with no inhibitions.
Children respond to music, even before they are born.
Children respond to pain in many different ways.
Children respond to pain in others.
Children respond to play therapy and the creative arts when grieving.
Children respond to qualities of fun and joy.
Children respond to repetition almost innately, and they respond to rhythm and rhyme naturally.
Children respond to rhyme at a very early age.
Children respond to rules.
Children respond to sight and sound more than logic and plot.
Children respond to stimulants the same way adults do.
Children respond to the beauty in mundane things like flowers to sunlight.
Children respond to the death of a loved one differently than adults.
Children respond to the music and move their bodies.
Children respond to the new sound created by cochlear implant with a variety of responses.
Children respond to the problem in a number of ways.
Children respond to the sense of fun and also to the uplifting message of the show.
Children respond to their parents voices.
Children respond to their parents' voices.
Children respond to their total environment.
Children respond to thoughts.
Children respond to trauma in many different ways.
Children respond to traumatic situations with intense fear, helplessness or horror.
Children respond to violence in many different ways.
Children respond very well to oils and teas, and they truly benefit from the healing art of massage.
Children respond very well to reflexology.
Children respond well to more reading.
Children respond well to our encouragement and praise for their good choices.
Children respond well to songs and music they know.
Children respond well to stories, visualization, imaginative games and other simple tools.
Children respond well when treated with fairness and respect.
Children respond with appropriate number of fingers.
Children respond with confidence, joy and fulfillment.
Children respond with delight to the sounds, rhythms and melodies of words.
Children respond with enthusiasm.
Children rest and nap for one to two hours after lunch.
Children rest head to toe.
Children rest on mats in the four corners of the hall.
Children retain information much longer when they learn it with music.
Children retain knowledge best when learned over a period of days, instead of all at once.
Children retain more when they're having fun, so our programs emphasize learning through play.
Children retain something of the regimented wraiths of Victorian schoolyards.
Children retain spelling knowledge best when they use their new words in reading and writing.
Children retain the card until entering ninth grade when an adult card is issued.
Children retain what they learn from meaningful experiences.
Children retell the rhyme, inserting the name of their favourite cake.
Children return carrying or or two boxes whatever it takes to carry the manger set.
Children return for final half an hour for story reading and computer mapping skills.
Children return for programming every two weeks for the first three months.
Children return from lunch.
Children return homes.
Children return the book and their response each week, and choose a new book.
Children return the completed booklets to the fair.
Children return the next day to find their robot animated but permanently glum.
Children return their library books and check out new books.
Children return to a school that is brighter, fresher, and readied for the school year.
Children return to households.
Children return to parental households.
Children return to school.
Children return to the assembly as the gifts are being presented.
Children return to the sanctuary for the closing of worship, including communion on first Sundays.
Children return to their classrooms ready to focus on learning.
Children return to their parents during the presentation of gifts in the liturgy.
Children return to their parents in time for the offertory procession.
Children reveal their own particular temperament from birth onward.
Children reveal their preference for a particular way of learning in the first few months of life.
Children revere what their parents dislike and throw away.
Children review of mixing primary colors to create secondary colors.
Children revisit their grief as they mature.
Children ride bicycles.
Children ride bikes and play with balls.
Children ride buses to and from their homes.
Children ride buses under a bus-pass system.
Children ride for half price.
Children ride in classes of two to three riders, grouped according to age and riding experience.
Children ride in the center of the canoe.
Children ride on the right with traffic.
Children ride their bikes on paths and gardeners hack away at weeds.
Children ride yellow school buses to large brick and concrete buildings, where they meet year-round.
Children riding bikes and playing with their pets also are common sights.
Children riding by bus go to the front of the school.
Children riding with an impaired driver are even less likely to be buckled up.
Children riding with an impaired driver are much less likely to be buckled up.
Children rightly deserve the dignity that accompanies being capable of fulfilling a meaningful task.
Children rise to reclaim their childhood.
Children risk developmental disadvantage.
Children risk serious injury from the powerful flow.
Children roast green gram, potato and other things in the bon fire for their picnic.
Children roll a die ten times and record the number of times each number comes up.
Children roll a pine cone in the peanut butter and then in bird seed.
Children roll away old tires.
Children roll on the lawn and skin their knees on the grass.
Children roll over, sit alone, crawl and walk at different times and ages.
Children roll the correct sum using dice to dress the paper doll kid.
Children roll the drop to the edge of plate with a craft stick.
Children roll through brown paint and then onto yellow paper.
Children romp in the plaza.
Children romp safely in our park like setting.
Children rotate through visual arts, drama, and rhythm and dance sessions.
Children routinely attend cockfights and learn that violence against animals is acceptable and fun.
Children routinely learn fire safety prevention, bicycle safety, personal safety and citizenship.
Children routinely receive four or five vaccines in one needle.
Children run a higher risk for infection than do adults.
Children run about naked and the people are as uncivilised as a Fijian mountaineer.
Children run about the frigid room, they dance with smiles on their faces.
Children run across the stage in party hats and stand in for the regimental showing of the colors.
Children run after the car, laughing.
Children run among headstones, play hide and seek.
Children run and clamor, eating and enjoying a rich array of tacos, turkey legs, gorditas and love.
Children run and play underfoot.
Children run and play while elders are courteously assisted.
Children run and scream in the background.
Children run around and play.
Children run around tables of Mexican sweet bread, juice and coffee.
Children run around without shoes or adequate clothing.
Children run away from oppressive and degrading treatment, only to be brought back again and again.
Children run away.
Children run back and forth taunting the blaze with yells and cheers and arms full of wood.
Children run barefoot in the streets, begging for food.
Children run for their mothers.
Children run freely down the bumpy streets.
Children run from house to house, unaccompanied by their parents and unaccosted by strangers.
Children run from one gift shop to another, their parents trying desperately to keep up.
Children run gleefully among the heavy crowd, laughing and playing.
Children run in all directions making war hoots.
Children run in and out of houses playing various games with their friends.
Children run into the street scrambling for candy, etc.
Children run on the plaza, couples linger in front of the monument.
Children run through sucking fatback rinds.
Children run through the street's miasma of dust.
Children run to gather the sweets while mother pulls in a large basket of gifts left outside.
Children run to mommy or daddy.
Children run up and down with sparklers and fire crackers.
Children run, fight, and work everywhere on the site.
Children run, fish swim, stars shine .
Children run, jump, climb, skate, bike . . . and fall, crash, slam and bump.
Children running by to play on the swings and slides suddenly stop and listen to the magical sounds.
Children rush home to help, but it is no use.
Children rush in.
Children rush out into the fresh air and bright sunlight on their way to various destinations.
Children s also offers interpretative services.
Children s Food Pyramid Eating out is part of most family s routine.
Children s serving sizes are smaller than adults.
Children sail toy boats in two round fountains along the broad path.
Children save the rain forest.
Children say funny things.
Children say it is easier to hear other children, and easier to pay attention in the classroom.
Children say it is easy to buy cigarettes.
Children say letter.
Children say strange things.
Children say that watching television is their favorite after school activity.
Children say the darndest things.
Children say the darnedest things.
Children say the funniest things .
Children say their prayers and go to bed.
Children say they worry because they care, but also because their parents are very stressed.
Children say what kind of food they like or dislike.
Children say what they like about their favourite one.
Children say what they think.
Children scamper about and old men sit in the sun and tell stories.
Children scamper through the marble jet fountains, dodging bursts of water.
Children scheduled during the noon hours bring their own sack lunches.
Children scoop out a bunch and place in sequential order.
Children scoop out the middle of their bananas with a spoon.
Children scramble as candy flies through the air.
Children scramble in the sand for pennies.
Children scream and old people faint.
Children scream instructions and warnings to the mouse.
Children scurry about and play with the silver baptismal basin.
Children search for a fish hiding in the pictures.
Children search for different leaves and make rubbings.
Children search for information.
Children search for moms.
Children search for the best spot to build a nest and then try to build one.
Children search for their father through space and time.
Children search for wildlife at the nature center.
Children secrete things, adopt ruses, or act lies.
Children see a movie on the history of the fort and tour the museum, visitor's center, and fort.
Children see a negative image of themselves in the news.
Children see a screen with a blank white picture frame in the middle.
Children see a violent response to structural or political problems as the 'only' choice.
Children see adults forgiving each other, and they learn forgiveness.
Children see adults.
Children see all but know little.
Children see and feel everything.
Children see and they remember differences between stated principles and demonstrated action.
Children see and understand more than adults do and our voice is more sincere.
Children see animals as peers.
Children see approaches.
Children see cars and airplanes as animals and birds.
Children See children of husband.
Children see drugs as less risky.
Children see how and why carry over takes place.
Children see how our earth was once a big continent by actually piecing it together themselves.
Children see if parents are leading a lift of faith, really loving each other.
Children see it already happening.
Children see it as grown-up writing.
Children see it, say it, then read it.
Children see mathematicians as fat nerds.
Children See next generation .
Children see parents.
Children see people shoeing horses and making barrels.
Children see physicians.
Children see plenty of examples of well-formed letters every day.
Children see quality in news coverage Children have faith in the news media.
Children see right through adults' priorities.
Children see special videos and make a gift for their new baby.
Children see summaries.
Children see that teamwork means that everyone works together and everyone benefits in the end.
Children see the concrete connection between the word and the object.
Children see the namespace of it's parent application.
Children see the news on TV and hear adults talk.
Children see the pictures and print up close, ask questions, and make comments.
Children see the process of creating the setting, plot, characters, and having tension in the story.
Children see the road differently from adults.
Children see the world differently from adults.
Children see the world differently than adults do.
Children see the world through creative and imaginative eyes.
Children see their families as special or privileged.
Children see their parents act, and then act like their parents.
Children see their parents as all knowing and the most important people in the childs life.
Children see their parents as infallible.
Children see their parents or others smoke and handle matches and lighters.
Children see themselves as half of each parent.
Children see themselves as independent, life long learners.
Children see themselves as reflected in their parents' eyes.
Children see things as a process.
Children see things just as they are.
Children see things primarily from their own perspective.
Children see things primarily from their own perspectives.
Children see things straight.
Children see things, untainted, pure, and open-minded.
Children see thousands of murders on TV alone.
Children see thousands of murders on TV and in movies and on the news.
Children see thousands of TV murders every year.
Children see through false praise immediately.
Children see through such pretensions.
Children see through that.
Children see toy weapons as symbols of power and strength.
Children see trips to museums, parks and playgrounds as adventures.
Children see violence in their schools, their neighborhoods, and their homes.
Children see what adults do and incorporate that into their play.
Children see what their parents do and imitate it.
Children see what's packed in each other's lunches.
Children see, children do.
Children see, hear, and feel the pain of loss yet their grief is often unacknowledged.
Children see, hear, and imitate.
Children seek approval for the things that they do, especially from their parents.
Children seek birds.
Children seek out environments compatible with their genotypes.
Children seek parental approval.
Children seek reassurance as well as information.
Children seek to meet early developmental needs in three types of selfobject relationships.
Children seem aimless, bored, angry or frustrated or there are too many children to supervise.
Children seem happy, comfortable, involved with caregivers and each other.
Children seem involved in constructive activities and they get individual attention.
Children seem less and less prepared for school.
Children seem less burdened by knowing the conclusions to stories than adults do.
Children seem more severely affected and more often involved in life-threatening cases.
Children seem precocious and extroverted, meeting people easily.
Children seem prone to throat problems.
Children seem secure, happy and peaceful in their classrooms, in the halls, and on the playground.
Children seem so much more vulnerable than adults.
Children seem to accept vegetables raw better that cooked.
Children seem to always get in trouble when they're having fun.
Children seem to be able to learn more when their parents use a ping pong style.
Children seem to be able to see pictures, text, and even symbols with only their fingers.
Children seem to be drawn to beautiful and interesting plants, and they enjoy being outdoors.
Children seem to be especially vulnerable.
Children seem to be greatly susceptible to the toxic effects of pesticides.
Children seem to be overwhelmed by the impracticality of it all.
Children seem to be particularly at risk.
Children seem to be trained by our culture to do things in particular patterns.
Children seem to be uncomfortable in approaching parents with sex issues.
Children seem to be willing to participate in non-ordinary events like festivals.
Children seem to come with an innate rapport with other creatures.
Children seem to construct a relationship with the deceased that evolves and changes as time passes.
Children seem to develop an awareness of emotional expressions extremely young.
Children seem to develop their favorite spots over time.
Children seem to disobey everyone in authority, teachers as well as parents.
Children seem to enjoy fantasy and make-believe.
Children seem to form sentences with nouns and verbs.
Children seem to get more in the hair, which can be horrendously difficult to spot.
Children seem to gravitate towards water.
Children seem to grow out of everything, including wheelchairs.
Children seem to grow up just fine, whether they sleep in a crib or in a family bed.
Children seem to have a capacity to quickly grasp chess.
Children seem to have a keen interest in the ocean.
Children seem to have a natural enhanced sense that pornography is lying around somewhere.
Children seem to have become that something.
Children seem to have difficulty in using language to label objects.
Children seem to have little knowledge about the world they live in.
Children seem to have more fears than older people.
Children seem to have more rapid changes in bone density.
Children seem to have temper tantrums most often when they are overtired, hungry or very excited.
Children seem to have temper tantrums most often when they are overtired, hungry, or very excited.
Children seem to know exactly where everything is kept.
Children seem to know that truth better than grown-ups sometimes.
Children seem to learn faster with interactive multimedia education kits.
Children seem to learn firesafety from sparky very easily.
Children seem to learn the most when they are younger.
Children seem to learn the rules of literate events through guided participation.
Children seem to like it a lot.
Children seem to like the idea of playing on a boat, and some actually recognize it as one.
Children seem to matter more elsewhere.
Children seem to naturally have active imaginations.
Children seem to notice what is more observable and ask questions.
Children seem to outgrow their dependence on the teacher as they mature.
Children seem to prefer stories that they have never heard or stories that they know very well.
Children seem to show a higher susceptibility and a more abrupt onset of symptoms than adults.
Children seem to start out as essentialists.
Children seem to thrive in a home environment.
Children seem to thrive when discipline is firm but caring.
Children seem to understand concepts much better if they can make a concrete model.
Children seem to want to eat exactly the same food at every meal for what seems like a long time.
Children seem to want to eat exactly the same food at every meal for what seems to be a long time.
Children seem tocome with an innate sense of rapport.
Children seemingly like to play with words.
Children select a cube to fit the jars.
Children select a favorite book about China and illustrate the cover or favorite of the book.
Children select a favorite book about Japan and illustrate the cover or favorite part of the book.
Children select a image to record with the digital camera.
Children select animals they like, develop questions, and then do follow-up activities.
Children select books to read and record their time and earn prizes based on their accomplishments.
Children select courses just like going to college.
Children select from a special collection of books at their reading level.
Children select from a variety of activities in interest areas outdoors.
Children select letters as they try to guess the spelling of a word.
Children select one part of the story to illustrate.
Children select songs that they like and lip sync and dance to the different songs.
Children select their career fields, again strongly influenced by the father.
Children select their favorite career cards and write resumes that describe jobs.
Children sell all types of items to make a living.
Children sell cold drinks and organize a cakewalk and a fish pond.
Children sell tickets, popcorn, candy, etc.
Children send in their entries from which the best are selected for printing.
Children sense a reason to fear the unknown.
Children sense a stronger partnership between their parents and their teachers.
Children serve armies in supporting roles, as cooks, porters, messengers and spies.
Children serve as acolytes at morning worship and sometimes as ushers.
Children serve as acolytes, ushers, prayer leaders, and attendance recorders.
Children serve as heirs.
Children serve others in the community with their family or in other settings.
Children setting fires is a serious problem that can be deadly.
Children settle more easily when they have a regular routine and they haven t got too tired.
Children shake the box, listen to the sound, and try to guess what's inside.
Children shake the jars and try to find the ones that match.
Children shape the agenda of the discussion.
Children shape their world around our attitudes, beliefs, actions and results as adults and parents.
Children share all the things they can do.
Children share and respond to each other's poems in groups.
Children share books with other classmates.
Children share enthusiasm.
Children share experience.
Children share flipbooks with classmates.
Children share ideas about food to make a healthy lunch.
Children share illicit relationships, then kill their newborn babies.
Children share in a Bible story time or chapel service each month.
Children share information about themselves, their family, favorite things, interests, hobbies, etc.
Children share information.
Children share picture books, songs, fingerplays, and rhymes with other children their age.
Children share poorly produced books or go without.
Children share subset of parent s resources.
Children share the lot of the father.
Children share the same developmental milestones, but their timetables are highly individual.
Children share their calligram with a partner.
Children share their choice and the explanation for that choice as a whole class or in small groups.
Children share their extension projects with the class.
Children share their ideas and help one another see things in a different light.
Children share their work and responses on the forum.
Children share theirsand toys.
Children share toys with their friends, but adolescents share thoughts and feelings.
Children share with others what they have learned.
Children share with their parents and brothers and sisters the experience of life and hope.
Children share with their parents the responsibility of making a happy home and a house of order.
Children sharing a room with adults receive a discounted rate - please ask for details.
Children sharing a room with parents stay free - paying only for meals etc.
Children sharing a room with two adults are at half price.
Children sharing a room with two adults receive a discount.
Children sharing with adults get a special rate.
Children sharing with two adults are free of charge.
Children sharpen basic skills by solving problems both vertically and horizontally.
Children shirts and vests are also available.
Children shirts, girl's shirts, boy's shirts.
Children shoot soldiers at point blank range.
Children shop according to the schedule sent home.
Children should have opportunity.
Children show a fascination with the wide variety of colors.
Children show a higher level of spatial perception as observed through block play.
Children show ability.
Children show anxiety.
Children show behavior.
Children show characteristics of giftedness in many ways.
Children show chins.
Children show constraints.
Children show differences.
Children show different emotions with their facial expressions.
Children show distress.
Children show fevers.
Children show good progress in physical, social, emotional, and intellectual development.
Children show growing co-ordination and control when jumping and running.
Children show growth.
Children show interest and involvement in the learning experiences, appropriate to the age group.
Children show interest or readiness.
Children show interest.
Children show no symptoms of lead poisoning until irreversible brain damage has occurred.
Children show physical and motor competence.
Children show separation anxiety.
Children show severe distress.
Children show signs of emotional distress.
Children show signs of stress in a variety of ways much as adults do.
Children show signs of stress in temper tantrums, withdrawal or academic difficulties.
Children show some understanding of words before they start to speak.
Children show such behavior.
Children show symptoms.
Children show their creativity in work with pictures, doodles and speech.
Children show their reactions to divorce in many different ways.
Children show weight loss, weakness, anemia.
Children shown working with adults on shared tasks seem bright, inquisitive, and fully engaged.
Children shows usually involve a tuition fee.
Children shriek from chrome bumpers, their brown arms basketing iris, tulip, natane.
Children shun authority, traditional values, and responsibilities.
Children shy away from neighbors, guests and relatives.
Children silently cry out for a blessing.
Children simply do better at school when life at home includes regular reading activities.
Children simply eat what they like and leave the rest.
Children simply fill in the booklet with names and addresses of friends and relatives.
Children simply have to write down all the words that associate with that one word.
Children simply like to guess, and to make someone guess.
Children simply pour their favorite flavors into the straw to create an edible masterpiece.
Children simply take up too much time.
Children simply wait all day until they get home to use the bathroom.
Children simulate a safari to learn the different countries of Africa.
Children simulate fossils.
Children sin because they are sinners.
Children sing along in the background.
Children sing and act at school functions without adequate instruction or a conscious purpose.
Children sing carols in front of the church.
Children sing for fun and prepare songs for worship about six times each year.
Children sing more complex songs and are able to sequence stories.
Children sing regularly in worship.
Children sing the Bible verse.
Children sing the phrase over and over throughout the entirety of the commercial.
Children sing the songs to accompany their jumping and clapping games.
Children sing, chant, and play various musical instruments through age appropriate activities.
Children sing, dance, laugh.
Children sing, gladly sing, Hallelujahs to our King.
Children sing, listen to Bible stories, and participate in Bible-based activities.
Children sing, listen to records, respond rhythmically to music, and play rhythm instruments.
Children sing, stretch, do crafts, and hear wonderful stories told by local grandmothers.
Children sit and eat with the staff using family style dining techniques.
Children sit and stand and watch and wait.
Children sit around the cook fire and wait for the evening meal.
Children sit at desks in rows facing the teacher at all times.
Children sit at tables with seven of their classmates and one adult.
Children sit at the front of the room for introduction of ratios and for the survey.
Children sit by the window every day for story time and other activities.
Children sit by their parents during the lecture.
Children sit down round the reader and sometimes there is some play time as well.
Children sit in a circle and each is given the name of a fruit.
Children sit in a circle in alphabetical order.
Children sit in a circle with their eyes closed.
Children sit in a circle with their pictures in alphabetical order .
Children sit in a circle, with legs straight out in front.
Children sit in a circle.
Children sit in a classroom all making the same horrible object at craftwork, imitating the teacher.
Children sit in a large circle.
Children sit in a semi-circle, with crossed legs, on the floor.
Children sit in classrooms.
Children sit in front on the podium.
Children sit in the corner and give confused answers.
Children sit mute in classrooms.
Children sit nearby transfixed or lie, chest to lawn and chin to palm, vigilant for motion.
Children sit on a couch at one end.
Children sit on a stoop, dogs pant in the clay-colored dust.
Children sit on a water transport cart which also serves as a play toy.
Children sit on blanket-lined curbs.
Children sit on the floor in a circle.
Children sit on the floor opposite each other.
Children sit passively in front of the screen.
Children sit quietly and listen hard for two or more minutes with eyes closed.
Children sit right next to musicians and get a first hand musical experience.
Children sitting on a parent s lap are free.
Children skate on a glassy pond in New England Village.
Children sketch the steps involved in the construction.
Children sketch what they see at each layer of the ocean.
Children ski free.
Children skip breakfast for many reasons.
Children skip in a circle, holding hands, while singing the first verse.
Children skip in a playground.
Children skip schools.
Children sleep in cabins and are supervised by trained counselors at all times.
Children sleep in dormitories in bunk beds.
Children sleep in the homes of their parents, often enjoying some of their meals together.
Children sleep in the same cells as hardened convicts for a current lack of space and alternatives.
Children sleep lightly, often awaking in terror from nightmares.
Children sleep on mats or mattresses atop dirt floors.
Children sleep on the second story.
Children sleep on the streets and steal to buy food.
Children sleep three and four to a small crib.
Children sleep very very soundly and if they do move then they are at risk.
Children sleeping in cribs are free.
Children slowly reach maturity through different areas of growth.
Children smile at the possibilities for fun.
Children smile for the camera.
Children smile when they arrive at school.
Children smoke the most heavily advertised brands of cigarettes.
Children sniff because they want to sniff.
Children soak up the evil beliefs of their parents' faith.
Children socialize in an atmosphere of warmth and caring.
Children socialize with other children as they arrive.
Children socialize, interact and play with others their age.
Children solve puzzles or listen to narrations of classic tales.
Children Solve Their Own Conflicts Refuse to be the police, judge or jury.
Children songs with musical notations.
Children soon acquire the cynical assumption that lying is the normal tack for TV advertisers.
Children soon are able to copy a pattern arranged by the teacher and verbalize the order.
Children soon believe that no time is the right time to approach either parent.
Children soon discover the advantage of counting by ten, twenty, thirty, etc.
Children soon forget previous lessons.
Children soon learn that they had better be quiet, well behaved, submissive, and dutiful.
Children soon learn the alphabet shapes and sounds that are a part of each character.
Children soon learn the value of pushing forward of leaning backward on a swing.
Children soon learn they have skills to make wise choices when taking risks.
Children soon learn to generate their own solutions.
Children soon learn whether they can trust their parents' answers.
Children soon try words and phrases to communicate with the teacher.
Children sort money, pictures, toys, shells, pasta shapes, and words.
Children sort out who they and other people are through their play.
Children sort out who they are and similarities and differences among people in their play.
Children sort pictures into the two sets.
Children sort the animals according to where they live or spend most of their time.
Children sort various sizes of s quares.
Children sorting trash and stuffing it into bags and baskets is a common sight at the dump.
Children speak backwards before they do forwards . . .
Children speak backwards before they do forwards.
Children speak for themselves and express their points of view.
Children speak it.
Children speak like their elders.
Children speak out and broadcasters take part in the world's largest media campaign for the young.
Children speak their minds, and their hearts.
Children spell complete words or fill in missing letters.
Children spell words or use their imagination to create houses, toy boxes, castles, etc.
Children spend a considerable amount of their time in front of the TV screen from a young age.
Children spend a gloriously unstructured afternoon planting, watering and getting their hands dirty.
Children spend a great deal of their early years in childcare and at school.
Children spend a great deal of time on art, toy making, building, knitting and gardening.
Children spend a half day at each parent's home, with a hectic drive in the middle.
Children spend a large part of their day at school.
Children spend a large portion of their day in school.
Children spend a lot of their viewing time on programs intended primarily for adults.
Children spend a lot of time going back and forth to the oven.
Children spend a lot of time in both the kitchen and the bathroom.
Children spend a lot of time watching television.
Children spend a lot of time with the family dog.
Children spend a year in each class and after sixth class they go on to secondary school.
Children spend about six hours a day, five days a week, forty weeks a year in school.
Children spend an average of five years in a single parent household.
Children spend countless hours watching TV or playing video games without parental supervision.
Children spend far more time at home than they do in school.
Children spend hours playing such games at home.
Children spend hours with pencil and paper mazes.
Children spend many happy hours en-joying the water during the long, hot Arizona summers.
Children spend many hours a day in school and are accustomed to being taught.
Children spend many hours of their day occupying themselves with what the playground has to offer.
Children spend many hours weekly watching TV and playing video games.
Children spend months and even years in detention.
Children spend more of their discretionary time watching television than any other activity.
Children spend more than twelve years in school in one way or another.
Children spend more time around water and are even more attracted to it during the summer months.
Children spend more time engaged in vigorous activity.
Children spend more time in front of a TV screen than in school.
Children spend more time in front of the small screen than on hobbies and other activities.
Children spend more time in the sun than most adults, specially in the summer.
Children spend more time in their homes and communities than they do in schools.
Children spend more time learning about life through media than in any other manner.
Children spend more time on television and computer activities than out door sports.
Children spend more time outdoors during the summer months.
Children spend more time outdoors in the summer when ozone levels are higher.
Children spend more time outdoors than adults and their life takes place close to the ground.
Children spend more time playing outdoors than adults.
Children spend more time playing video games and watching TV than playing and exercising.
Children spend more time watching television than any other activity except sleeping.
Children spend more time watching television than they do in the classroom.
Children spend more time watching TV than any other activity in their day except sleeping.
Children spend more time watching TV than they spend in school.
Children spend more time with their siblings than with friends, parents, teachers or even alone.
Children spend more time working co-operatively and less time filling in workbooks.
Children spend most of the day at school so, if they break the law, it often happens there.
Children spend most of their day in school.
Children spend most of their playing and working with materials or other children.
Children spend most of their time close to the floor and put everything in their mouths.
Children spend most of their time exploring the entertaining possibilities rather than reading.
Children spend most of their time playing and working with materials or other children.
Children spend most of their time with toys, from day one through their growing-up years.
Children spend much more time at home than at school.
Children spend much of their day in school and with their friends.
Children spend much of their lives playing.
Children spend much of their lives powerless and frustrated.
Children spend one afternoon a week in interest group activities.
Children spend one hour a day in each of the cluster classrooms.
Children spend one-third of their time with school employees.
Children spend only about one hour in school for every five hours awake.
Children spend only one or two hours a week with their counselors.
Children spend part of each day learning about asthma control and management.
Children spend so much time in front of the television that it becomes the real world.
Children spend some years practising pencil control and learning letter formation.
Children spend substantial time outdoors, thereby creating a large risk factor.
Children spend the major part of their young lives in school.
Children spend their days with other children near their own age.
Children spend their days with other children of the same age group.
Children spend their school day within a self-contained classroom.
Children spend their time in games, stories, crafts, outdoor play, and enjoy a light snack.
Children spend thousands of hours in the schoolyard.
Children spend time in school, home, neighborhood social organizations and many other places.
Children spend time on computers.
Children spend time outdoors when weather permits as well as indoors.
Children spend time with children of the same age.
Children spend time with other children who deal with similar issues.
Children spend too many hours in school and are subject to too much psychological duress.
Children spend twelve times the amount of time watching television as they do reading.
Children spends most of their time around caregivers and naturally forms a bond with the caregiver.
Children splash in tubs and pools filled with our water.
Children spontaneously enjoy it enormously.
Children sprinkle, place ,drop the glitters onto the glued lid.
Children squeeze glue onto heavy paper, making a design.
Children squish tissue paper into balls and glue onto branches on paper.
Children stamp on the indicated number of buttons.
Children stampede through the halls of a school on the last day of class.
Children stand among the smoky ruins of their settlement.
Children stand at the threshold of exploring an entire world.
Children stand facing teacher.
Children stand fascinated when the big fish appear to take turns jumping out of the water.
Children stand in a circle and toss a beanbag round and round as they sing a favorite song.
Children stand in a circle around a child who is it.
Children stand in a circle holding hands.
Children stand in a circle, then turn on the praise music and pass the large egg around.
Children stand in a circle, with hands joined.
Children stand in awe of the symbol, even though they themselves have created it.
Children stand in front of a lamp holding a pencil with a styrofoam ball on it at eye level.
Children stand tiptoe at the sea wall watching.
Children stand to benefit most if they adopt a healthy lifestyle and stick to it.
Children stare at beautiful people.
Children start a device running to find where it's broken.
Children start again if any body part touches the ground.
Children start all standing or sitting on their tables or desks.
Children start and finish behind the lines at opposite ends.
Children start at about nine years.
Children start building their knowledge about numbers and money long before they begin school.
Children start cycling as play when they are very young.
Children start developing reading skills early in life.
Children start earlier than that using computer.
Children start elementary school at age seven.
Children start gaining a sense of time when they begin school.
Children start gambling at home, usually at card games with family and friends.
Children start in Kindergarten and continue until age seventeen.
Children start learning about money at a very early age by watching and listening to their parents.
Children start learning to respect others at home.
Children start life as totally dependent beings.
Children start moving more independently through the water under their parent's guidance.
Children start pulling up on things shortly after they start crawling.
Children start putting letter sounds together into syllables and read a few short, site words.
Children start relocating to outside families.
Children start school at the age of seven.
Children start school at varying stages of cognitive, social and emotional readiness.
Children start showing emotional disturbances also.
Children start the entire task over if any body part touches the ground.
Children start the school day at different hours.
Children start their experimentation with alcohol during the pre-teen years.
Children start thus to distrust many of their perceptions.
Children start to feel better and stop having a fever once they stop getting new bumps.
Children start to learn about maps and regions of the world.
Children start to learn basic ballet positions.
Children start to learn eating habits at an early age.
Children start to live hard life at a very young age.
Children start to read and write simple stories.
Children start to understand language and symbols.
Children start to understand that hard work pays off and that their future is in their own hands.
Children start upstairs with the adults where they can participate in a children's time.
Children start with basic techniques and work their way to advanced skills.
Children start with coarse weaving and work up to the better grade as they grow older.
Children start with pictures then move on to the recognition and formation of words.
Children starting later do so in countries with more regular languages.
Children starve in Africa and India while American farmers go bankrupt for lack of buyers.
Children starve, they have no health care, no money - no medicine.
Children stay and eat free.
Children stay and ski free midweek.
Children stay at homes.
Children stay awake as long as they can on New Years Eve.
Children stay away to beg at traffic lights throughout Baghdad.
Children stay by special arrangement only.
Children stay challenged as levels always match their abilities.
Children stay challenged because the levels match their abilities.
Children stay challenged because the levels match their ability.
Children stay children in Europe until they are well along in their teens.
Children stay for free.
Children stay free and eat free.
Children stay free and eat with parent.
Children stay free and enjoy a very reasonably priced children's menu.
Children stay free and the eight-day rates include service every three days.
Children stay free at the resort.
Children stay free during certain periods each year.
Children stay free in a room with their parents.
Children stay free in existing bedding.
Children stay free in parents room.
Children stay free in parent's room.
Children stay free in parents' room.
Children stay free in the same room as an adult.
Children stay free in the same room with parents.
Children stay free in the same room.
Children stay free when sharing parents bedroom.
Children stay FREE when sharing the same room with an adult.
Children stay free when sharing their parents room.
Children stay free when sharing with adults.
Children stay free when sharing with parents and pay for meals as taken.
Children stay free when they occupy the same room as their parents.
Children stay free with an adult at a majority of the chain's hotels.
Children stay free with existing bedding.
Children stay free with parents.
Children stay free with their parents at The Best Western.
Children stay free, free continental breakfast.
Children stay free.
Children Stay Free.
Children stay fully conscious when the inhalation mixture is administered.
Children stay in air conditioned cabins and meals are served in the main dining room.
Children stay in better calcium balance when their protein comes from plant sources.
Children stay in communities.
Children stay in same room as parents.
Children stay in same room for free.
Children stay in the same room as adults.
Children stay in the service for the first ten minutes before leaving for their own activities.
Children stay in the worship service for the singing time.
Children stay nice and quiet for extended periods of time.
Children stay silent for hours on end reading the latest adventures of the boy magician.
Children stay with grandparents.
Children stay with mothers.
Children stay with parents.
Children stay with the mother, always.
Children stay with the same primary caregiver for the first three years.
Children stay with their class through several years of school and hang out together.
Children stay with their parents and work.
Children stay without charge.
Children stay, play, and eat free Memorial Day through Labor Day.
Children staying for more than one week, stay over the weekend at no additional cost.
Children staying in their parent's rooms pay a reduced rate.
Children steal from their parents for drug money, ignore their studies.
Children steal, and even commit violent acts, to have the right tennis shoes.
Children step eagerly into the world of dance and gymnastics.
Children stick to the bottle only for security reasons.
Children still account for a small percentage of shock patients, and no national estimates exist.
Children still ask the 'Dudes to explain RAM and other basic techie terminology.
Children still blow into the straw to make the drink bubble and annoy their parents.
Children still comprise the largest single group of recipients.
Children still die.
Children still discover books and experience storytelling.
Children still enjoy building with blocks and problem-solving with puzzles.
Children still enjoy picture books.
Children still go to bed hungry.
Children still go trick or treating.
Children still hang out stockings in the hope of receiving gifts.
Children still have live lice right after the poison shampoo.
Children still have needs.
Children still have relatively small stomachs at that age and are usually quite active.
Children still have to miss school.
Children still like to keep scrap books.
Children still live in exploitation.
Children still love it.
Children still open lemonade stands here.
Children still play, but there is definitely a focus on developing language skills.
Children still play.
Children still require instruction in proper table manners and the fundamentals of good grooming.
Children still study in the poor light of a kerosene lamp.
Children still suffer for the sins of their parents.
Children still suffer from otitis media.
Children still suffer violence at home.
Children still use the sled run today.
Children stop and stare on the way to or from the faucet.
Children stop before riding out into traffic from a driveway, sidewalk, alley or parking lot.
Children stop believing in equality when they see inequality.
Children stop listening if scolding goes on too long.
Children stop their play.
Children stop their playful spring games and ponder over the magnificent flower.
Children strain the capacity of the aid agencies in the area.
Children strengthen basic math skills as they build and develop their monetary funds.
Children strengthen divergent thinking skills as they think up new choices to affect their desires.
Children strengthen listening skills as they strive to please and to improve their performance.
Children stress about the world more than parents think they do, even more.
Children stretch out their hands to the playful-looking work.
Children strive to be independent .
Children strive to make things well and complete what they begin.
Children strive toward independence The most important learning years are birth to six.
Children struggle and even fail.
Children struggle beside their mothers.
Children struggle to understand.
Children struggle with symbols, so keep illustrations simple.
Children study a colour each day and collect items of that colour to share.
Children study about the world through maps and globes.
Children study animals from the farm.
Children study Arabic, of course, starting with the first grade.
Children study astronomy, aerodynamics, and rocketry.
Children study four main science units during the year.
Children study graphing and learn to solve simple word problems.
Children study local environment in the neighborhood and go on field trips.
Children study longer and play less, a report says.
Children study on the street.
Children study science both in and out of the classroom.
Children study the American colonies in considerable detail in the fifth grade.
Children study the earth, moon, eclipses, planets, and stars.
Children study to read combinations of letters.
Children study two foreign languages.
Children study very hard to win one of the few places.
Children study, science, technology, physical education, art appreciation, and history.
Children studying music learn how to work cooperatively.
Children submit a drawing or magazine picture of a camouflaged animal.
Children subscribe to the flavour of the month.
Children succeed in school.
Children succeed when they are engaged in meaningful learning activities.
Children suck clover flowers for nectar which seems to be harmless.
Children suck deathshead candy engraved with their names in icing.
Children suck deaths-head candy engraved with their names in icing.
Children suck their thumbs when distressed.
Children suffer abuse and families are damaged by infidelity.
Children suffer adverse effects of battles between the parents.
Children suffer all round, victims of war or recruited by force into war.
Children suffer anxiety and loss.
Children suffer as a result, and America as a whole suffers over the long run.
Children suffer as a result, as does society as a whole.
Children suffer battle fatigue at the hands of their clashing parents.
Children suffer because of divorce.
Children suffer because parents suffer and are then unable to keep their children safe.
Children suffer chronic respiratory diseases as a result.
Children suffer cognitive difficulty.
Children suffer depression, too, say experts.
Children suffer difficulty.
Children suffer directly from loss, trauma, dislocation, and abuse.
Children suffer emotional and physical trauma from experiencing or even witnessing violence.
Children suffer emotional harm if they are abused themselves.
Children suffer emotionally, psychologically, and physically.
Children suffer from behavioral problems, depression, anxiety, and the after-effects of trauma.
Children suffer from cancer related diseases.
Children suffer from chest infections, coughs, asthma.
Children suffer from chronic malnutrition, respiratory disorders and depressed immune systems.
Children suffer from deficiencies.
Children suffer from depression usually related to family conflicts, and symptoms quickly pass.
Children suffer from illnesses.
Children suffer from injuries at the highest rates.
Children suffer from issues.
Children suffer from most of the cases.
Children suffer from pornography as well.
Children suffer from pre-divorce stress.
Children suffer from severe bleeding and immune system disorders.
Children suffer from term illnesses.
Children suffer from the break-up of a family.
Children suffer from the social structure of divorce.
Children suffer from vitamin D and iron deficiency and, in some areas, iodine deficiency.
Children suffer greatly and change their behavior due to divorce.
Children suffer greatly when they hear anyone criticize or denigrate either of their parents.
Children suffer many ills when they are forced to drink the salty, contaminated water.
Children suffer many problems which can be attributed to their parents divorces.
Children suffer many problems, which can be related to their parent's divorces.
Children suffer most from malaria.
Children suffer most from our complacency.
Children suffer pain.
Children suffer physical pain.
Children suffer physically and emotionally by being overweight.
Children suffer physically and emotionally.
Children suffer poison symptoms.
Children suffer problems.
Children suffer such absences most of all.
Children suffer symptoms.
Children suffer the most and for the longest.
Children suffer the most fireworks injuries which are usually to the eyes, head, or hands.
Children suffer the most in abusive situations.
Children suffer the most in the nations of Southern Asia.
Children suffer the most.
Children suffer the ramifications of divorce long after the paperwork is filed.
Children suffer when their caregivers are forced out of business.
Children suffering from autism in Bulgaria live mainly isolated in social establishments.
Children suffering from extreme poverty, violence and neglect are the most vulnerable.
Children suffering from febrile illnesses often complain of some degree of gastrointestinal upset.
Children suffering the trauma of single or divorced parents lose faith in the values of our society.
Children suffocate when plastic material clings to face.
Children summon their imaginations to blot out the awful things.
Children sunburn more easily than adults.
Children supply new words for several of the songs.
Children supply the voices with a microphone plugged into the computer's sound card.
Children supply their own lunch.
Children support each other in their process of learning and growing.
Children supported by only one parent are often poor throughout their childhood.
Children surrounded by books from birth gain a valuable edge.
Children survey their classmates' favourite seasons.
Children survive infancy, gain weight and participate in school.
Children survive reasonable punishments, such as restriction and time-out.
Children survive to adulthood.
Children Surviving on starchy food rations become vulnerable to disease and even death.
Children sustain chemical burns most often when they are unsupervised.
Children sustain growth plate injuries.
Children sustain injuries.
Children sustain multiple fractures and progressive kyphoscoliosis.
Children sustain physical injuries.
Children swallow the lead when they put their hands or toys in their mouths.
Children swap funny stories.
Children swarm by, hoping to catch sweets thrown down from the floats and by courtiers.
Children swim in it in the summer and skate on it in the winter.
Children swim in that river.
Children swim in the canal.
Children swim in the quarry.
Children swing in the shade, under the roof and close to the gazebo.
Children swipe the card across a scanner when coming and going from activities.
Children swirl in and out of the living room like playful puppies.
Children take a break resting on the new beautiful tile floor.
Children take a liquid form.
Children take a long time to master all the irregular verb forms in English.
Children take a lot of time and energy.
Children take a magical ride in a pink cadillac with their grandmother.
Children take a nature adventure through music, movement and the arts.
Children take a packed lunch and tea.
Children take a peek through a window to see how the toy giveaway is proceeding.
Children take a photo of a tool which their grandparents or old people used.
Children take a real ownership in their journals.
Children take a step toward increasing balance, coordination and muscle control.
Children take action to improve their lot.
Children take adults' words to heart.
Children take an active part.
Children take an adventure through the jungle in which they encounter numerous spelling exercises.
Children take another perspective.
Children take as long as they like to solve problems, and progress at their own pace.
Children take breaths.
Children take care of their parents and grandparents look after their grandchildren.
Children take care of themselves.
Children take care.
Children take crackers and candy corn out and crush the cookies until it resembles dirt.
Children take delight in the many activities and fun learning that happens every day.
Children take eurythmy once or twice a week from first grade on.
Children take favorite toys.
Children take ferries to coastal schools.
Children take flocks across the site to pasture, and later on gather dried animal dung for fuel.
Children take great pride in making even the simplest creations.
Children take great pride in seeing their thoughts in print.
Children take guns into the class rooms.
Children take home activities each week to make or do, enhancing their experience.
Children take home folders of their work every friday.
Children take home open-ended activities to complete with their parents in the evening.
Children take in even more air relative to their body weight and size.
Children take in more air, food and water per pound of body weight.
Children take in what they are able to deal with.
Children take in what they can understand.
Children take it home, and study it along with their parents.
Children take it in turns to turn over a central card and decide whether to take or leave it.
Children take lessons in geography, mathematics, science, history, literature, and sex education.
Children take longer to acclimatize and have a lower sweating rate and higher corer temp.
Children take many statements at face value.
Children take medicine in different ways including pills.
Children take medicine in different ways, including pills, inhalers, syrups, and nebulizers.
Children take more different information from TV than in school.
Children take naps at school.
Children take notes.
Children take on many roles around the farm including working, accompanying adults, and playing.
Children take on more responsibility because they see that their parents have to work.
Children take on responsible roles within the club and community.
Children take on the attributes of their parents.
Children take on the persona of other characters and tend to believe they are the characters.
Children take one capsule twice daily.
Children take one object and, depending on the graphing topic, place it in the correct stack.
Children take one to two tablets daily.
Children take orders, collect money and use the cash register.
Children take part in an early childhood program.
Children take part in funerary rites and estate decisions after their grandmother's death.
Children take pictures of familiar places in Flint, and then make a photo gallery on the Web.
Children take pieces of wire and broken pottery and make amazing cars and toys.
Children take precaution.
Children take smaller doses.
Children take summer naps on rotten logs.
Children take surveys in their classes about how many pets they have.
Children take the family name of their fathers.
Children take the mother's name.
Children take their circumstances for granted.
Children take their cues for behavior from their parents and other adults.
Children take their cues from adults, especially young children.
Children take their cues from adults.
Children take their entire childhood to grasp concepts and develop fine motor skills.
Children take their father's names as their second name.
Children take their first critical steps towards learning to read and write very early in life.
Children take their hands off hot ovens.
Children take their money and shop at the yard sale.
Children take their money cues from their parents.
Children take their mother's first surname and their father's first surname, in either order.
Children take time and energy.
Children take time to develop relationships.
Children take time.
Children take timed tests several times a week.
Children take to canal boating immediately and quickly learn the few essential safety rules.
Children take to nudity like ducks to water.
Children take to technology like ducks to water.
Children take toys.
Children take turns at serving lunch for educational purposes.
Children take turns baby sitting the guinea pig at home on the weekends.
Children take turns choosing their favorite songs to sing during music.
Children take turns drawing a card and putting it down in the correct sequence.
Children take turns drawing a card from the deck.
Children take turns finding an object in the classroom for each colour card.
Children take turns in finding numbers, words and pictures which go together.
Children take turns in picking up two cards at a time.
Children take turns putting on the accessories and posing to have their pictures taken.
Children take turns reading in the tents and can also act out scenes from the book.
Children take turns saying it fast.
Children take turns showing their picture and telling about what they drew.
Children take turns to balance the diet using weighted food boxes and a doll.
Children take turns tossing piggy counters.
Children take turns two at a time.
Children take up the game for many reasons.
Children take weapons to school.
Children taken by the wood nymphs never are.
Children talk about books.
Children talk about the mind .
Children talk about the mind.
Children talk about the things they do to help at home.
Children talk about their families and present and recent past events in their lives.
Children talk about what they learned from reading the book.
Children talk freely about their families, friends, games, school or the latest bands.
Children talk freely with each other and with adults.
Children talk in the same tone to elders as they do to their peers.
Children talk late for all sorts of reasons, including deafness, mental retardation, and autism.
Children talk more about the exhibits they see when they are with their parents.
Children talk more, ask more questions, and initiate more conversation.
Children talk on cellular telephones while they ride in a car.
Children talk to adults when they feel safe, loved, and close.
Children talk to both others and themselves .
Children talk to both others and themselves.
Children talk to doctors.
Children talk together and look in books to find out about other kinds of work.
Children talk with adults.
Children talk, talk, talk, talk.
Children targeted by bullies also tend to fit a particular profile.
Children taste the apples and graph their color predictions or their favorite one.
Children taunt one another about their religion.
Children teach adults.
Children teach parents empathic listening.
Children teach their parents.
Children teach themselves.
Children tease their parents with various sorts of questions.
Children tell a friend what shape they have.
Children tell about their family members at lunch potluck.
Children tell about times when they felt mad, sad or glad with someone in their family.
Children tell how the holiday is celebrated in Sweden.
Children tell more pro-social lies to peers.
Children tell the truth and nothing but the truth.
Children tell their parents what they have learned in their programs.
Children tell their stories.
Children tempt fate, playing with scorpions.
Children tend their own garden plots filled with vegetables, flowers, and herbs.
Children tend to abuse their shoes.
Children tend to accept healthy foods if offered regularly.
Children tend to acclimate to heat very slowly and overexert themselves quickly.
Children tend to act quickly without checking traffic.
Children tend to adopt the party loyalty of their parents.
Children tend to be active and curious.
Children tend to be apprehensive about appearing in court and speaking against a parent in public.
Children tend to be curious about fire and tend to hide when frightened.
Children tend to be disinterested in issues of sexual orientation.
Children tend to be especially mistrustful.
Children tend to be far more forgiving than their moms or dads.
Children tend to be fidgety, leaning over in ways that puts the seat belt out of proper position.
Children tend to be impulsive and self-centered and to think in simple terms.
Children tend to be inundated with primary colors.
Children tend to be more aggressive with the growth rate usually slowing during adulthood.
Children tend to be more distracted by the bells and whistles of computers and often get off task.
Children tend to be more sensitive than adults because they breathe faster.
Children tend to be obese with slowed growth rates.
Children tend to be paid extremely low wages and some are bonded, working solely to pay off a debt.
Children tend to be taken during weekends or summer or winter holidays.
Children tend to be taken from the home.
Children tend to be very loyal, obedient, and more easily controlled and manipulated than adults.
Children tend to be very playful and mischievous and accidents can happen anytime.
Children tend to become excited on occasions such as birthdays and holidays.
Children tend to become what they think about.
Children tend to begin speaking around the same time their parents did.
Children tend to behave badly when they are tired or hungry.
Children tend to behave if dressed in ''serious'' clothes.
Children tend to blame themselves for problems.
Children tend to bond more easily with same age peers, too.
Children tend to bring out the best in our own parents, as well.
Children tend to consult others when they are unable to make corrections on their own.
Children tend to continue a behavior when it is rewarded and stop a behavior when it is ignored.
Children tend to copy adult actions.
Children tend to copy adult behavior.
Children tend to copy the adult models to which they are exposed, so be a good model.
Children tend to copy the behaviour of their parents.
Children tend to copy their parents' behaviour.
Children tend to copy their parents.
Children tend to crowd their words and make a long caterpillar of their words.
Children tend to develop an arch at three years of age.
Children tend to dissociate more readily than adults.
Children tend to do as parents do rather than as parents say.
Children tend to do better than adults and usually recover completely.
Children tend to drop out of formal after-school programs during fourth and fifth grade.
Children tend to eat better if they have a say in what they eat.
Children tend to eat fewer fruits and vegetables than their parents do.
Children tend to eat healthier if they have a say in preparing a meal.
Children tend to eat what is available.
Children tend to eat what they can see.
Children tend to elicit a more sympathetic response.
Children tend to emulate the behavior of their parents.
Children tend to endow their parents with supreme authority.
Children tend to enjoy the control they have over the computer.
Children tend to excel more when surrounded by others whose families expect academic success.
Children tend to explore their environments using their sense of taste.
Children tend to favor peas, potatoes, carrots, beans and corn.
Children tend to feed off of how their parents react.
Children tend to feel inadequate when a parent finishes homework.
Children tend to follow the eating habits of their parents.
Children tend to get affected by the vibes.
Children tend to get excited during parties and other celebrations.
Children tend to get fidgety when locked in a car for extended lengths of time.
Children tend to get very cranky during the transitional stage when they give up their nap.
Children tend to gravitate toward certain people.
Children tend to gravitate towards certain people.
Children tend to grieve a. if their parents also grieve.
Children tend to grow out of otitis media by age six.
Children tend to have a very narrow focus.
Children tend to have bleeding from the front portion of the nose.
Children tend to have fevers more than adults.
Children tend to have higher fevers.
Children tend to have less discreet episodes of mania and depression than adolescents or adults.
Children tend to have little or no privacy and become very shy and self-conscious.
Children tend to have lower plasma homocysteine levels, and levels tend to rise with age.
Children tend to have minimal typing skills.
Children tend to have more colds during the year.
Children tend to have more rapid breathing rates.
Children tend to have sex with each other.
Children tend to have short attention spans that demand constant innovation.
Children tend to hide when frightened.
Children tend to keep a marriage together, because they are a good common to both spouses.
Children tend to learn a foreign language most effectively through an immersion approach.
Children tend to learn by role modeling.
Children tend to like very bright colors such as red, orange, and yellow.
Children tend to live longer at home.
Children tend to look elsewhere for things that are lacking in their own lives.
Children tend to look to teachers as an example of appropriate behavior.
Children tend to lose interest in videos, flash cards, and books.
Children tend to lose respect for their parents.
Children tend to magnify a crisis.
Children tend to master just about anything quickly.
Children tend to metabolize compounds faster but detoxify more slowly.
Children tend to mimic how their parents respond in stressful situations.
Children tend to mimic their parents' mannerisms and ways of interacting with others.
Children tend to move with natural ease, balance, support, and freedom.
Children tend to personalize events that happen on the world stage.
Children tend to play more in the street than in the back yard.
Children tend to practice when they have fun.
Children tend to prefer the texture of raw to cooked vegetables.
Children tend to push buttons because they are there to be pushed, especially teenagers.
Children tend to read with more confidence and less stress.
Children tend to receive less analgesia than adults and the drugs are often discontinued sooner.
Children tend to recover better than adults.
Children tend to reflect the feelings of their parents.
Children tend to resemble their parents especially in physical appearance.
Children tend to respond better to nitrous oxide than most of the other techniques.
Children tend to return to the beginning of the line or sentence to confirm a word.
Children tend to rise to the level of their parents' expectations.
Children tend to run higher fevers than adults.
Children tend to run, often in circles, while adults seem to want to go down.
Children tend to skate as though they are riding a horse.
Children tend to slip silently into the water when they drown.
Children tend to smoke the most heavenly advertised brands.
Children tend to survive longer than adults when deprived of oxygen underwater.
Children tend to take rules that they have helped make very seriously.
Children tend to tease tethered dogs.
Children tend to think about the same things at the same age while growing up.
Children tend to think that politics is interesting.
Children tend to treat pet dogs as their peers, just like their friends and brothers and sisters.
Children tend to wander into dangerous situations without an instinctive sense of fear.
Children tend to worry less when they have something productive to accomplish.
Children tend, in general, to develop higher fevers than adults.
Children test parental limits through negative behavior.
Children test the bread.
Children test the properties of materials.
Children test their growing knowledge with possible back-talk and rebellion.
Children test themselves on imitation loads, While adults try to rest along stone roads.
Children thank hospital for having a heart.
Children then become freer to learn from their mistakes and grow as well.
Children then can paint the bags grey.
Children then can use their plant drawings as a resource to create a jungle painting of their own.
Children then connect each picture to the word with string to form the web.
Children then do a crayon rubbing across the top of the paper allowing the design to come through.
Children then enjoy outside play, games, stories and music, and social interaction.
Children then exchange papers for editing of punctuation, spelling, and complete sentences.
Children then explore the relationship of the Earth to the Moon and Sun.
Children then find creative ways to raise the funds to purchase their animals.
Children then form orderly lines by classrooms facing the front of the gym.
Children then glue the magazine pictures into the appropriate columns.
Children then guess which fruit is missing.
Children then have a more severe and rapid deterioration of mental and motor function.
Children then have a time of hands-on response where they can express their own worship experiences.
Children then have the chance to practice the skill through role playing.
Children then have the opportunity to develop their imagination and communication skills.
Children then have the option of staying for the marine life exhibit.
Children then learn a variety of different strategies for problem solving.
Children then learn that consequences go with their decisions.
Children then leave for individual classes to enjoy Bible stories and fun learning activities.
Children then make their own version from scratch.
Children then make thumbprints on their tree to match the numbers on each page.
Children then mold it on p aper p lates before eating.
Children then paint paper with dark water colors or diluted tempera paint wash.
Children then paint their cactus's.
Children then participate in songs and dances of the period.
Children then pin an animal picture card to the beginning letter name of that animal.
Children then place their hand on the paper to create a handprint.
Children then play in that dirt and directly ingest it, or it is tracked into the house on shoes.
Children then produce a writing of each trait.
Children then relate, where possible, all their learning activities to the theme.
Children then remember where cards are placed, for when it's their turn, to collect matches.
Children then report to their classes depending on age and grade.
Children then respond by supporting our overseas missionaries through their Buddy Barrels.
Children then return and using the markers print the words of the memory verse onto the hands.
Children then see the reaction adults have to death.
Children then select another title to independently plot a graph using another of the above books.
Children then sit in a circle and form two-legged creatures with their fingers and count by twos.
Children then study and extend the pattern, using the same material.
Children then tie strips of material on hanger until the hanger is completely full.
Children then try to complete a nutritious and varied meal.
Children then try to guess which item is missing.
Children then use the apparatus to develop coordination, attention to details, and good work habits.
Children then use the bells to improvise their own tunes and to play traditional melodies.
Children then vote on which directive they feel is correct.
Children then work in group to read the chapter.
Children then work individually.
Children then write the research in a genre they feel is well-suited to their topic.
Children there experience life differently than children in the United States.
Children think and do something about it if they are given an exact aim of the work.
Children think and learn differently than adults do, and the Web sites they like are different, too.
Children think by memorizing, while adults memorize by thinking.
Children think differently from adults.
Children think differently than adults, speak differently, and behave differently.
Children think hard and deeply about loss, longing and pain.
Children think it is magic, and grownups love the no cleanup feature.
Children think it is their fault when parents divorce in constant conflict.
Children think like adults.
Children think money grows on trees.
Children think of a mystery object or place and describe it using similes without saying what it is.
Children think of an outstanding event that has happened in their lives.
Children think of metals and wood as typical solids.
Children think of questions about how a newspaper is put together.
Children think of rhyming words that are related to the body.
Children think of the end of the school year.
Children think of ways to improve the menu.
Children think that anything in a cup, soft drink bottle or glass is safe to eat or drink.
Children think that rules pop out of nowhere.
Children think that they 'belong' only by hurting others when they are hurt.
Children think that they can jump from here to the moon.
Children think that they're getting less attention, and less love, and they become envious.
Children think the divorce is a secret because no one talks about it.
Children think their options are limited.
Children think their parents are perfect.
Children think they are real.
Children think they 'belong' only when they are noticed or are the center of attention.
Children think they deserve the abuse, and they turn on themselves.
Children think they're great to look at and they try to catch the sparkles with their hands.
Children think, learn, become responsible, independent, critical thinkers.
Children thoroughly enjoy the chance to act out a biblical story.
Children thread red, white and blue streamers through the chain link fence to make a flag.
Children thrive and grow into healthy adults when they have access to both parents.
Children thrive and succeed because they feel loved and cared for.
Children thrive because of the strong relationships they form with their teachers and classmates.
Children thrive best in a safe environment that provides consistency, structure and nurturing.
Children thrive best when they are reared in positive, loving, supportive environments.
Children thrive from parental participation and presence.
Children thrive from the attention and study help.
Children thrive in a culture of contentedness and structure.
Children thrive in a safe, healthy environment.
Children thrive in a safe, nurturing, orderly, purposeful environment.
Children thrive in an atmosphere of love.
Children thrive in an atmosphere of security and consistency.
Children thrive in an environment that is stable and predictable.
Children thrive in vibrant environments where they are nurtured and cherished.
Children thrive knowing their presence and absence makes a difference.
Children thrive on attention, whether it's good or bad.
Children thrive on consistency.
Children thrive on diets.
Children thrive on having someone appreciate their developing skills.
Children thrive on herbivorous diets.
Children thrive on joy.
Children thrive on judgments.
Children thrive on new experiences and successful goal achievement.
Children thrive on orderliness.
Children thrive on play.
Children thrive on praise and appreciation.
Children thrive on praise.
Children thrive on regularity and consistency throughout childhood.
Children thrive on routine.
Children thrive on the predictability of rituals and routines.
Children thrive when they are given responsibilities.
Children thrive when they feel good about themselves.
Children thrive when they feel loved and cared for by their parents.
Children thrive when they feel secure.
Children thrive when they have a positive sense of self-worth.
Children thrive with a little more responsibility.
Children thrive with positive reinforcement.
Children throw and catch the foam ball with the other children in the room.
Children throw balls.
Children throw coins into the city s fountains for happiness .
Children throw rocks and bottles.
Children throw their bits of bread to the clamouring ducks.
Children thus find themselves thrust in the role of mother or father or both.
Children to attend primary schools.
Children to attend schools.
Children to become adults.
Children to become citizens.
Children to develop interpersonal skills.
Children to develop skills.
Children to draw conclusions.
Children to drink water.
Children to eat food.
Children to eat healthy food.
Children to eat nutritious food.
Children to express emotion.
Children to express feelings.
Children to express preference.
Children to follow examples.
Children to follow rules.
Children to go to schools.
Children to identify shapes.
Children to identify simple shapes.
Children to learn lessons.
Children to learn sports.
Children to leave homes.
Children to participate in activities.
Children to participate in chore.
Children to participate in strenuous activities.
Children to perform chore.
Children to perform common household chore.
Children to perform household chore.
Children to practice skills.
Children to say goodbyes.
Children to share observations.
Children to survive winter.
Children together identify the criteria for their poems, and compose their own poems.
Children tolerate brainstem compression produced by herniation better than adults.
Children tolerate liver transplant well.
Children tolerate pain better than adults do .
Children tolerate pain better than adults do.
Children tolerate procedures differently.
Children tolerate quinacrine poorly.
Children tolerate surgery and anaesthesia better when they are well prepared.
Children tolerate surgery and anesthesia better when they are well-prepared.
Children tolerate the adjustment well.
Children tolerate transplantation better in general.
Children too are citizens, contributing both when young and later.
Children too are great consumers of stories and the written word.
Children too are most at risk from unrelated males with whom they live.
Children too can enjoy the healthy taste of nettle, as a good blood purifier.
Children too can find the whole experience digestively terrifying.
Children too can fish, in the safe waters of the lakes, pools and beaches of the area.
Children too can gain essential knowledge and pursue personal interests through informational texts.
Children too can have a stroke, especially a subarachnoid haemorrhage.
Children too feel blue and feel the longings of their souls.
Children too have a role to play in our drama.
Children too have their part in family maintenance.
Children too study by pine light in the schools.
Children toss a penny to determine whether the player with the most or the fewest cards wins.
Children toss the die and perform exercise that faces up.
Children touch eyes.
Children touch faces.
Children touch surfaces.
Children touch toilet seats, flush handles and railings.
Children tour a plant museum and visit several ecosystems.
Children tour the body in a miniature ship and learn tips about healthy diet and lifestyle.
Children trace , cut out, and put paint drops on one side of the butterfly.
Children trace a body pattern onto white and black paper and cut out.
Children trace around the shape of their hands and on each finger write five words to learn.
Children trace shamrock, minus the stem, on green construction paper and cut out.
Children transfer from other schools fairly frequently here in Hampton.
Children trapped in trunks can die of suffocation or heat stroke.
Children travel  to the nearest high school, do home school, or attend boarding schools.
Children travel across the room and back while they act like an animal.
Children travel back and forth.
Children travel from all around our District to attend.
Children travel half fare.
Children travel only in familiar areas and along an established route.
Children travel through various stages of inventive spelling in which different strategies are used.
Children travel to various urban and rural areas of Baltimore city to sketch and paint outdoors.
Children traveling alone pay the full adult fare.
Children traveling unaccompanied pay a full adult fare.
Children travelling alone have no documentation and are easily recruited as soldiers.
Children treat others as they are treated.
Children treat violence as normal thing.
Children truly are the future of our country.
Children trust and believe and see things in a way that is pure and honest.
Children trust the power of words.
Children trust their parents.
Children try different behaviors to develop their personalities and to learn what is acceptable.
Children try each word two or three ways and then use a resource to check the spellings.
Children try either to steal objects or catch the thief.
Children try on a role.
Children try on adulthood.
Children try out different roles and occupations such as firefighter, dancer, mom, dad and singer.
Children try out lots of different things in the normal process of development.
Children try to be the boss and are unhappy if they lose.
Children try to climb on the horses' backs.
Children try to figure out what went wrong.
Children try to find as many objects as they can that begin with the featured letter.
Children try to find the various items in the photo.
Children try to guess what each object is used for.
Children try to guess who is singing which part.
Children try to hide from the bully by staying in the safety of their own homes.
Children try to imitate their parents.
Children try to meet the expectations of both parents and friends.
Children try to play such games well because they want to sustain interaction with peers.
Children try to realise own plan.
Children try to resolve conflicts nonviolently.
Children try to sit still for up to twenty minutes following an object.
Children try to sound-out and spell words in phrases and stories.
Children try to survive and look for a reason to live but are questioning about trusting others.
Children try to toss the fleas into the container.
Children try to understand the plights of underfunded libraries .
Children try to use the moves at home on their older brother or sister.
Children tumble out.
Children tumble underfoot.
Children tune off when they receive speeches.
Children tune out lectures.
Children tune out negative messages.
Children turn backs.
Children turn into terrorists dealing illegal drugs.
Children turn out fine either way.
Children turn out with rakes and trowels to plant in spring.
Children turn over two tiles at a time and try to find matches.
Children turn the pages and amusing animated images play out each nursery rhyme.
Children turn the water faucet on or fall into a tub of hot water.
Children turn to crime and drugs, which lead to more crime, when they feel a void in their lives.
Children turn to dogs to love and be loved, for companionship, fun, and comfort.
Children turn to the contents page and find the word marsupial.
Children type the letters correctly and a star appears in the letter's place.
Children typically develop fluency in reading in the second or third grade.
Children typically do best when their daily routines are predictable and consistent.
Children typically drown in under three minutes.
Children typically have bilateral involvement with papillitis following an antecedent viral illness.
Children typically learn from everything - TV, radio, books, adults, games, play etc.
Children typically learn to read primers and occasionally the Bible in their native language.
Children typically look at the symbols and words and cue themselves from the display.
Children typically lose weight.
Children typically love music.
Children typically outgrow allergies to foods such as milk, wheat and eggs.
Children typically receive new clothes or toys.
Children typically receive services for a few days to a week.
Children typically respond very positively and require shorter recuperation and healing times.
Children typically share the menu bar, tool bar, and other parts of the parent's interface.
Children typically spend more time outdoors in the sunlight than adults.
Children typically walk three to four hours each way to attend the school.
Children typically wear fancy kimono for special festivals and visits to local shrines on holidays.
Children ultimately become responsible for their own actions.
Children ultimately suffer.
Children unabashedly ask for what they want, and nobody minds.
Children unconsciously are a bit self-centred and have to be trained to learn to say thanks.
Children Underachieve New research by opticians pinpoints the problem.
Children undergo a complex process of brain development very early in life.
Children undergo additional testing requiring a second visit to the medical center.
Children undergo blood transfusions bi-weekly and painful daily treatments.
Children undergo dental procedures.
Children undergo examinations.
Children undergo procedures.
Children undergo tests.
Children understand a lot of what's said long before they can reply in words.
Children understand activities.
Children understand and can accept human frailty.
Children understand benefits.
Children understand cessations.
Children understand chance and are willing to accept the fairness of such a decision.
Children understand crime and punishment very well, so compare it to telling a lie or cheating.
Children understand death in widely different ways depending on their ages.
Children understand differences.
Children understand enjoyable activities.
Children understand faith.
Children understand fire as a weapon.
Children understand geography while discovering the creatures that live on each continent.
Children understand global issues, sometimes even more then the more minute ones.
Children understand importance.
Children understand inclusion far more than exclusion.
Children understand more language than they can express during their early years.
Children understand needing something special.
Children understand people.
Children understand responsibility.
Children understand stories long before they understand trigonometry.
Children understand tantrums.
Children understand that all behavior has natural consequences.
Children understand that real law is based on morality.
Children understand that the rules are different when they are sick.
Children understand that the world is a complicated and often scary place.
Children understand that.
Children understand the basic units of a family.
Children understand the biological facts of death.
Children understand the concept of illnesses according to their cognitive development.
Children understand the value of effort.
Children understand their inclusion far better than their exclusion.
Children understand through experiences in their own lives.
Children unfortunately are no exception.
Children universally try to imitate natural sounds and learn by mimicry of older per- sons.
Children unusually express high levels of fear and boredom.
Children unwittingly arrange meetings or give out personal information.
Children unwittingly have to serve as garbage collectors.
Children use a brush to paint one side of their lid with the glue.
Children use a dry erase marker and write a word in the blank.
Children use a formal or informal standard for determining length, weight, volume, and quantity.
Children use a lot of different books on one subject.
Children use a microscope to look closely at plant fibres and synthetic fibres.
Children use a range of equipment independently, e.g., ruler, tape, weighing scales, thermometer.
Children use a range of equipment, including instruments with fine divisions.
Children use a range of resources including maps, computers, pictures and books.
Children use a stick to try to break the pinata.
Children use a tagger s choice rule.
Children Use a thin strip of the ointment in the eye one to three times a day.
Children use a variety of colored markers, pencils, pens, and other writing instruments.
Children use a wide array of creative media and activities.
Children use a wide range of equipment independently and accurately.
Children use a wide variety of multimedia software to learn about computers and the world.
Children use adaptation by changing  schemas to fit the world.
Children use adaptation by changing schemas to fit the world .
Children use all of their senses to learn about the world.
Children use all the above tactics, and more, to get their way with their parents.
Children use an awl to punch holes for each stitch.
Children use an interactive world map and phone to order shoe parts.
Children use arithmetic skills to solve problems.
Children use available materials for fun.
Children use books.
Children use color tiles to develop patterns and solution strategies.
Children use colorful small elasticized cloth hair ties as rings on their own fingers.
Children use computers in their classrooms.
Children use computers.
Children use concrete materials before abstract symbols are introduced.
Children use cookie cutters to cut-out their own shapes.
Children use cope strategies.
Children use creative movement.
Children use crumbs from failed loaves to feed the birds outside theirroom.
Children use cups.
Children use different numbers of crayons to create different shapes.
Children use different shades of green tissue paper and stick it on the paper with starch.
Children use digit cards to create sums and then calculate.
Children use dislocations mainly in non-coreferential contexts with one function only.
Children use drawing as an outlet to 'air' their lively imagination.
Children use droppers to put a small amount of black paint onto their webs.
Children use energy.
Children use existing bedding.
Children use exploration.
Children use familiar equipment independently, e.g., weighing scales, ruler.
Children use fantasy play to reenact life as they see it and to mimic adult actions.
Children use fewer generalizations, categories, or principles.
Children use fingertips.
Children use food.
Children use free hand to draw a cumulus cloud.
Children use games flexibly to meet social and intellectual needs.
Children use gestures before they use words.
Children use going into the street as a near-perfect way to gain parents' attention.
Children use half the adult recommendation.
Children use hands and fingers to paint pictures on a smooth surface or paper.
Children use imaginary friends as a crutch rather than as a lie.
Children use imaginary friends to work out all kinds of things.
Children use initiative daily.
Children use instructional software to increase written communication and presentation skills.
Children use instruments.
Children use integer bars as a nonstandard tool to measure length.
Children use invented spelling to express themselves in writing.
Children use it a lot as a means to drive their parents crazy.
Children use it as a store, post office, library and whatever else suits their fancy.
Children use it for educations, school projects, fun and games.
Children use it like a video game.
Children use it to express their thoughts in print.
Children use it to find new games.
Children use it to record their observations of products with moving parts.
Children use just as much paper as they did before computers became a classroom standard.
Children use knowledge.
Children use laminated word cards to build sentences.
Children use lots of words they only partially understand.
Children use magnetic fishing rods to attract different geometric shapes from a pond.
Children use make-believe play to test multiple skills and achieve important cultural abilities.
Children use many cueing strategies .
Children use many different avenues to get to the same end.
Children use materials.
Children use melody bells to improve impulse control.
Children use methods.
Children use more air per pound of body weight than adults.
Children use movement to explore and discover their environment from birth.
Children use movement.
Children use objects to represent mathematics concepts.
Children use observation.
Children Use one drop in the eye one to three times a day.
Children Use one drop in the eye two times a day for one to three days before the examination.
Children Use one drop in the eye two times a day for two days before the examination.
Children use only the front of the cards.
Children use ONLY under adult supervision.
Children use oral and written language in a dynamic learning environment.
Children use our quilts in the car, stroller and for cuddle and nap time.
Children use pencils.
Children use phonetic reading incorporating phonogram blends and sight word vocabulary.
Children use pipe cleaners on the sides to hold the glasses on their heads.
Children use planning time to think and talk about what they want to do with their parents.
Children use real sinks and refrigerators instead of play ones.
Children use safety pins to attach the fuzzy creatures to their clothing.
Children use salt.
Children use scientific processes and methods to investigate themselves and their environment.
Children use scribbles, lines, pictures, and invented spelling to begin to write.
Children use sentence strip cards to rewrite the chart using new words.
Children use simple lap looms and shuttles to create a plain weave fabric.
Children use spoons to put marbles in the box.
Children use spoons.
Children use stamps and paint tools to create a scene of life underground.
Children use stencils and paint to make patterned wrapping paper.
Children use strategies and computational skills to solve the problems.
Children use strategies.
Children use straws to make bridges, spaceships, vehicles.
Children use such freedom in their creations with color and texture.
Children use such words and protests.
Children use syntax to learn verb meanings.
Children use tall tales to find their way into reality.
Children use technology.
Children use telecommunications to support their learning.
Children use the blocks to build and create many things.
Children use the clay to sculpt or build a castle.
Children use the computer as one of many ways of representing their learning.
Children use the computer for accessing programs that are on our network.
Children use the computer for playing purposes.
Children use the context as well as the length of the covered word, to make predictions.
Children use the gymnasium as a lunchroom.
Children use the Internet for Web surfing, informal learning, e-mail and chat.
Children use the keyboard while parents control the mouse to keep the game new and exciting.
Children use the keyboard.
Children use the language of measurement and geometry in their everyday communication.
Children use the mouse to explore and rearrange six rooms, solve problems and act out fantasies.
Children use the name cards and make the names using the magnetic letters.
Children use the only tools at their disposal for venting frustration.
Children use the phones for both personal calls and as a safety device for emergency situations.
Children use the seeds for playing.
Children use the sidewalks whenever possible.
Children use the small farmhouse to store their tools and set up a vegetable stand.
Children use the smaller red one.
Children use the soft, die-cut animals to learn about five different animal habitats.
Children use the string of beads available from every page to measure the objects in the pictures.
Children use the theater in Language and Reading, creating their own puppets and shows.
Children use the words and structure sentences they have learned in class.
Children use their bicycles more than adults, but adults travel greater distances.
Children use their eyes, ears, mouths, and fingers simultaneously.
Children use their eyes, ears, mouths, and fingers.
Children use their feet, hands, eyes, and other body parts in daily activities.
Children use their imagination and can see their own pets and toys behind the lines of the visuals.
Children use their imagination to create their very own theme park.
Children use their imagination to unfocus from their daily lives.
Children use their imaginations and creativity to explore Alaska.
Children use their imaginations to build houses, buildings, creatures, etc.
Children use their PRD to read the story.
Children use their radar to feel the atmosphere of the parents.
Children use their senses to experience almost everything.
Children use their senses to observe, describe, and predict.
Children use their symbols daily.
Children use thinking skills when making musical judgments and choices.
Children use toys and objects to stand for other things.
Children use variety of coping strategies when dealing with problems they confront.
Children use virtual science tools to learn about the solar system.
Children use watercolors to do a painting of Florida.
Children use what they learn from their teachers everyday and that is what is so special.
Children use words to communicate.
Children use words to get back at others.
Children use writing to explore and synthesize their learning about curriculum and class trips.
Children use writing to read and the children's publishing center to develop writing skills.
Children using braces or wheelchairs are also welcome.
Children using context clues learn to accept inaccuracy and failure.
Children using fire is the leading cause of fire death in preschool-age children.
Children using online services are subject to several risks.
Children using poorly fitting adult belts can suffer serious internal injuries in a crash.
Children using the Internet can face hidden dangers.
Children using the Internet can rapidly research topics of interest.
Children using the stove to make soup or cookies can result in unnecessary burns.
Children utilize different capacities of knowledge in learning.
Children value the things that their parents value.
Children vary according to age and ability to understand death.
Children vary and many appear overweight when compared to their friends but really are normal.
Children vary enormously.
Children vary greatly according to their interests, readiness and skills.
Children vary greatly from one another, as well as individually from one age to another.
Children vary greatly in their ability to cooperate, in their teachability.
Children vary immensely in their development.
Children vary in age from newborns to kindergarteners.
Children vary in intellectual, social, and emotional development just as they differ physically.
Children vary in learning rates.
Children vary in the norms of development, from the age they start to walk, talk, read, etc.
Children vary in their development of speech and language.
Children vary in their responses to sexual abuse.
Children vary on how fast they use their oxygen in a drowning emergency.
Children vary widely in their capacity to hold urine.
Children vary widely in their susceptibility to such side effects.
Children vary widely.
Children view acts of un-peace on TV as well as everyday life.
Children view and analyze video vignettes of common interpersonal situations.
Children view centers as a reward.
Children view commercials for sugared food products with empty calories on an almost constant basis.
Children view experience.
Children view summer as a time of carefree play, little responsibility, and little structure.
Children view the whole world with wonder.
Children view the world differently than adults.
Children view their cartoon idols sweeping away the refuge of evil.
Children view their families as role models.
Children view TV males as leaders and problem solvers.
Children visit all parts of the Temple to learn about religious symbols and ceremonies.
Children visit doctors.
Children visit homes in the neighbourhood and sing songs.
Children visit nursery of local hospital and complete language experience activity related to trip.
Children visit often to play games, sit on laps and share young energy.
Children visit our goldfish pond, extensive flower beds, mini-orchard, and greenhouses.
Children visit parents.
Children visit the early Jurassic forest in the exhibition center.
Children visit the Hat Works at potential apprentices.
Children visit the library individually and with their class group at scheduled times.
Children visit the library individually and with their class group.
Children visit the library weekly.
Children visit their birth family until they can be reunited or parental rights are terminated.
Children visit their local branch twice a week and are matched with a volunteer.
Children visiting can now dress in costume.
Children visiting parents in prison on a weekday also miss school days.
Children visiting relatives on farm in summer learn how rural differs from urban life.
Children voice their desire to become leaders in field.
Children vote for their favourite food on the menu.
Children vote for their favourite.
Children vow to be well-behaved and are often given gifts of cash wrapped in red paper.
Children wail, get lost, are found again, cry again.
Children wait for adoptive families for a variety of reasons.
Children wait for hours in the freezing early morning to buy bread for their families.
Children wait patiently to be photoscreened.
Children wait to eat at a feeding center in Huambo in the interior region of Angola.
Children wait to greet the teams on their way through.
Children wait to witness a faith expressed in love.
Children wait until they are thirsty before seeking out a fluid source.
Children wake up with nightmares.
Children walk a little more than adults.
Children walk around circle while listening to music.
Children walk barefoot in open sewers where mangy dogs sleep.
Children walk from footprint to footprint while music plays.
Children walk hand in hand.
Children walk on balance beams, swing on the bars and jump on the trampoline.
Children walk on both sides of the street.
Children walk through a kitchen, living room, and bedroom locating potential fire hazards.
Children walk to attend school and some of their teachers do too.
Children walk to school .
Children walk to school and play activities.
Children walk to school in designated groups from their neghborhoods.
Children walk to school nearby.
Children walk to school together in groups, supervised and guided by parents.
Children walk to school with books in their arms.
Children walk to school with their backpacks.
Children walk towards a traffic light.
Children wander from their parents in parks and malls.
Children wander past gambling on their way to the candy counter.
Children want animals.
Children want dogs.
Children want food.
Children want horses.
Children want information.
Children want more information.
Children want pets.
Children want ponies.
Children want security.
Children wash dishes from breakfast.
Children wash hands and help set the tables.
Children wash hands, pour juice and count their snack when they are ready.
Children wash hands.
Children wash in water tumbling off a cliff.
Children wash their hands after toileting and before meals.
Children watch a video and learn a rhyme about crossing the street safely.
Children watch a video, tour the obstetrical areas and discuss having a new member in the family.
Children watch adults and imitate their behavior.
Children watch and are enthralled with excitement and the beauty of the kill.
Children watch and learn behaviors by their parents.
Children watch and learn.
Children watch and listen to the attitudes of the adults.
Children watch and read selected vocabulary.
Children watch animals.
Children watch as much television in one day as they read for fun in an entire week.
Children watch as soldiers ensure the village's well water is drinkable.
Children watch butterflies.
Children watch countless acts of violence every day while sitting in front of the television.
Children watch dogs.
Children watch enough TV as it is.
Children watch fish.
Children watch how adults communicate verbally and non verbally to form their own understanding.
Children watch in pain.
Children watch nesting green turtles and help the hatchlings back to the sea after they emerge.
Children watch others closely and are great imitators.
Children watch rabbits.
Children watch so much television today.
Children watch squirrels.
Children watch superheroes fight the bad evil villain and save the day.
Children watch television because it is intrinsically rewarding, it's fun, it's worth doing.
Children watch television instead of hearing stories.
Children watch television.
Children watch the colourful butterflies in flower beds and try to draw the ones they liked best.
Children watch the TV program to get hints on how to play the game, for example.
Children watch their parents and grandparents.
Children watch their parents and other adults use bad language and show hostility behind the wheel.
Children watch their parents carefully.
Children watch their parents closely to see how they conduct their lives.
Children watch their parents, and other adults, for clues on how to behave.
Children watch their parents.
Children watch their teacher and listen carefully to what is read.
Children watch turtles.
Children watch what their parents do.
Children watch what their parents eat, so set a good example.
Children wave and whistle at the soldiers.
Children wave at the roadside between a sprinkling of goats, sheep, chickens and cattle.
Children wave gaily decorated flags.
Children wave to absent fathers.
Children -We offer picture books for the young child and chapter books for new readers.
Children wear and also all types of decoractions.
Children wear blue or multi coloured jellabas.
Children wear colourful dresses.
Children wear costumes and masks and knock on neighbor s doors for candy or fruit.
Children wear exact scaled down versions of adult clothing.
Children wear jeans, sweaters, sometimes dresses.
Children wear nametags that are color-coded to allow game operators to know individual skill levels.
Children wear pajamas, and parents and children sit together on blankets and read stories.
Children wear summer garments year round.
Children wear their own clothes rather than hospital gowns.
Children wear their pajamas and bring their teddy-bears.
Children wear white clothing, with a crown of flowers in their hair.
Children wearing costumes can participate in a costume parade.
Children wearing disposable diapers get diaper rash more often than children wearing cotton diapers.
Children weave in and out with fresh dough on their heads.
Children weave the snakes in and out of the paper.
Children weigh lbs.
Children welcome and catered for.
Children welcome and entertained by our junior deckhands.
Children welcome and pets by arrangement.
Children welcome as are well-behaved dogs.
Children welcome at all activities and meetings.
Children welcome at any age.
Children welcome at no charge.
Children welcome at selected locations.
Children welcome at the first showing with an adult.
Children welcome based on availability.
Children welcome based on room availability.
Children welcome but no pets or smokers please.
Children welcome but no special facilities.
Children welcome but uncommon.
Children welcome but unusual.
Children welcome by prior arrangement only.
Children welcome by prior arrangement.
Children welcome by special arrangement.
Children welcome daily with parent.
Children welcome downstairs.
Children welcome embrace of a dead baby angel.
Children welcome from any age.
Children welcome here.
Children welcome if mutually agreed in advance.
Children welcome if of self governing age.
Children welcome if same party books all three rooms.
Children welcome if space available.
Children welcome if well behaved.
Children welcome in cabins or family suites.
Children welcome in certain rooms.
Children welcome in cottage.
Children welcome in cottages.
Children welcome in guest cottage, no smoking or pets.
Children welcome in large cabins.
Children welcome in our worship.
Children welcome in outside cabins.
Children welcome in private group.
Children welcome in some cottages.
Children welcome in some rooms.
Children welcome in suites.
Children welcome in the cottage.
Children welcome in the Country Suite.
Children welcome in the efficiency apartments.
Children welcome in the Guest Cottage.
Children Welcome in the Suite.
Children welcome on a limited basis.
Children welcome on first floor.
Children welcome on weekdays.
Children welcome seduction, they believe in it.
Children welcome to attend.
Children welcome to come and help create the Easter garden in the church.
Children welcome under control of responsible parents.
Children welcome upon prior arrangement.
Children welcome weekdays.
Children welcome when sharing room with their parents.
Children welcome with a family discount.
Children welcome with adults.
Children welcome with advance inquiry.
Children welcome with advance notice.
Children welcome with an adult.
Children welcome with arrangement.
Children welcome with instructor s consent.
Children welcome with notice.
Children welcome with parent.
Children welcome with parents' responsibility.
Children welcome with parents, but please, no school or care groups.
Children welcome with prior approval.
Children welcome with prior arrangement.
Children welcome with restrictions.
Children welcome with special arrangement.
Children welcome within limits.
Children welcome year-round.
Children welcome, absolutely no smoking inside, no pets.
Children welcome, and well-behaved pets by arrangement.
Children welcome, but no separate or formal childcare provided.
Children welcome, but sorry, no pets or smokers.
Children welcome, but sorry, no pets.
Children welcome, but sorry, no smokers or pets.
Children welcome, but uncommon.
Children welcome, call for picking conditions.
Children welcome, cribs available.
Children welcome, evening meal available.
Children welcome, full bar, private parking lot.
Children welcome, full bar.
Children welcome, however, fire regulations allow only two occupants per room.
Children welcome, if supervised.
Children welcome, licenced bar and refreshments available.
Children welcome, no pets, no smoking in the house.
Children welcome, no pets, no smoking.
Children welcome, no pets, smoking outside only.
Children welcome, no pets.
Children welcome, no smoking or pets.
Children welcome, no smoking, pets negotiable.
Children welcome, no smoking, pool, queen beds, private baths, full breakfast.
Children welcome, non smoking, no pets and prices include continental breakfast.
Children welcome, pets .
Children welcome, pets by arrangement.
Children welcome, pets considered.
Children welcome, pets negotiable, smoking outside only.
Children welcome, pets okay if secured outside.
Children welcome, pets with permission, no smoking indoors.
Children welcome, satellite TV, coffee and rolls, snowmobile trail access.
Children welcome, smoke free.
Children welcome, smoking outside only, no pets.
Children welcome, smoking outside only, pets possible.
Children welcome, smoking outside, no pets.
Children welcome, smoking outside, pets welcome.
Children welcome, smoking permitted.
Children welcome, smoking restricted, pets negotiable.
Children welcome, under age two stay free.
Children welcome,family oriented.
Children Welcome. .
Children whisper, write or spell elimination or sex words.
Children will have choices.
Children will have disorder.
Children will have genetic disorder.
Children will have importance.
Children will have mild symptoms.
Children will have strength.
Children will have symptoms.
Children will have vegetarian choices.
Children win because they become educated about and protected from crime abuse and neglect.
Children win if they engage parents in battle.
Children win with improved pain management.
Children win, gain higher self-esteem, parents win, the teachers win.
Children wish for presents they aren t likely to receive.
Children wish to be recognized for their accomplishments just as adults do.
Children wish to control their world and experiences as much as possible.
Children witness their parents beaten and killed.
Children witness violence in the home, in their schools, and in their communities.
Children wonder why their daddies or mommies have left.
Children work a greater metamorphosis in men than any other condition of life.
Children work alone or in groups during free play and at other choice times.
Children work and play at their own pace on projects that appeal to their individual interests.
Children work around a theme to create a project.
Children work as a group on prepared lessons.
Children work at different rates.
Children work at their own maximum pace, helping each other by intention or invitation.
Children work at their own pace and are encouraged to progress as quickly as they are able.
Children work at their own pace and at their own level.
Children work at their own pace and follow their own program.
Children work at their own pace and level.
Children work at their own pace.
Children work at their own rate and at their own level during center time.
Children work both alone and in groups to solve real problems, and they learn from each other.
Children work closely with adults by serving others in puppets, music, drama and ushering.
Children work cooperatively and independently to achieve their academic and musical goals.
Children work cooperatively in large groups, small groups and individually.
Children work for various reasons, often to financially support themselves and their families.
Children work hard to earn praise from important people in their lives.
Children work hard.
Children work in a world that is designed by and for adults.
Children work in different capacities on different academic levels.
Children work in groups for many project.
Children work in groups.
Children work in mixed age groups and are encouraged to teach and collaborate with each other.
Children work in other countries for a variety of reasons.
Children work in pairs.
Children work in self-contained classrooms with fully qualified teachers.
Children work in small literacy groups and unlock clues for reading with fluency.
Children work in sweatshops too.
Children work in the area of their own choice and choose their own materials.
Children work in the brass ware industry.
Children work in their journals by drawing pictures and using inventive spelling.
Children work in whole group, small group, and independent settings, depending on individual needs.
Children work independently and cooperatively in groups during class time.
Children work independently and with the teacher, individually, in small groups, and as a class.
Children work independently during work time, in areas of their interest.
Children work independently.
Children work individually and in small groups at a wide range of specifically designed tasks.
Children work individually and in small groups.
Children work individually or in groups starting with same material as above less the dice.
Children work individually or in small groups.
Children work individually, in pairs, or within small groups.
Children work like slaves in numerous countries, like child labor .
Children work long hours at stoop labor, handle dangerous equipment, and are exposed to pesticides.
Children work on a project in a library.
Children work on basic gross motor skills such as running, skipping, galloping, hopping, etc.
Children work on teams and lead to complete the activity.
Children work on their problem-solving skills in many areas of life.
Children work primarily for economic reasons, to supplement low family income.
Children work sometimes alone, sometimes in teams.
Children work the streets of the rapidly expanding cities in the developing world.
Children work the streets, again.
Children work through an entire session before they go back to correct their errors.
Children work through the lessons by dragging answers from a list to the correct questions.
Children work through the scientific process during lessons in math and social studies.
Children work together in multi-age classes.
Children work together in small groups to solve problems, answer questions, or brainstorm ideas.
Children work together on cooperative games and projects.
Children work together to achieve academic, social and emotional growth.
Children work together to build a structure.
Children work together using their perceptual, verbal and critical thinking skills.
Children work toward the goal of playing arcade-style games as rewards for their hard work.
Children work well individually and in groups.
Children work with berries, feathers, leaves, and sticks to create cave paintings.
Children work with concrete materials representing abstract concepts.
Children work with coordination skills using a variety of equipment.
Children work with farm animals, enjoy arts and crafts and study ocean ecology.
Children work with manipulative to learn a wide range of mathematical concepts.
Children work with partners.
Children work with their parents at a young age.
Children working in agriculture suffer a high rate of injuries from knives and heavy equipment.
Children working in agriculture suffer high rates of injuries.
Children worry about the social aspects of moving more than the academic aspects.
Children worry about what can happen when they're alone.
Children worship together by praying, singing, and listening to a Bible message.
Children worship with adults for the first portion of the service.
Children worship with parents at the sanctuary.
Children worship with their families and leave during the sermon for a children s homily.
Children wrestle according to age and weight guidelines.
Children write a book report in hebrew.
Children write a menu for the hangi.
Children write a poem using the image they have chosen as inspiration.
Children write a recipe for an ideal Indian feast.
Children write a series of poems just by filling in the blanks.
Children write a summary of what they have found.
Children write a teddy story.
Children write about their homes, schools, traditions, etc.
Children write about what their Grandma can do in a booklet.
Children write an imaginative story about the picture.
Children write an online letter to Santa and they then receive an email response back from Santa.
Children write and illustrate their own books that are shared with the class.
Children write and illustrate using the framework provided and the brainstorm chart.
Children write and illustrate, using framework provided and the brainstorm chart.
Children write and they are all at different stages of the writing process.
Children write as many words starting with 'b' as they can.
Children write books and the books are selected to be published.
Children write by clicking on words, pictures and sounds in grids designed by a teacher.
Children write down all the different noises they hear.
Children write down emergency information and learn what to do in case of an emergency.
Children write freely on the word processor.
Children write from the time they can hold their first crayon.
Children write group stories as a small team or whole class.
Children write haiku in elementary school.
Children write job descriptions for a spy and a detective.
Children write letters home and to community members asking for donations.
Children write letters to each other and take turns at delivering the mail.
Children write letters to fathers they have never seen.
Children write more formal letters to the teacher.
Children write numbers and alphabet.
Children write observations of sand samples.
Children write observations.
Children write one word on each paper, describing the picture.
Children write out a conversation between two feet as they go for a walk in the park perhaps.
Children write pleading letters to government officials to save the planet.
Children write poems based on the names and characteristics of countries.
Children write sentences about food they like and dislike, using adjectives from the chart.
Children write some of the best stories for children.
Children write statements describing their findings.
Children write stories.
Children write the beginning sound of the animal on the page.
Children write the instructions for the experiment and draw a picture of their observations.
Children Write The writing mini-lesson takes approximately ten minutes, including the editing.
Children write their name.
Children write their own first and last names.
Children write their own letter home using letter format outlined in above.
Children write their own list poem using any of the starter lines below.
Children write their wishes on the tanzaku.
Children write to Santa.
Children write very simple, yet meaningful, prayer petitions.
Children write what they want to be after high school and what the steps are to reach that goal.
Children write, draw and ask questions and make group decisions.
Children write, produce and stage class plays.
Children writing for children is our concept.
Children yearn profoundly to live lives that are as normal as possible.
Children yearn to learn and grow.
Childs currently focuses on both portraiture and still life painting.
Childs currently resides in Reno, Nevada.
Childs play area and enclosure with small animals for children.
Childs regularly samples soil in the fall.
Children always appreciate the fruits of the creative impulse.
Children always ask for more.
Children always ask questions.
Children always benefit from being read to or reading independently.
Children always benefit when there is close communication between the school and the family.
Children always come first.
Children always cope better when they have predictability.
Children always demonstrate a particular type of heart quality.
Children always detect hypocrisy.
Children always do.
Children always eat best in a relaxed atmosphere.
Children always enjoy adult participation in their lives.
Children always enjoy and look forward to Health Fair day.
Children always enjoy getting new clothes for school.
Children always enjoy looking at books with their parents.
Children always fare better with concrete information, as opposed to abstract concepts.
Children always feel like they're at fault.
Children always find something unclear or unfair about what they are required to do.
Children always grow.
Children always have a good and exciting time.
Children always have fun no matter where they are or what they do.
Children always have high hopes for their future.
Children always have low rank.
Children always have many teachers in their lives.
Children always have reasons for acting the way they do.
Children always have that little hope.
Children always have time to play.
Children always know when something is wrong.
Children always learn in school.
Children always learn.
Children always love a free pony ride.
Children always love to receive mail.
Children always love toys and for seniors, the exhibit brings back fond memories of days gone by.
Children always make a move more interesting, if also more exhausting and trying.
Children always observe and copy their parents carefully.
Children always pray about things that matter.
Children always prefer to have a new dress for an old doll rather than a new doll.
Children always receive special attention.
Children always require great energies from parents.
Children always ruin a marriage.
Children always sail with an experienced volunteer and receive simple instruction on boat operation.
Children always seem to be fully of energy.
Children always seem to look better to their own parents.
Children always stop at the curb or edge of the road.
Children always suffer when their parents divorce.
Children always swim with a buddy, never alone.
Children always take their parents as the high example that they follow.
Children always take their plays with a beautiful earnestness.
Children always wait to eat until after their parents have eaten.
Children always welcome.
Child frequently blurts out irrelevant information.
Children frequently become accidental victims of spouse abuse.
Children frequently blame themselves for their parents' marital problems.
Children frequently decide to stay by the second night, however.
Children frequently deny and completely repress situations of abuse which they have experienced.
Children frequently discover the feeling of power that comes from denying any adult what they want.
Children frequently feel overwhelmed, confused, frightened and as if they have no control.
Children frequently find the strange music and bright costumes to be fascinating.
Children frequently get ketones in their urine from being dehydrated during any type of illness.
Children frequently get up in the morning and can drink the 'leftovers'.
Children frequently have a more advanced stage of cancer when they are first diagnosed.
Children frequently have art projects or other activities.
Children frequently have episodes of vomiting even without toxic levels.
Children frequently have more difficulty with shoe-tying.
Children frequently have more protein in the urine when they are upright than they do when sleeping.
Children frequently have what is called postural proteinuria.
Children frequently lose access to one parent after a divorce.
Children frequently misbehave to gain their parents attention.
Children frequently misunderstand our behavior.
Children frequently outgrow the disorder.
Children frequently scratch dry areas of skin that causes further drying and even more itchiness.
Children frequently suck their thumb even in the womb.
Children frequently take the book home to read to the family.
Children frequently talk to themselves as they scribble, draw or attempt to write.
Children frequently testify before congressional and legislative committees.
Children frequently throw tantrums when they feel uninformed or powerless in a situation.
Children frequently try to protect their mother from the violence.
Children frequently view the boyfriend or girlfriend as a replacement of the parent.
Children frequently view the substitute's entry as a signal to misbehave.
Child often acts impulsively without thinking about it.
Child often fails to finish tasks.
Child often has motor skills problems, coordination, etc.
Children often accept what they are taught because their basis for questioning is limited.
Children often accompany their parents at services and are welcome.
Children often act and speak like their parents.
Children often act as a barrier to treatment.
Children often act before they think in angry situations.
Children often act impulsively before accurately assessing the entire situation.
Children often act like their parents act.
Children often act out as a result of family stress, such as a move or a divorce.
Children often act out the subconscious minds of the parents.
Children often act out the unexpressed fears and desires of their parents.
Children often adapt their vocal behavior in response to the vocal patterning of an adult.
Children often appear lethargic and irritable.
Children often appear nontoxic and healthy despite advanced infection and pyrexia.
Children often are afraid or ashamed to tell anyone that they have been bullied.
Children often are given steroids , but epinephrine is used in severe cases .
Children often are given steroids, but epinephrine is used in severe cases.
Children often are in the most danger.
Children often are more emotionally upset than they are physically injured after a minor fall.
Children often are the neglected mourners, but they do worry about death.
Children often are the ones who spread the disease.
Children often are unhappy and uncomfortable that way.
Children often arouse anger in adults when they provoke, tease, behave stubbornly, or attack others.
Children often attend both camp and youth league activities.
Children often bear the brunt.
Children often become depressed, troubled teenagers as they fall behind.
Children often become frustrated by following directions too.
Children often become pawns in the game of one-upmanship that often accompanies divorce proceedings.
Children often become tearful and upset when telling someone about it.
Children often begin masturbating at around eighteen months of age.
Children often begin to cry or tremble as they come out of shock.
Children often behave differently after they have been watching violent television programs.
Children often behave differently after they've been watching violent programmes on television.
Children often behave differently after they've been watching violent programs on television.
Children often believe that their parents favor the other child.
Children often believe that they are to blame for the maltreatment.
Children often believe that they can use rulers to measure area.
Children often believe they have caused the conflict between their mother and father.
Children often benefit from review and repetitions of reading material they have mastered.
Children often bite to express anger or other negative feelings.
Children often blame themselves for the divorce.
Children often blame themselves for the violence.
Children often break bones.
Children often bring home report cards that indicate they are reading proficiently.
Children often bring the virus into the school or home.
Children often can make the leap from the story to their lives.
Children often challenge their parents.
Children often climb up the open drawers of furniture.
Children often come back with very creative answers of their own.
Children often come in severely malnourished or sick due to poor prenatal care.
Children often compare themselves to their peers.
Children often compose original chants as they engage in physical activity.
Children often conclude that they somehow caused the death.
Children often conduct fundraising activities to raise money for the organization.
Children often confuse certain letters, such as b and d.
Children often connect with a book in a special way.
Children often consider silo filling time as fun, and they want to climb on wagons and tractors.
Children often consume foods high in fat and sodium - hamburgers, pizza and lunchmeats for example.
Children often contract leukemia even if there is no prior history of cancer in the family.
Children often create their own songs, melodies, and movements.
Children often cross unsecured portions of the site.
Children often cycle many times during one day, a condition known as ultra-ultra rapid cycling.
Children often dart out into the street without stopping or looking, and they are easily distracted.
Children often decide to eat with a friend or groups of friends.
Children often define themselves by how they are defined.
Children often delay sex if they have a future that appears bright.
Children often demand attention.
Children often demonstrate much in the way of creativity and imagination.
Children often deny that anything has changed.
Children often desire new things.
Children often develop ADD first and tics later.
Children often develop frequent, loose, or watery stools, sometimes accompanied by abdominal cramps.
Children often develop improved writing.
Children often develop pneumonia after they ve had a cold or the flu.
Children often develop small, flat warts on the face.
Children often die from lack of food or medicine.
Children often die, crating great agony for the surviving parent.
Children often disclose abuse after their parents have separated or divorced, when they feel safe.
Children often display violent behavior when they are suffering from sociopathic disorder.
Children often do comply with permissive parents as a result of the relationship.
Children often do little more than mimic our obsessions.
Children often do the unexpected on playground equipment.
Children often do things that are foolish because they are irresponsible and immature.
Children often do until about age four.
Children often do well at a buffet.
Children often do what they are taught to do.
Children often don t know the far-reaching benefits that practicing today can bring tomorrow.
Children often dress in costumes to go trick or treating.
Children often drift the most when tired, ill, etc.
Children often drink the pit water below ground.
Children often drive home the horror of war.
Children often eat hot cereal at breakfast.
Children often eat out of boredom on trips.
Children often eat poorly because they and their parents have failed to plan for better choices.
Children often emerge from school life with very little knowledge of matters of most importance.
Children often encounter common confusions in learning to spell.
Children often engage in acts of shoving and mild aggression.
Children often enjoy designing inventions to do routine tasks.
Children often enjoy having something new or special to wear the first day.
Children often enjoy learning about what their parents did as children.
Children often enjoy making art and readily participate, especially in the primary grades.
Children often enjoy searching for the letters that make up their own names.
Children often enjoy stories.
Children often enjoy visits here.
Children often enter openings feet first and attempt to slide through the opening.
Children often exhibit increased physical symptoms in responding to crisis.
Children often expect to play a role in the care of their elderly parents.
Children often experience a conflict of loyalty.
Children often experience a shortened attention span.
Children often experience difficulty with spelling because of the way that they pronounce words.
Children often experience many emotions when grieving.
Children often express fear and anger through their play.
Children often express interest in helping with household tasks between the ages of two and three.
Children often express what they are really feeling in their play.
Children often fall asleep for a couple of hours.
Children often fall victim to diarrhea from dirty water and inadequate hygiene.
Children often fantasize the worst and worry about things parents least expect.
Children often fear the unknown.
Children often feel ashamed of their parents' divorce.
Children often feel generally unwell, sometimes with a fever.
Children often feel guilty and angry when they lose a close family member.
Children often feel guilty, believing that they somehow caused the divorce.
Children often feel like failures.
Children often feel lonely when they are the last child picked up.
Children often feel more secure and loved when there is only one provider.
Children often feel more understood when parents accept and recognize children's feelings as real.
Children often feel powerless to stop the abuse.
Children often feel rejected or abandoned.
Children often feel responsible for the abuse, and therefore feel dirty and guilty.
Children often feel safer and more in control if they have been to a place before.
Children often feel that they are to blame for the breakup of their parents.
Children often feel that they cause the problems between the parents.
Children often feel they are to blame for the abuse.
Children often feel uneasy when they reach puberty either earlier or later than their peers.
Children often feel used by hostile or righteous parents.
Children often figure out negative attention is better than no attention at all.
Children often find it very difficult to seek adult help for sexual abuse.
Children often find processed meats easier to chew than other meats.
Children often find that estimation skills are useful in their daily lives.
Children often find the world of the Web even more fascinating than adults do.
Children often follow in a parent's footsteps.
Children often follow parents into the bathroom.
Children often follow the examples.
Children often forget there is still a completely enjoyable world away from computer screens.
Children often forget to tell their parents that they had an insulin reaction.
Children often form close bonds with people other than their biological or adoptive parents.
Children often gain entrance to our programs from our waitlist.
Children often get a mild fever along with the rash.
Children often get bored easily.
Children often get great joy from doing things that adults consider work.
Children often get into disagreements in elementary school.
Children often get some money.
Children often get swimmer's itch when wading and playing in shallow and weedy water.
Children often give valentines to mothers, fathers and friends.
Children often go for many years until they are properly diagnosed.
Children often go through a change of behaviour or mood just before they learn something new.
Children often go to the grocery store, or a restaurant.
Children often grasp the use of technology more quickly than adults.
Children often grow up watching their parents struggle to keep the family business afloat.
Children often harbor a great deal of fear.
Children often have a favorite color or colors.
Children often have a friend or family member to who they go when something bad happens.
Children often have a hard time giving up bedsharing after they have become used to it.
Children often have a hard time understanding the concepts of competition, winning, and losing.
Children often have a limited degree of self-awareness.
Children often have a low priority in families with substance abusing parents.
Children often have a natural curiosity about their genitals and the genitals of others.
Children often have a poor appetite and sometimes have vomiting or diarrhea with ear infections.
Children often have a way of asking questions at a time which causes the parent embarrassment.
Children often have amazing strengths.
Children often have an interesting way of looking at things.
Children often have anemia or abnormal kidney function also.
Children often have colds before they develop croup.
Children often have different concerns to their parents.
Children often have difficulty articulating emotions.
Children often have difficulty identifying and articulating their feelings.
Children often have difficulty maintaining attention for more than a few minutes.
Children often have ear pain or discomfort while flying.
Children often have engrams that are restimulated by their parents.
Children often have fever with no other symptoms.
Children often have fond memories of going to work with dad.
Children often have great expectations of parents.
Children often have headaches, abdominal pain or leg pains that come and go.
Children often have high hypermetropic or occasionally high myopic refractive errors.
Children often have high temperatures with infections.
Children often have ideas about how they can participate.
Children often have imaginary playmates.
Children often have intense anger and express their anger at one or both parents.
Children often have many misunderstandings.
Children often have more trouble at night than in the daytime with coughing spells.
Children often have no direct knowledge or exposure to college.
Children often have no symptoms.
Children often have pent-up anger and rage in response to physical abuse.
Children often have problems scanning.
Children often have reasons of their own for wanting to join the family business.
Children often have recurring infection due to lowered resistance power.
Children often have seemingly endless questions about space.
Children often have special medical concerns.
Children often have specialist art teachers, especially in the intermediate grades.
Children often have televisions in their rooms.
Children often have temper tantrums when they are frustrated with themselves.
Children often have their own fears about the anesthesia and surgical procedure.
Children often have to face choices between the old and the new.
Children often have to move, changing schools and making new friends.
Children often have to take turns playing with toys.
Children often have trouble describing what they feel.
Children often have trouble distinguishing between fantasy and reality.
Children often have trouble learning to control their bodies well enough to sit and walk.
Children often have trouble settling down at nap time because restful sleep is an act of trust.
Children often have trouble telling where a sound is coming from.
Children often have trouble with cause and effect if the effect is time delayed.
Children often have trouble with comprehending that dreams are subjective experiences.
Children often have trouble with pressure changes at takeoff and landing.
Children often hear that they are loved.
Children often hold toys very close to their ears, experts warn.
Children often identify with characters in books.
Children often imagine that they are the cause of their parents divorce.
Children often imagine that they are the cause of their parents' divorce.
Children often imitate adult behavior.
Children often imitate their favorite television characters.
Children often imitate their parent's activity levels.
Children often imitate what they hear and see.
Children often imitate what they see at home.
Children often indulge in fantasy.
Children often insist on collecting every issue.
Children often keep sacks or even pillows instead of the stockings, in anticipation of more gifts.
Children often know more about technology than their parents or teachers.
Children often learn a great deal through play, music and art.
Children often learn better and retain more information when they use calculators.
Children often learn by example.
Children often learn by watching and imitating their parents.
Children often learn facts in class.
Children often learn from or follow their parents mistakes.
Children often learn how to act by observing how their parents act.
Children often learn how to infuse themselves at the age of eight or ten.
Children often learn more when working in groups and sharing knowledge.
Children often learn responsibility and lessons about life and death from pets.
Children often learn songs without knowing several of the words.
Children often learn things by observing the behavior and speech of others.
Children often learn to practice lying from their parents.
Children often lie about being abused.
Children often lie by making up stories of sexual abuse.
Children often lie or fantasize about sexual activity with adults.
Children often lie to protect themselves.
Children often like foods they see others eating.
Children often like to compare their paragraphs to the original paragraphs that the author wrote.
Children often like to compete.
Children often like to handle the dolls and discover differences in the doll's makeup on their own.
Children often like to know why.
Children often like to play on seesaws.
Children often like to share in the experience of concern and helping the patient.
Children often like to suck the honey from the flowers in the spring.
Children often like to talk while they are eating.
Children often look on, holding the bets.
Children often look to older kids as role models, rather than to parents or to teachers.
Children often lose months of school and their parents often travel long distances to get to work.
Children often make a mess by accident.
Children often make decisions which they forget but later live out.
Children often make mistakes when supplying meaning from context clues.
Children often make the library their first stop after school.
Children often make up for a small meal or a missed meal at the next mealtime.
Children often memorize it.
Children often mimic adult behavior.
Children often misinterpret illness or treatment as punishment.
Children often mistake fire ant mounds for sand piles, and that's when problems arise.
Children often mistake poisons for something good to eat or drink.
Children often model adults' behavior.
Children often model what they are exposed to.
Children often notice details that adults gloss over.
Children often observe adults misuse alcohol to reduce tensions or to cope with a tough situation.
Children often oscillate between modelling and doing the opposite.
Children often outgrow their allergies by about their fifth birthday or during puberty.
Children often pack snacks in their back pack to munch on after school.
Children often participate well when they have an idea of what to expect.
Children often pay the price.
Children often pick purple as their favorite color.
Children often pick up dancing more readily than adults.
Children often pick up stress from their parents.
Children often play at ground level.
Children often play on the floor or on the lawn where pesticides are commonly applied.
Children often play outside during hot, muggy summer afternoons.
Children often play outside for long periods during the summer.
Children often play outside for long periods of time.
Children often play outside on hot, muggy summer afternoons.
Children often prefer being on their own or with friends instead of their parents.
Children often prefer fruit and fruit juice to vegetables - that's alright.
Children often prefer raw to cooked vegetables, because they dislike slimy and squishy as textures.
Children often prefer satsumas because of the milder flavor.
Children often present with bleeding because the skin is easily traumatized.
Children often present with bruising because of low platelet count and recurrent infections.
Children often present with fever, joint pains, rash in the mouth and recurrent infections.
Children often present with low platelet count and recurrent infections.
Children often present with poorly fitting shoes and complaining of a blister on the heel.
Children often present with severe urinary tract infections .
Children often pretend they are animals, expecially dogs.
Children often produce their first meaningful word at around one year of age.
Children often provide the most graphic examples of resiliency.
Children often pull at their ears in an attempt to relieve the pressure.
Children often receive adequate amounts in their drinking water.
Children often receive mixed messages.
Children often regress for weeks or months.
Children often reject new foods the first time around.
Children often relive the trauma through repetitive play.
Children often remark that they have finally found a place where they belong.
Children often report what they see, and what they see are differences in appearances.
Children often require a little extra attention when having their dental work done.
Children often require adult dosages to achieve effective prophylaxis.
Children often require higher doses to maintain adequate blood levels.
Children often require larger doses than adults.
Children often require more frequent mapping sessions or map checks.
Children often resolve conflict through peer judges who accept or reject their actions.
Children often respond best when they receive care in the safety and comfort of their own home.
Children often respond well to stories about their own cultures.
Children often return with venereal diseases and pregnancies as well as lice and parasites.
Children often rise to meet the expectations of their parents.
Children often roam unattended.
Children often run out into the road.
Children often run to their parent for help.
Children often save letters as a sign of their own importance.
Children often say that about fire fighters and police officers.
Children often see movie stars who seem invulnerable to bullets.
Children often see the violence.
Children often see the world from their level, up or from the ground upwards.
Children often seek companionship through cooperative play.
Children often seem to have boundless energy.
Children often share their gift of music as an offering in the worship service.
Children often share their journal entries with the class during sharing time.
Children often shoot only one or two rolls.
Children often show no symptoms at all.
Children often sleep in the gutter in front of shacks.
Children often spend over an hour at the exhibit.
Children often start by building a toolbox.
Children often start sniffing in grade school.
Children often start systematically measuring with a direct modeling strategy.
Children often stimulate various parts of the body.
Children often stroke their genitals to soothe themselves as they go to sleep.
Children often suffer extreme trauma upon forcible, long-term removal from home.
Children often suffer from sports injuries related to trauma involving the tendons and ligaments .
Children often suffer low self esteem because of the way their parents live and conduct themselves.
Children often suffer neglect, abuse and violence when they come into contact with the law.
Children often suffer severe traumas during war, escape, and persecution.
Children often suffer the consequences of their parents' sins.
Children often surpass the level of knowledge of the teacher in all areas and learn to find answers.
Children often swallow tiny toys, pieces that have broken off and small removable parts.
Children often swallow when brushing.
Children often swarm over officers as they stroll the playground at recess.
Children often take all the materials at their disposal for granted.
Children often take handfuls of dried figs to school.
Children often take longer than adults to find the right word.
Children often talk about how good the food is and eat second servings.
Children often tantrum if parents or teachers tend to waver when enforcing rules.
Children often taunt passing joggers.
Children often teach adults how to have such faith.
Children often tell on each other.
Children often tend to believe what they see on the screen, especially in commercials.
Children often tend to compare themselves to their peers.
Children often test the rules.
Children often test their parents to see if they really mean business.
Children often think they caused the loss.
Children often tolerate better than adults.
Children often tolerate the therapy better than adults do.
Children often try hardest when they want something a lot, and no one is there to help.
Children often try out a new behavior just to see how it feels to imitate a friend.
Children often try to get attention by acting badly.
Children often try to get their parents' attention by fighting.
Children often try to hide from fire.
Children often try to imitate what their parents do.
Children often tug at their ears as a sign of pain.
Children often turn off repeated requests or nagging.
Children often use a word without knowing what it means.
Children often use computers in a home or classroom with less than optimum lighting.
Children often use drawings to tell stories from memories.
Children often use pretend play to become the person in charge.
Children often use similar tactics, pointing out others faults to mask their own.
Children often use such displays to walk parents through their day at the center.
Children often use tattling as a way to improve their status with their parents.
Children often view themselves as the cause of the anger and violence.
Children often vomit once after a head injury.
Children often wake during the night.
Children often walk into the office eating a candy bar or sipping on a cola or other soft drink.
Children often walk to their parents' bedroom or to the toilet.
Children often watch TV unsupervised.
Children often wet the bed at night even when daytime toilet training is going well.
Children often wince and whimper when they get shots.
Children often wince when they get shots.
Children often wish to make large aliens.
Children often wonder who was the greatest and who wasn t.
Children often work in cooperative groups, with more than one adult assisting.
Children often work on the carpet using small rugs to define their work area.
Children often work on their own when they feel that they can succeed.
Children often write because it is fun.
Child sometimes appears to be unfeeling about loss.
Children sometimes act up just to get attention.
Children sometimes act up just to give attention.
Children sometimes are afraid to express sadness over losses.
Children sometimes are too quick to think that the other person was mean on purpose.
Children sometimes assault other children.
Children sometimes become angry because they re frustrated.
Children sometimes come inside for announcements and discussion time.
Children sometimes cry.
Children sometimes demonstrate far more courageous behavior than adults.
Children sometimes devise their own checkerboards from cardboard, using bottle caps for the pieces.
Children sometimes die during Christian exorcisms.
Children sometimes die from bicycle accidents.
Children sometimes display hurt and anger by acting differently from ways they behaved before.
Children sometimes do experience physical pleasure from contact.
Children sometimes eat differently when they are with a group of other children and adults.
Children sometimes eat the berries leading to mild to severe stomach ache.
Children sometimes encounter messages on the Internet that are hostile or insulting.
Children sometimes enjoy roadside attractions as well as stops for snacks or meals.
Children sometimes enjoys keeping a journal of their vacation trips.
Children sometimes exhibit early signs of jaw problems as they grow and develop.
Children sometimes feel anger, anxiety and fear.
Children sometimes feel pressure to keep on playing even if they're injured.
Children sometimes feel that criticism is tantamount to epic rejection.
Children sometimes find themselves identifying with Israeli soldiers as symbols of power.
Children sometimes get angry at their friends.
Children sometimes get shingles, but it is more common among adults.
Children sometimes get the brunt of the whole divorce, having feelings of sadness, guilt and anger.
Children sometimes get too competitive.
Children sometimes have difficulty articulating, especially when they are angry.
Children sometimes have difficulty distinguishing products from premiums.
Children sometimes have impaired hearing in addition to autism.
Children sometimes have trouble maintaining a good pace or speed for a long ride.
Children sometimes hurt others because they feel left out.
Children sometimes imagine camp as a place where they can do whatever they want, whenever they want.
Children sometimes join other classrooms in specific subject areas.
Children sometimes learn to disable filters.
Children sometimes leave home and hope they never encounter their gambling parent again.
Children sometimes like to pretend they are ill in order to avoid going to school.
Children sometimes make themselves dizzy by spinning around in circles or by holding their breath.
Children sometimes misbehave because of stressful changes in their lives.
Children sometimes misunderstand or exaggerate.
Children sometimes needs father's soft characteristic.
Children sometimes recant truthful allegations of abuse.
Children sometimes receive bad grades because they lack confidence in their ability.
Children sometimes see just one animal pulled out twice but called by the same name both times.
Children sometimes show anger by crying and yelling at their parents when it is time to separate.
Children sometimes stiffen up when they're having a bowel movement, especially if the stool is hard.
Children sometimes suck their parents into the argument for attention.
Children sometimes suffer too much from the emotional silence of their parents.
Children sometimes tease a dog.
Children sometimes think they can trick the person, but often are tricked themselves.
Children sometimes watch TV in order to soothe themselves.
Children sometimes welcome, please inquire.
Children usually act out only at home and to one caregiver.
Children usually appear dazed, flushed, and preoccupied while they are masturbating.
Children usually appear to take physical punishment in stride, neither crying nor complaining.
Children usually are citizens or residents of the same country as their parents.
Children usually assume their religion from parents.
Children usually attend the public school nearest their place of residence.
Children usually awaken rapidly at the end of the scan, requiring minimal recovery time.
Children usually become afraid of the dark between the ages of three and five.
Children usually become functionally blind within three years of diagnosis.
Children usually begin school at the age of five or six.
Children usually begin to talk about their memories between the ages of two and four.
Children usually believe in themselves.
Children usually belong to and are cared for by the woman.
Children usually bite to obtain objects, gain attention, or express frustration.
Children usually can benefit from two to three snacks a day.
Children usually choose the topics they want to write about.
Children usually come for their first dental visit at three years of age.
Children usually complete projects over an extended period of time.
Children usually comply when adults are firm.
Children usually continue to visit their own families until they can be reunited.
Children usually cry as a result of fright more than discomfort.
Children usually cry or scream loudly.
Children usually delay their disclosure about the abuse.
Children usually develop few or no other symptoms.
Children usually do best in school when parents estimate their abilities correctly.
Children usually do better when they have a private study area away from interruption.
Children usually do it by straining to see the end of the nose.
Children usually do one exercise per day until they progress through the entire sequence.
Children usually draw with abandon.
Children usually drop out of school to work on the family herd or assume other domestic chores.
Children usually eat dinner together prior to adults.
Children usually enjoy learning to cook foods they like.
Children usually enjoy making collages.
Children usually enjoy receiving affection well into adulthood.
Children usually enjoy staying in a hotel or motel and they enjoy the parks.
Children usually enjoy watching balloons made in the shape of soft drink cans or dinosaurs.
Children usually exhibit no symptoms, but are still able to transmit the disease.
Children usually fall asleep after the convulsions have passed.
Children usually fall asleep within a minute or two after breathing the anesthesia gases.
Children usually fast only until noon.
Children usually feel better when they can talk about their feelings.
Children usually feel cold more than adults.
Children usually fight off colds on their own.
Children usually find the ability to read very boring and unimportant.
Children usually focus on winning only if they are pressured to do so by a coach or a parent.
Children usually follow the lead of a competent, confident teacher.
Children usually get better in several days with rest and care at home.
Children usually go to court because of cases involving their family.
Children usually go to more than two health care providers, making immunizations hard to track.
Children usually grow out of tongue thrust swallowing.
Children usually handle stress better when they have a familiar routine to follow.
Children usually have a milder disease than adults.
Children usually have a room next to or across from the parents' room.
Children usually have an easier time with mystery than adults do.
Children usually have an ongoing, continuous mood disturbance that is a mix of mania and depression.
Children usually have easy access to the television and VCRs when parents aren t at home.
Children usually have fewer illnesses, than in a large group daycare.
Children usually have full or part Mayan Indian ethnicity with varied skin tones.
Children usually have intense feelings about their families and about being placed in care.
Children usually have medical and dental coverage while in foster care.
Children usually have more overall itching on the palms, soles, and scalp.
Children usually have multiple injections and blood sugar tests daily.
Children usually have no such fear of punching the wrong button.
Children usually have pretty extensive video collections at their own homes.
Children usually have temper tantrums, when they are tired or stressed out.
Children usually have the same family name as their father .
Children usually have the same family name as their father.
Children usually have the worst eating habits of anyone.
Children usually hide their homelessness.
Children usually imitate their parents.
Children usually know something is wrong.
Children usually know that mother is pregnant.
Children usually know when something is being sugar-coated.
Children usually know when something unpleasant is happening in the family.
Children usually learn better from praise and encouragement than from criticism and scolding.
Children usually learn by carefully observing others.
Children usually learn from their parents.
Children usually learn the sounds in a predictable pattern.
Children usually like to participate by coming up with their own outrageous suggestions.
Children usually love it.
Children usually make a complete recovery from the infection .
Children usually make a complete recovery from the infection.
Children usually outgrow croup as they get older and the windpipe becomes wider.
Children usually outgrow food allergies by the time they are five years of age.
Children usually outgrow stuttering before reaching adulthood.
Children usually outgrow thumb-sucking between the ages of three and six.
Children usually pick up tuberculosis at home from an adult.
Children usually play with fire in the bedrooms, in closets or under beds.
Children usually prefer raw vegetables to cooked.
Children usually present following an acute diarrheal illness.
Children usually react to the unknown out of fear and embarrassment.
Children usually receive immunizations on a set schedule along with their physical exams.
Children usually receive polio vaccinations in four doses by the time they start kindergarten.
Children usually receive very simple presents such as clothing.
Children usually recover completely after a two weeks .
Children usually recover completely after a two weeks.
Children usually recover from a cold in seven to fourteen days.
Children usually recover in two to four days.
Children usually recover just fine.
Children usually recover more quickly and completely than adults.
Children usually remain at home until they marry.
Children usually remain at the center for one year.
Children usually repeat kindergarten because they are required to do so by the school system.
Children usually resemble their parents or grandparents.
Children usually reside with the mother and remain in their natal household throughout their lives.
Children usually respond better to revascularization surgery than adults.
Children usually respond quickly to light adjustments and other chiropractic treatment.
Children usually ride within their own community.
Children usually settle down with reassurance.
Children usually show a high level of interest in such stories.
Children usually show their mothers how they feel.
Children usually spend a lot of time with mother.
Children usually start attending at the age of four or five.
Children usually start school between the ages of five to eight .
Children usually start school between the ages of five to eight.
Children usually stay in Meeting for Worship for the first quarter of an hour.
Children usually stay on the diet about two years.
Children usually stay with the same teacher for three years.
Children usually stop eating when they are full.
Children usually stop getting croup as they get older and their windpipe becomes wider.
Children usually stop having breath-holding attacks by about age three.
Children usually take one capsule per day for each forty pounds of body weight.
Children usually take one-half the adult amount.
Children usually tell the truth to their parents about things that happen at school.
Children usually understand more words than they can say.
Children usually work on one or two sequences at a time.
Children usually write their own names first, followed by words such as mom and dad.
All children usually do very well.
All child has to do is touch the right or left side of the keyboard.
All child nodes beneath the node that specifies the namespace inherit that namespace.
All child support guidelines and calculators are accessible from our state pages.
All children acquire many behaviors by copying what they see others doing.
All children actively participate with a science and a movement specialist.
All children affect, and are affected by the environment, regardless of their socioeconomic level.
All children age three and under are free.
All children ages five and under are eligible to participate in a developmental play program.
All children ages five and up are welcome.
All children ages kindergarten through high school are welcome.
All children ages six and older are welcome to visit immediate family only.
All children also enjoy a time of worship and sing-alongs.
All children also receive a special activity gift bag upon check-in.
All children are able creatures.
All children are able to bring a drink, in an unbreakable, watertight container.
All children are able to communicate in English.
All children are able to learn science.
All children are able to learn.
All children are able to progress beyond the traditional classroom limits at their own pace.
All children are always welcome.
All children are apt to fondle their genitals, girls as well as boys.
All children are artists.
All children are asked to submit one name they think is appropriate.
All children are assessed by a registered nurse upon arrival.
All Children are at full rate.
All children are at risk for ear infections and other conditions that cause ear ache.
All children are at risk to abduction, kidnapping, or simply going missing.
All children are at risk to being exposed to lead.
All children are at risk to develop obstructive sleep apnea.
All children are at risk, whether they live in large cities or in the country.
All children are at risk.
All children are aware of the importance of good behavior and mutual respect is evident throughout.
All children are beautiful.
All children are capable of academic achievement.
All children are capable of learning and being successful.
All children are capable of learning at high levels.
All children are capable of learning.
All children are capable of succeeding.
All children are creative.
All children are deceased.
All children are different and Autistic children even more so.
All children are different and grow at their own pace.
All children are different and have different personalities, learning styles, and needs.
All children are different and have different requirements and needs for their care and supervision.
All children are different and have varied talents.
All children are different and it takes a while for the proper dosage to be determined.
All children are different and learn at different rates.
All children are different, and all situations have different circumstances to consider.
All children are different, some fearless and some cautious.
All children are different.
All children are egocentric.
All children are eligible regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, or handicap.
All children are eligible to participate.
All children are equal.
All children are essential to America's future.
All children are essentially criminals.
All children are free to come and use our library at lunchtimes whenever they wish.
All children are free.
All children are from that census.
All children are from the first marriage.
All children are full time by the autumn half term.
All children are geniuses untl they are separated during the educational process.
All Children Are Gifted .
All children are gifted, some just open their presents earlier than others.
All children are gifted-some just open their packages sooner than others.
All children are glad to see the friends and to meet our teachers.
All children are happy playing and learning together.
All children are homeroom-based in classrooms.
All children are hungry for attention from the adults in their lives.
All children are important.
All children are impulsive at times, all children are inattentive and scatty at times.
All children are in private foster care full of love and care.
All children are in the game every day.
All children are in the regular classroom regardless of their abilities.
All children are individuals.
All children are inherently intelligent, good, inquisitive, and uniquely talented.
All children are innocent.
All children are intelligent, creative and incessant explorers each in their own unique way.
All children are interested in rainbows.
All children are learners.
All children are left-handed is a false statement.
All children are like flowers.
All children are members of some kind of literacy club when they arrive at school.
All children are messy eaters, and they spill often.
All children are more likely to explore and learn when they feel secure and loved.
All children are musical, born with the capacity to sing and make music.
All children are of immense value.
All children are on a continuum from emergent through fluent language development.
All children are oppositional from time to time, particularly when tired, hungry, stressed or upset.
All children are our children .
All children are our children.
All children are our future.
All children are outraged when they see suffering.
All children are part of loving and safe families.
All children are potential victims of sexual abuse.
All children are potentially vulnerable.
All children are precious gifts.
All children are precious.
All children are ready to learn.
All children are safer in the back seat.
All children are safest in the back seat using the safety belt or in a child safety seat.
All children are safest in the back seat.
All children are safest in the rear of a vehicle, regardless of their age or size.
All children are special and different from one another.
All children are special and important.
All children are special to someone.
All children are special.
All children are temporary or permanent court commitments.
All children are the responsibility of accompnaying adult.
All children are the responsibility of the parent.
All children are to be made equal.
All children are to be picked up immediately following the ceremony.
All children are under the guidance of our friendly and compassionate staff.
All children are unique and have different levels of listening ability at different ages.
All children are unique individuals who can learn and achieve.
All children are unique.
All children are vulnerable, the poor especially so.
All children are vulnerable.
All children are welcome - bring a friend to a meeting.
All children are welcome and encouraged to attend.
All children are welcome and many plans are being made for the fall and winter seasons.
All children are welcome at any worship service.
All children are welcome at matinees.
All children are welcome during worship, as well .
All children are welcome in our programs.
All children are welcome in the garden after school, for programs or to do homework.
All children are welcome in worship.
All children are welcome regardless of gender, race or religious background.
All children are welcome regardless of race, color, national and ethnic origin.
All children are welcome regardless of race, creed, or ethnic origin.
All children are welcome regardless of religious affiliation or history.
All children are welcome regardless of standard, especially beginners.
All children are welcome throughout the school and feet part of a larger community.
All children are welcome to apply for the magnet program.
All children are welcome to attend our weekly classes.
All children are welcome to attend.
All children are welcome to build a better world and to enjoy a good life.
All children are welcome to come and sing.
All children are welcome to enroll at our Christian preschool.
All children are welcome to join anytime throughout the year.
All children are welcome to join the group.
All children are welcome to partake.
All children are welcome to receive communion when they desire it.
All children are welcome to the story reading, craft and refreshments.
All children are welcome to try their skills at horseshoes or volleyball.
All children are welcome to try their skills at horseshoes, tennis or volleyball.
All children are welcome to try their skills at roping, tennis, horseshoes, or volleyball.
All children are welcome with adult supervision.
All children are welcome, regardless of race, religion, sex or national ancestry.
All children are welcome.
All children are with their families for the corporate worship time to encourage family worship.
All children are worth saving and Polly was on the way.
All children are.
All children argue.
All children arrive at school with strengths in their home language.
All children arrive at school with the ability to learn.
All children arrive at the school door healthy and ready to learn.
All children associate summertime with swimming time.
All children attend a local school.
All children attend five days a week.
All children attend public school in the local communities.
All children attend school, although girls usually withdraw after about six years.
All children attend weekly art, music, library and physical education classes.
All children become adults.
All children become distracted and aren t eager to eager to read at all times.
All children become ill from time to time.
All children become ill or injured at one time or another.
All children become missionaries and marry godly spouses.
All children begin language learning from birth.
All children begin life with an innate sense of wonder about their world.
All children begin their day as an accepted and essential part of their classroom community.
All children begin their schooling healthy and capable of learning.
All children begin to learn about the world as soon as they are born.
All children begin work as soon as they arrive at school so that no time is wasted.
All children behave as well as they are treated - just like adults.
All children behave as well as they are treated.
All children believe in magic.
All children believe what their parents say.
All children belong to all adults.
All children belong to the husband's lineage group, even in cases of divorce.
All children benefit and learn from one another.
All children benefit from a man who remains calm and collected during a failure or crisis.
All children benefit from a regular sleep schedule.
All children benefit from an understanding of chronic illness.
All children benefit from instructionally sound teaching practices.
All children benefit from learning more about music.
All children benefit from meaningful learning and quality life experiences.
All children benefit from positive role models.
All children benefit from the language and academically rich activities provided.
All children benefit from the use of naturalistic and multidimensional assessment strategies.
All children benefit when children with and without disabilities are served in the same setting.
All children benefit, as well as their families.
All children bite at some point in their early years.
All children born have a unique potential to achieve excellence in life.
All children born to drug mothers are in for free.
All children bring a sack lunch daily during the summer.
All children bring challenges to their parents.
All children bring their lunch from home.
All children bring their own lunch.
All children can achieve at high levels.
All children can and do learn - when they are ready.
All children can and want to learn and do so in a variety of ways.
All children can apply their learning in new and real-world situations.
All children can be responsible for their learning and behavior.
All children can be successful at learning.
All children can be successful learners when supported by their teachers, parents and community.
All children can be susceptible to lead poisoning if lead is accessible.
All children can be writers.
All children can behave.
All children can benefit from a camping experience.
All children can benefit from a diet for a balanced brain.
All children can benefit from abundant interest directed learning experiences.
All children can benefit from activities that help build self-esteem.
All children can benefit from complementary therapies in addition to standard pain therapies.
All children can benefit from integration .
All children can benefit from the activities listed here.
All children can benefit from track and field instruction.
All children can bounce back from adversity.
All children can choose to attend.
All children can develop literacy skills.
All children can do something to help.
All children can enjoy our toys and explore the learning value.
All children can enter schools.
All children can experience success if home and school work together.
All children can experience thinking difficulties.
All children can express and celebrate their souls and spirits through arts, culture and recreation.
All children can have opportunities to travel by car, bus, or the back of a bicycle.
All children can help by doing small chores around the house.
All children can help themselves to our exciting arts and crafts room where creativity reigns.
All children can identify problems in their homes or neighborhoods.
All children can improve and be helped.
All children can interact with print in a risk-free learning environment.
All children can learn .
All children can learn a second language and reap the benefits of achieving proficiency.
All children can learn and achieve.
All children can learn and all children have something which they can teach.
All children can learn and are encouraged, both academically and behaviorally.
All children can learn and attain high standards in core academic subjects.
All children can learn and be successful in school.
All children can learn and be successful.
All children can learn and can be successful at school.
All children can learn and do high quality science and math.
All children can learn and experience success as individuals.
All children can learn and have a right to learn.
All children can learn and they can learn well regardless of the problems they present.
All children can learn and use challenging content in mathematics and science.
All children can learn and want to learn at their own developmental rates.
All children can learn and want to learn.
All children can learn at high levels' has become a rallying cry for improving schools.
All children can learn at high levels, .
All children can learn at high levels.
All children can learn based on their ability.
All children can learn better than they do now.
All children can learn Blind children can learn.
All children can learn but at different rates and in different ways.
All children can learn but at their own pace and in a manner suited to their own unique abilities.
All children can learn but being individuals, they do so at their own pace and in their own manner.
All children can learn but the rate and style in which they learn differ.
All children can learn except when there are factors beyond our control.
All children can learn from one another.
All children can learn given the appropriate time and resources.
All children can learn given the proper school environment.
All children can learn if given resources, motivation, and opportunity.
All children can learn if provided the proper environment, no matter what color or creed.
All children can learn if they take advantage of the opportunity to learn.
All children can learn is easily said but less easily implemented.
ALL Children can learn is easily said but less easily implemented.
All children can learn more than one language.
All children can learn personal financial skills.
All children can learn they have choices in dealing with their emotional wounds.
All children can learn to higher levels.
All children can learn to their potential given appropriate time, material and instruction.
All children can learn when their environment is conducive to construction of knowledge.
All children can learn, achieve and succeed.
All Children can learn, achieve, and be successful.
All children can learn, and all children deserve a chance to learn.
All children can learn, but at different rates and in different ways.
All children can learn, given the time, resources, and appropriate instructional strategies.
All children can learn, they are the same all over the world.
All children can learn, want to learn, learn at different rates and in different ways.
All children can learn.
All Children can learn.
All Children Can Learn.
All children can make progress, but the rate of improvement varies.
All children can master challenging content and complex problem-solving skills.
All children can meet and exceed the accepted standards of student performance.
All children can succeed in learning.
All children can succeed with the right support.
All children can succeed with the right supports.
All children can succeed.
All children can write.
All children can.
All children come from orphanages.
All children come into the world temperamentally different from one another.
All children come to school as readers.
All children come to school excited about learning.
All children come to school ready to learn.
All children come with problems.
All children come with the gift of knowledge to their parents.
All children communicate, and they communicate at every moment.
All children continue to develop, despite delays or the presence of deviant behaviors.
All children cry crystal clear tears and their hearts long for a family to love.
All children cry sometimes when left by parents.
All children daydream sometimes.
All children deserve a childhood free of the violation and betrayal of physical and sexual abuse.
All children deserve a future that is propelled under wings sprouted from effective education.
All children deserve a good start.
All children deserve a healthy diet - that means no meat.
All children deserve a healthy start in life.
All children deserve a healthy start.
All children deserve a high-quality education in safe classrooms with the necessary equipment.
All children deserve a home, a family to call their own.
All children deserve a peaceful, safe environment.
All children deserve a permanent home.
All children deserve a quality education.
All children deserve a safe and supportive family environment in which to grow and develop.
All children deserve a warm and loving home.
All children deserve an education.
All children deserve an equal education.
ALL children deserve an excellent academic education regardless of race or gender.
All children deserve better.
All children deserve courtesy and respect.
All children deserve equal access to a quality education.
All children deserve equal protection from preventable disease and injury.
All children deserve equal rights and protection under the law.
All children deserve loving families.
All children deserve loving homes and all our attention and support, no matter where they are born.
All children deserve optimum care and the most nurturing environment.
All children deserve our best.
All children deserve our support no matter what their condition is in life.
All children deserve room to learn in a safe and modern classroom.
All children deserve safe and well-disciplined schools.
All children deserve safe homes, safe schools and safe communities.
All children deserve safety and a basic level of care.
All children deserve stability in their home life and school.
All children deserve the benefits of early childhood education programs.
All children deserve the chance achieve their fullest potential.
All children deserve the love and care of a full-time mother.
All children deserve the love, protection and respect of both parents.
All children deserve the opportunity to better their living situation.
All children deserve the opportunity to develop their musical selves.
All children deserve the opportunity to experience the joy of play.
All children deserve the opportunity to learn.
All children deserve the opportunity to pursue life, liberty, and happiness.
All children deserve their best shot at becoming effective communicators.
All children deserve to be educated to their fullest potential.
All children deserve to be financially supported by both parents.
All children deserve to be healthy.
All children deserve to be protected from preventable disease and injury.
All children deserve to be raised in a family that respects their cultural heritage.
All children deserve to be raised in a nurturing and loving environment.
All children deserve to be safe in their schools.
All children deserve to be safe on our streets.
All children deserve to be taught by a qualified teacher and school leader.
All children deserve to be treasured, loved and protected.
All children deserve to experience the delights of childhood in an atmosphere rich in the arts.
All children deserve to feel safe, protected and valued.
All children deserve to grow up in a permanent, safe, and stable home environment.
All children deserve to grow up in safe, loving, permanent homes.
All children deserve to grow up in safe, nurturing homes.
All children deserve to grow up safe from harm, in loving, supportive families.
ALL children deserve to have a permanent, loving home as soon as possible.
All children deserve to have a solid foundation from which to make their dreams a reality.
All children deserve to have means to communicate.
All children deserve to have permanency in their lives.
All children deserve to learn English and have good reading skills.
All children deserve to learn in a safe environment.
All children deserve to learn, by being understood and taught in a way in which they can learn.
All children deserve to live in safe neighborhoods.
All children deserve to live their lives as fully as possible.
All children deserve to receive an education that meets their needs and abilities.
All children deserve to see positive images of children like themselves in the books they read.
All children deserve unconditional love.
All Children Deserve.
All children desire the gratification of being recognized for good works.
All children develop a sense of personal worth through successful work.
All children develop as the result of their everyday experiences.
All children develop at a different rate.
All children develop at different rates.
All children develop at the same rate.
All children develop best when there is the stability of a permanent family.
All children develop differently and at their own pace.
All children develop differently and have different needs.
All children develop differently.
All children develop in a sequential, predictable pattern, regardless of ethnic background.
All children develop self-confidence through school success.
All children develop skills in the mechanics of language as they use the writing process.
All children develop with peaks and valleys.
All children die because of sin.
All children differ, including brothers and sisters.
All children display undesirable behavior at some time.
All children do cookery on a rota basis as part of the curriculum.
All children DO learn.
ALL children do that.
All children do.
All children draw or paint a picture of their pet.
All children draw.
All children dream, but few succeed.
All children endure an occasional nightmare.
All children enjoy a joke, and many able children particularly like a pun or a 'play on words'.
All children enjoy at least one supervised outdoor recess period during the day.
All children enjoy building things.
All children enjoy catching an adult in a mistake.
All children enjoy music.
All children enjoy playing photographer.
All children enjoy playtime.
All children enjoy reading and writing poetry.
All children enjoy role play, pretending to be other people, or animals, or even things.
All children enjoy special outings.
All children enjoy three mails, five days a week.
All children enter school adequately prepared to learn and to keep pace with their classmates.
All children enter school ready to learn.
All children enter the world as self-directed learners.
All children evenually grow to maturity.
All children exhibit goal-seeking behaviors.
All children experience anxiety.
All children experience peer pressure and give in to it at one time or another.
All children experience self-consciousness, peer pressure, and impatience with their own learning.
All children experience the divorcing process uniquely.
All children explore and experiment sexually as part of normal development.
All children face disappointment and setbacks.
All children fall.
All children feel a sense of pride and accomplishment, experience success and learn from mistakes.
All children feel insecure sometimes.
All children feel it.
All children feel sad sometimes.
All children find the world a scary place at times.
All children gain from attending preschool, regardless of the type.
All children gather around in welcome.
All children get a chance to read aloud if they choose to do so.
All children get angry at their parents now and then, especially when they feel unfairly treated.
All children get breathless after exercise.
All children get bumps and bruises.
All children get colds.
All children get earaches or ear infections from time to time.
All children get Monopoly points, which they use to buy things like T-shirts, books and key chains.
All children get the same share.
ALL children get to choose a prize.
All children get to swim in meets.
All children get tummy aches.
All children get upset at their friends once in a while.
All children give speeches on the importance of democracy.
All children give up their pacifiers sooner or later.
All children go outdoors, if only for a short period, unless it is raining.
All children go outside at least once a day unless the weather is severe.
All children go through definitive phases of social development.
All children go through developmental stages as they grow to adulthood.
All children go through distinct developmental stages in their growth.
All children go through the stage when they learn the power of the word no.
All children go through their own problems and their own stresses which demand our attention.
All children go to public high school.
All children go to school to study.
All children go to the beginning of the worship service with their parents.
All children grades K - fifth attend worship and participate in the Children s Moment .
All children grieve differently.
All children grow and develop at different rates and begin to do things at different times.
All children grow and develop at their own pace.
All children grow and develop differently.
All children grow and learn at different rates.
All children grow and learn differently.
All children grow, learn, and develop at different rates.
All children guess at words by looking at the initial letters.
All children hate to be lectured to, especially teenagers.
All children have a biological mother and a biological father.
All children have a constitutional right to a sound, basic, high quality education.
All children have a fascination with fire.
All children have a healthy start in life and start school ready to learn.
All children have a healthy start in life.
All children have a lot in common no matter what their abilities or disabilities.
All children have a lot in common.
All children have a minimum of a double period of Art each week.
All children have a right to a safe, loving and permanent family.
All children have a right to a safe, permanent and loving home.
All children have a right to be respected and treated fairly.
All children have a right to develop to their full potential.
All children have a right to education.
All children have a right to enjoy a family life that is nurturing and permanent.
All children have a right to food,shelter,love and protection.
All children have a right to grow in a safe and nurturing environment.
All children have a right to grow with a good self-image, a good feeling of personal worth.
All children have a right to learn about the environment.
All children have a right to learn in a safe and productive classroom.
All children have a right to learn, and that includes poor children and children of color.
All children have a right to live in a peaceful and safe world.
All children have a right to poetry in their lives.
All children have a right to safety, love, and learning.
All children have a right to the best education possible.
All children have a right to the better school systems and neighborhoods.
All children have a way that they learn best.
All children have access to a continuum of programs and services that meet their individual needs.
All children have access to free, compulsory education from the age of six to twelve years of age.
All children have access to the automated library and can borrow both fiction and non-fiction books.
All children have accidents during the normal course of toilet training.
All children have accidents.
All children have an equal opportunity.
All children have an extended play period outdoors each day.
All children have an instinct for the sense of dignity and decorum of their mother.
All children have aspirations.
All children have basic needs.
All children have basic weather knowledge that can be developed further.
All children have body changes at puberty.
All children have both a morning and an afternoon class.
All children have claim upon their parents for their maintenance until they are of age.
All children have closely-monitored access to the Internet.
All children have comparable needs regardless of the order of their birth.
All children have complex needs to be addressed.
All children have conflicts from time to time with their teacher.
All children have continuity of health care and a medical home.
All children have daily patterns.
All children have different capacities for learning.
All children have different developmental stages.
All children have different levels and speed of learning.
All children have different rates of development and different personalities.
All children have different rates of development and personalities.
All children have different reasons for wanting to be out of diapers.
All children have different styles of learning.
All children have dignity and worth.
All children have dreams.
All children have equal readiness for all subjects at the same time.
All children have equal rights.
All children have equal worth and value and deserve our total commitment.
All children have fears of one kind or another.
All children have fears, to one degree or another.
All children have fears.
All children have feelings of anxiety at times.
All children have flat feet for a short time after they start walking.
All children have four basic needs.
All children have four or five partial awakenings each night.
All children have French classes, beginners or advanced.
All children have individual needs that require careful attention and flexible programming.
All children have individual needs, but a percentage of our children have special educational needs.
All children have individual needs.
All children have medical and dental screening and receive needed treatment.
All children have music and movement classes once a month.
All children have musical potential.
All children have natural gifts.
All children have negative as well as positive feelings towards a new sibling.
All children have opportunities to develop to their full potential.
All children have overnights in addition to participation in regular day camp activities.
All children have physical education with the physical education teachers.
All children have problems at adolescence.
All children have problems.
All children have regular access to the full range of activities.
All children have special gifts.
All children have special needs and special gifts.
All children have special needs.
All children have special rights.
All children have strengths and weaknesses.
All children have strengths.
All children have talents that can be developed.
All children have talents.
All children have temper tantrums and episodes where their behavior tries their parents' patience.
All children have temper tantrums.
All children have temperaments.
All children have that potential.
All children have the ability to learn and they can learn in different ways.
All children have the ability to learn.
All children have the capacity and motivation to learn.
All children have the capacity to learn.
All children have the goal and potential of achieving communicative competence.
All children have the opportunity for self determination.
All children have the opportunity to attend, but attendance is voluntary.
All children have the opportunity to be honored each day.
All children have the opportunity to learn sign language.
All children have the opportunity to learn, succeed, and collaborate with others.
All children have the opportunity to rest during the day.
All children have the opportunity to use amplification.
All children have the potential to learn about and enjoy music.
All children have the potential to learn.
All children have the right of access to effective opportunities for learning.
All children have the right to a comprehensive musical education.
All children have the right to a decent start in life.
All children have the right to a free, sound, basic education.
All children have the right to a healthy start in life.
All children have the right to a healthy, secure, nurturing infancy and early childhood.
All children have the right to a high quality education.
All children have the right to a name and a nationality.
All children have the right to a name and nationality as soon as they are born.
All children have the right to a quality education in a safe and caring environment.
All children have the right to adequate and healthy food.
All children have the right to attend good programs that promote their development and learning.
All children have the right to attend schools in which they can progress and learn.
All children have the right to basic education.
All children have the right to be educated in a safe and challenging environment.
All children have the right to be free from discrimination at school.
All children have the right to be protected from domestic violence.
All children have the right to be protected from neglect and abandonment.
All children have the right to be protected from violence by the police and in prisons.
All children have the right to be safe.
All children have the right to be supported by both parents.
All children have the right to clean water, sanitation and a clean living environment.
All children have the right to clothing, housing and a healthy diet.
All children have the right to come and go in peace and without fear.
All children have the right to education.
All children have the right to equal opportunities.
All children have the right to fail.
All children have the right to find themselves in and thus empower themselves through literature.
All children have the right to food, shelter, education and the best possible health care.
All children have the right to free legal representation if arrested.
All children have the right to freedom from maltreatment.
All children have the right to go to school.
All children have the right to grow up in a safe environment.
All children have the right to guidance and counseling services.
All children have the right to have a name and nationality.
All children have the right to health care.
All children have the right to high-quality care.
All children have the right to know and be supported by both parents.
All children have the right to know their mother and father.
All children have the right to learm and grow while holding on to human dignity.
All children have the right to learn together.
All children have the right to live, learn, work and play in a safe and secure environment.
All children have the right to love and affection from their parents and family.
All children have the right to play in a game.
All children have the right to play.
All children have the right to pursue their education without fear.
All children have the right to quality child care.
All children have the right to quality education .
All children have the right to reach their potential.
All children have the right to schools and educational programs which are effective.
All children have the right to study, play and rest.
All children have the right to succeed.
All children have the right to the healthiest possible start in life.
All children have the right to the resources needed to secure their educational rights.
All children have the same amount of food and the same amount of time in which to eat it.
All children have the same basic needs.
All children have the same biological father.
All children have their own individual set of goals to work towards.
All children have their own personalities and their own unique abilities.
All children have to be taught to do right, but they know how to do wrong without being taught.
All children have to do is learn a finger stroke for every speech sound.
All children have to do to play is strike a numbered bar with a mallet.
All children have to go to school in Russia.
All children have to go to school up through grade six.
All children have two basic needs.
All children have two parents.
All children have two wonderful resources for learning - imagination and curiosity.
All children have two wonderful resources for learning-imagination and curiosity.
All children have unique characteristics and needs.
All children have unique gifts and needs.
All children have unrealized abilities and most can achieve much higher scores.
All children have worries and doubts.
All children have worth and dignity as human beings.
All children have worth.
All children hurt themselves, and many children break bones during their childhood.
All children inherit traits from their parents.
All children invent, children are often more inventive than adults, and a few even get patents.
All children know more, remember more, etc.
All children know something.
All children learn as they explore the outdoors.
All children learn at a different pace.
All children learn at different levels.
All children learn at different rates and in different ways.
All children learn at different rates.
All children learn best by doing.
All children learn best when challenged by high standards.
All children learn best when they have real materials they can manipulate.
All children learn better together.
All children learn by doing things.
All children learn by playing.
All children learn differently.
All children learn English when they are ten years of age.
All children learn handiwork, knitting, crocheting, sewing, wood and metal work and book binding.
All children learn how to read and write.
All children learn in a mixture of age groups.
All children learn in different ways.
All children learn in highly individual ways.
All children learn more effectively in a nurturing environment that is clean, safe, and disciplined.
All children learn the language to which they are exposed within a few years of their birth.
All children learn through play.
All children learn to play recorder and to knit.
All children learn to read and write in about the first and second grade.
All children learn.
All children lie at one time or another.
All children lie but in most, it is infrequent.
All children like to explore and have their secret hiding places.
All children like to feel that they have some control in their lives.
All children like to fit in at school.
All children like to move.
All children like to play but for some it is more difficult.
All children like to talk to their parents.
All children like to win.
All children line up at one end of the gym.
All children listen to learn.
All children listen to their parents and older relations and do as they are told.
All children living outside the village limits are eligible for bus transportation.
All children living within a particular school's catchment area normally attend that school.
All children lose when aggression is tolerated, the bullies, the victims, and the bystanders.
All children love animals.
All children love books.
All children love cuddly toys.
All children love cupcakes.
All children love face painting.
All children love pets.
All children love playing marbles.
All children love riddles.
All children love routine - babies and toddlers are no exception.
All children love the planetarium.
All children love their parents.
All children love to collect coins to put in their little piggy banks.
All children love to dress up.
All children love to go for a boat ride.
All children love to hear the story of their birth.
All children love to learn about animals and the environment.
All children love to learn at least all children love to learn before they go to school.
All children love to make things.
All children love to pour.
All children love to receive toys and games.
All children love to see and hear their name.
All children make and take home a nautical craft.
All children make art.
All children make mistakes or behave badly sometimes.
All Children Make sure that all children and staff wash their hands both before and after eating.
All children marry someone from another family.
All children matter.
All children meet for their weekly gathering.
All children misbehave at some time.
All children misbehave sometimes.
All children mouth or ingest non-food items to some extent.
All children move, too.
All children moving into a protected area are to remain close to the walls.
All children naturally comply with the demands of their internal sense of gender.
All children normally wake up four or five times each night after dreams.
All children notice differences.
All children occasionally misbehave.
All children ought to drink milk.
All children outgrow their playpens.
All children participate free of charge.
All children participate in a daily program of music, dance, art, and journaling.
All children participate in all games, play all positions and are substituted equally.
All children participate in an annual Lutheran School Track Meet in the spring.
All children participate in art and craft every day during free activity time.
All children participate in Garden play except during inclement weather.
All children participate in naptime.
All children participate in our developmentally appropriate learning curriculum.
All children participate in our physical education program daily.
All children participate in the program during their third grade year.
All children pay airfare if buying a package.
All children pay the fee, which includes a craft, snack, and outdoor exploration.
All children pay the fee.
All children play a minimum of one half game.
All children play on age-appropriate equipment.
All children play or want to play.
All children play outside daily unless weather conditions prevent it.
All children possess a personal dignity and value.
All children possess creativity.
All children possess something unique and special.
All children preschool through fifth grade are welcome.
All children progress at their own pace, and schools are different across the country.
All children react better to approval and affection.
All children react differently.
All children read well and independently by the end of the third grade.
All children really means all.
All children receive a complimentary gift.
All children receive a free small gift with their trolley ride.
All children receive a hot lunch including enough choices to accommodate likes and dislikes.
All children receive a prize for entering.
All children receive a ribbon, snacks, etc.
All children receive a t-shirt, goodie bag, and food.
All children receive age appropriate care or teaching.
All children receive all items All items are timed.
All children receive ample playing opportunities.
All children receive and accept age appropriate informed consent.
All children receive at least one complete meal a day while in the classroom.
All children receive awards for each athletic activity.
All children receive breakfast and lunch each day and a camp t-shirt.
All children receive classroom instruction prior to the field day.
All children receive continuous monitoring and modification of instruction.
All children receive fire safety education.
All children receive guided reading instruction daily.
All children receive home lead abatement and vitamin and mineral supplementation.
All children receive individual and personalized attention and learn at their own rate.
All children receive ongoing assessment on individual progress.
All children receive personal guidance and special assistance as needed.
All children receive swimming lessons daily.
All children receive the free meals regardless of family income.
All children receive vision and hearing testing, and speech and language testing.
All children recieve equal treatment and access to the school's services.
All children recieve Spanish, computer, art, and music instruction.
All children recite stanza fourteen.
All children recite the last stanza, just as they did the first.
All children rejoin their families furing the service for communion.
All children report to the playground at drop off.
All children require a ticket unless they are babies and can be held on a lap.
All children require food, air, water and shelter.
All children reside in an orphanage.
All children respond to puppets.
All children ride buses to school.
All children seem to have an optimal learning style.
All children share in the daily chores for their cottage.
All children share the same interests and play is universal.
All children show a passion for interactive exploration of their immediate world.
All children sit in a circle on the floor.
All children sitting in their own seats require tickets.
All children smile in the same language.
All children sort their rocks in a different way than their first sort.
All children speak and understand English, although Maori is regarded as their native tongue.
All children speak English so there is no language barrier.
All children stand up and can say a maximum of three numbers in sequence in French.
All children start life with the same empty brain cells.
All children stay free in the parent's room.
All children stay in secure, comfortable cabins.
All children succeed in school and are prepared for lifelong learning.
All children suffer from the effects of poor nutrition.
All children suffer from witnessing their father abuse their mother.
All children suffer some side effects when their parents are going through a divorce.
All children suffer varying degrees of emotional deprivation.
All children take all items in a specific booklet unless they reach an alternative stopping point.
All children take great delight in the rhythms and melodies of tunes.
All children take home a Victorian craft.
All children take swim lessons and free swim time is offered everyday.
All children take swimming once a week.
All children thrive on a dependable routine.
All children try it at least sometimes.
All children try to find out who they are and where they belong in society.
All children try to test limits.
All children use computers daily.
All children use piano keyboards as part of their music instruction.
All children use the gymnasium, covered pool and extensive grounds, which include a golf course.
All children victims Chernobyl disaster are at risk for psychosomatic disorders.
All children view things as animate.
All children visit the library and computer laboratory each week.
All children visiting the nursery always end up here, looking for fish and other critters.
All children wake during the night.
All children wash their hands after toileting or nose wiping, and before eating.
All children wash their hands before coming to the snack table.
All children wear hearing aids.
All children wear lifejackets at all times.
All children welcome.
All children win prizes.
All children wish for omnipotence, freedom, and revenge against repressive forces.
All children wonder if they are the cause of the divorce.
All children work with bar graphs.
All children worry at times about making mistakes and looking foolish.
All children write a book report on a famous inventor.
All children write creatively and learn to spell.
Any child born to a couple of the same clan is automatically a werebeast of the same clan.
Any child can always improve on their performance.
Any child can answer that.
Any child can be a bully, and any child can be bullied if the circumstances are right.
Any child can be a potential firesetter.
Any child can be a sexual abuse victim .
Any child can be a victim of abuse.
Any child can benefit in self-esteem from the power of a horse.
Any child can come and spend an afternoon there.
Any child can contribute art for print and web publication at no cost.
Any child can develop a case of head lice.
Any child can do it, any grown-up can do it.
Any child can do it.
Any child can do that.
Any child can easily access porn on the internet.
Any child can engage in behavior that is undesirable or inappropriate.
Any child can enter by reading three or more books during the month, as verified by a parent.
Any child can have a bad day, even a bad week, that passes without our ever understanding why.
Any child can have a world-class education, no matter where they start.
Any child can have one or two bad days.
Any child can hold still for a story.
Any child can join.
Any child can learn any human language if exposed to it.
Any child can learn how to communicate well and feel confident in life.
Any child can read better.
Any child can see almost instantly that they mix.
Any child can volunteer.
Any Child Can Write .
Any child coming into our household is a full member of the family.
Any child having an orthopedic problem is eligible for examination and treatment.
Any child is a potential participant for the Nature Bowl.
Any child is a potential victim.
Any child is potentially already a gifted child.
Any child is sure to love it.
Any child is welcome to enroll.
Any child is welcome to join our adventures.
Any child is welcome to play the bells.
Any child knows that Cows eat grass.
Any child knows the difference between a car and a truck.
Any child needs boundaries.
Any child requiring the care of a specialist can benefit from using interactive video.
Any child starting a new year typically sets off on the first morning feeling grown up.
Any children are to be closely supervised by accompanying adults at all times.
Any children are unknown.
Every child sometimes has trouble sitting still or paying attention.
Every child also has a cumulative writing folder on file in the school office.
Every child also has basic needs.
Every child also has experiences that seem designed to demonstrate unworthiness.
Every child also has the right to the highest standard of health and medical care attainable.
Every child appears on stage at some point in their first year.
Every child arrives with their favorite bear.
Every child attending receives a part favor.
Every Child Become a Reader.
Every child becomes every educator's responsibility.
Every child begins each day with all five cards.
Every child begins life with a certain hereditary endowment.
Every child begins life with the first two.
Every child begins the world again. . .
Every child born and unborn ought to be protected.
Every child born has a right to know there mother.
Every child born into the world is a new thought, a fresh and radiant possibility. . .
Every child born is given new frontiers to explore.
Every child brings a toilet paper roll.
Every child can be a great chef on a grill to play cooking and having a lot of fun talking about it.
Every child can be a successful learner.
Every child can be a wanted child.
Every child can be successful.
Every child can become a successful reader and writer.
Every child can become an asthma expert.
Every child can benefit from low-calorie snacks in terms of nutrients and satisfying their hunger.
Every child can grow into adulthood with a generous capacity for love and trust.
Every child can have a password and use hotmail for their e-mail address.
Every child can have a turn.
Every child can have one to wear home.
Every child can learn and deserves opportunities to learn.
Every child can learn and succeed if provided with the right opportunities.
Every child can learn and succeed.
Every child can learn if given the opportunity.
Every child can learn mathematics.
Every child can learn to read and write music.
Every child can learn.
Every child CAN learn.
Every child can potentially contribute to a Science Fair.
Every child can process information.
Every child can relate to it.
Every child can succeed at math.
Every child can succeed in becoming a happy, productive adult.
Every child challenges their parents in different ways.
Every child chooses from a wide array of choices, both interscholastic and intramural.
Every child comes into earthly life with an already formed character.
Every child conceived by a given couple is the result of a genetic lottery.
Every child contributes to the nation's existence and strength.
Every child counts, and every child can learn.
Every child counts.
Every child dealing with death needs the support of understanding adults.
Every child deals with something.
Every child departs with a keepsake copy of their reading circle's book.
Every child deserves a better chance.
Every child deserves a certified coach.
Every child deserves a chance .
Every child deserves a chance at a life filled with love, laughter, friends and family.
Every child deserves a chance to have a bright future.
Every child deserves a chance to hike in an old-growth forest or wade in a clear, cool stream.
Every child deserves a chance to learn and excel.
Every child deserves a chance to succeed.
Every child deserves a chance, and it is our responsibility to make sure that they get one.
Every child deserves a childhood.
Every child deserves a decent education and a good teacher.
Every child deserves a fair shot at the American dream.
Every child deserves a family.
Every child deserves a father.
Every child deserves a friend someone to look up to and someone who cares.
Every child deserves a good life.
Every child deserves a good teacher.
Every child deserves a happy holiday.
Every child deserves a healthy smile.
Every child deserves a healthy start toward a healthier future.
Every child deserves a high-quality education.
Every child deserves a home safe from lead hazards and the chance to start school ready to learn.
Every child deserves a home with nutritious food and a warm bed.
Every child deserves a home.
Every child deserves a lead-safe home.
Every child deserves a loving and stable family.
Every child deserves a loving family.
Every child deserves a loving home.
Every child deserves a loving, involved father.
Every child deserves a loving, safe, permanent home.
Every child deserves a moment in the sun.
Every child deserves a permanent family from the earliest possible moment.
Every child deserves a promising future.
Every child deserves a quality education delivered by a qualified teacher.
Every child deserves a quality education.
Every child deserves a quality place to grow and learn.
Every child deserves a right to play and to enjoy the experience of just being a kid.
Every child deserves a safe and permanent home.
Every child deserves a safe environment in which to get an education.
Every child deserves a safe school and needs a safe school to have a chance at success in life.
Every child deserves a safe, disciplined environment for learning.
Every child deserves a safe, loving and nurturing family.
Every child deserves a safe, loving home.
Every child deserves a safe, loving, permanent home.
Every child deserves a safe, nurturing place to heal and grow while awaiting permanence.
Every child deserves a safe, permanent and loving home to grow up in.
Every child deserves a safe, permanent and loving home.
Every child deserves a safe, stable, and nurturing family experience and community environment.
Every child deserves a second chance.
Every child deserves a stable and lasting family life.
Every child deserves a stable, loving, secure, and permanent home.
Every child deserves a trained and qualified teacher.
Every child deserves a well-qualified teacher.
Every child deserves a well-rounded education.
Every child deserves a wonderful education, regardless of economic stature.
Every child deserves an appropriate education at the school district's expense.
Every child deserves an excellent education.
Every child deserves an individualized education in the mainstream.
Every child deserves an open adoption.
Every child deserves an opportunity to be a success.
Every child deserves caring, competent, and qualified teachers every day.
Every child deserves clean air.
Every child deserves nurturing from their family and community.
Every child deserves our continued commitment to advocacy.
Every child deserves quality childcare.
Every child deserves quality time with their families O ur children are our future.
Every child deserves respect.
Every child deserves special attention.
Every child deserves stability, comfort and care.
Every child deserves that start in life.
Every child deserves that.
Every child deserves the best education available.
Every child deserves the best education possible.
Every child deserves the best education.
Every child deserves the best of the school system and every educator that works with that child.
Every child deserves the best possible chance in life.
Every child deserves the best.
Every child deserves the chance of a lifetime.
Every child deserves the chance to grow up in a safe environment.
Every child deserves the chance to have the best start in life.
Every child deserves the chance to learn, to be loved, and to have good role models.
Every child deserves the financial and emotional support of both parents.
Every child deserves the gift of time.
Every child deserves the love and security of a permanent family.
Every child deserves the monetary support of both parents.
Every child deserves the opportunity of having a mum and dad.
Every child deserves the opportunity to be successful.
Every child deserves the opportunity to connect with nature.
Every child deserves the opportunity to succeed in our public school system.
Every child deserves the right to have hope.
Every child deserves the same educational opportunities.
Every child deserves the same opportunity to succeed in our society.
Every child deserves the success reading affords.
Every child deserves the support of a strong family and community, and a smart start in life.
Every child deserves the support of both parents.
Every child deserves the very best education possible.
Every child deserves to be born.
Every child deserves to be challenged and to be successful in their daily school experiences.
Every child deserves to be healthy, safe and drug-free.
Every child deserves to be healthy.
Every child deserves to be in a classroom that works with a trained and qualified teacher.
Every child deserves to be known well.
Every child deserves to be protected from abuse.
Every child deserves to be raised in a caring, loving, nurturing home.
Every child deserves to be safe.
Every child deserves to be taught in an optimum learning environment.
Every child deserves to be taught the curriculum put forth by the school.
Every child deserves to be wanted, loved, and cared for.
Every child deserves to believe.
Every child deserves to feel loved and safe.
Every child deserves to feel safe in a loving and caring environment.
Every child deserves to grow in a loving, nurturing environment.
Every child deserves to grow up alcohol, tobacco and other drug-free.
Every child deserves to grow up free from abuse and violence.
Every child deserves to grow up healthy.
Every child deserves to grow up in a loving home with a father and a mother.
Every child deserves to grow up in a permanent family.
Every child deserves to have a family and a home.
Every child deserves to have a loving daddy as well as a Mom.
Every child deserves to have fun.
Every child deserves to have two parents that love it with all their hearts.
Every child deserves to live in a safe, permanent, and caring family.
Every child deserves to receive regular health care.
Every child develops at a different pace.
Every child develops at differing rates.
Every child develops in a unique and highly individualized way.
Every child develops intellectually, emotionally, and physically in a unique way.
Every child develops speech and language skills at a different pace.
Every child displays social processing impairments in a unique way.
Every child enters school with an unique set of abilities.
Every child enters school with their own unique background.
Every child faces emotional difficulties from time to time, as do adults.
Every child feels a part of a very special family.
Every child feels special with something they can call their own.
Every child feels success in some area at every lesson.
Every child gets a chance to field and to bat a couple times each evening.
Every child gets a free gift.
Every child gets a goodie bag.
Every child gets a magic wand and learns to do tricks with the wand.
Every child gets a prize.
Every child gets a race number, a ribbon for completion and a gift packet.
Every child gets a turn to match cards until all the cards are matched.
Every child gets exactly one candy at every house.
Every child gets one.
Every child gets sick from time to time.
Every child gets to compete.
Every child gets to participate.
Every child gets to play.
Every child goes home with a copy in their bag of goodies.
Every child goes through it in one way or another.
Every child goes through stages in sleep development.
Every child growing up in the community is entitled to an education.
Every child grows differently and every child needs a different amount of food.
Every child has a biological father.
Every child has a chance to succeed, because in creating art there's nothing that's right or wrong.
Every child has a choice at any time food is offered.
Every child has a constitutional right to a free and appropriate public education.
Every child has a culture that has worth.
Every child has a developing sense of aesthetics.
Every child has a different situation and every child learns in a different way.
Every child has a different temperment.
Every child has a divine destiny.
Every child has a favorite book or story and asks for it to be read or told time and again.
Every child has a genetic blueprint equally contributed to by each parent.
Every child has a gift.
Every child has a guardian angel that protects it from harm.
Every child has a legal right to state-supported education.
Every child has a mother and a father and knows it.
Every child has a name-tag.
Every child has a natural curiosity about their own body.
Every child has a personal art tablet which serves as a spiritual journal.
Every child has a personal folder that serves as a spiritual journal.
Every child has a personal set of temperament characteristics that are evident at an early age.
Every child has a piece of art work exhibited.
Every child has a pillow made of chocolate and whipped cream.
Every child has a place ot belong and to flourish.
Every child has a right to a basic education.
Every child has a right to a better future.
Every child has a right to a family.
Every child has a right to a free place at school.
Every child has a right to a healthy life, a healthy mind and a better future.
Every child has a right to a loving, responsive bond with both parents.
Every child has a right to a name and nationality and identity.
Every child has a right to a name at birth and a nationality.
Every child has a right to a permanent home and family.
Every child has a right to a safe, healthy, nurturing environment.
Every child has a right to an education in a positive, safe learning environment.
Every child has a right to an education.
Every child has a right to be born into a family where it is wanted by both parents.
Every child has a right to be called by their first name.
Every child has a right to be loved and protected.
Every child has a right to be loved.
Every child has a right to both natural parents.
Every child has a right to education.
Every child has a right to expect the bus driver to be constantly vigilant of the child's safety.
Every child has a right to feel safe at school and to be in a productive learning environment.
Every child has a right to grow, to develop, and to achieve their full potential as human beings.
Every child has a right to life from the first moment of conception.
Every child has a right to life, and heath care.
Every child has a right to life.
Every child has a right to the financial and emotional support of both parents.
Every child has a sad story, every child is healed.
Every Child has a special friend in their life.
Every child has a specific way of absorbing information.
Every child has a spiritual life already.
Every child has a story like that.
Every child has a talent and every child has a dream.
Every child has a talent or a gift.
Every child has a unique pattern of taking in and responding to information from the senses.
Every child has a unique personality and a different threshold for various situations.
Every child has a unique personality.
Every child has a unique set of issues they are dealing with.
Every child has a unique way of expressing themselves.
Every child has a vocation and, for the first many years of their life, the same vocation.
Every child has academic strengths and weaknesses.
Every child has access to health care.
Every child has access to various components of technology in the classrooms and the library.
Every child has also the opportunity to react with master teachers.
Every child has an active imagination.
Every child has an equal opportunity to learn.
Every child has an individual learning style.
Every child has an opportunity to come at least once during the school year.
Every child has as much potential to be proficient in music as to learn to read or write.
Every child has assets.
Every child has at least one line of script.
Every child has at least one positive trait.
Every child has at least one sense they can rely on, even the handicapped children.
Every child has different dietary needs.
Every child has different likes and dislikes.
Every child has different needs and interests.
Every child has different needs.
Every child has different skills and abilities.
Every child has dreams.
Every child has gifts, some just take longer to open their packages.
Every child has gifts.
Every child has it.
Every child has natural curiosity and can learn.
Every child has natural grace and eloquence.
Every child has parents, either by blood or actions, and their influence has lasting effects.
Every child has potential and deserves the nurturing necessary for it to be realized.
Every child has potential brightness if only the dark clouds are driven out.
Every child has potential.
Every child has right to both.
Every child has some area of competence, one that can serve as a source of pride and accomplishment.
Every child has some concept of self.
Every child has something that they find exciting or interesting.
Every child has something to contribute to the world and oftentimes adults are too busy to notice.
Every child has something to contribute.
Every child has something to offer.
Every child has something to show.
Every child has something unique.
Every child has special talents and good qualities.
Every child has stressors.
Every child has talent.
Every child has talents that can be nurtured to bloom.
Every child has the ability and the right to become a skillful reader.
Every child has the ability to grow through music.
Every child has the fear of needle and injection.
Every child has the inherent right to a public education, regardless of economic status.
Every child has the innate urge and capacity to be artistically expressive.
Every child has the opportunity to play at least one half of every game.
Every child has the opportunity to use varied media and explore different techniques.
Every child has the potential for exhibiting fire setting behavior.
Every child has the potential for successful, meaningful interactions with music.
Every child has the potential to achieve success in life if given the right tools to do so.
Every child has the potential to be creative.
Every child has the potential to be happy, healthy and wealthy.
Every child has the potential to become a recognized leader.
Every child has the potential to develop effective skills and strategies.
Every child has the potential to do something well, that is a positive contribution to society.
Every child has the potential to grow into a moral and responsible adult.
Every child has the potential to learn.
Every child has the potential to set fires.
Every child has the potential to succeed.
Every child has the right and ability to learn.
Every child has the right to a free, appropriate public education.
Every child has the right to a free, public education.
Every child has the right to a good education.
Every child has the right to a good start in life.
Every child has the right to a high-quality education.
Every child has the right to a life free from discrimination.
Every child has the right to a loving family.
Every child has the right to a name and nationality from birth.
Every child has the right to a name at birth and the right to become a citizen of a country.
Every child has the right to a permanent family.
Every child has the right to a public education.
Every child has the right to a public school education.
Every child has the right to a quality education.
Every child has the right to acquire a nationality.
Every child has the right to an appropriate and enriched education.
Every child has the right to an appropriate, high quality education.
Every child has the right to an education in a safe and secure environment.
Every child has the right to an education.
Every child has the right to attend a safe and well-maintained public school.
Every child has the right to attend a safe school.
Every child has the right to be as safe as possible in a car.
Every child has the right to be born, to be loved.
Every child has the right to be brought up in a loving and nurturing home.
Every child has the right to be protected from cruelty or unfair treatment.
Every child has the right to be raised in a permanent, loving home.
Every child has the right to be strong and healthy in mind and body.
Every child has the right to be taught by teachers who know their subjects well.
Every child has the right to be watched over and taken care of in times of danger.
Every child has the right to be well fed and well led.
Every child has the right to develop into a thoughtful, competent reader.
Every child has the right to emotional and financial support from both parents.
Every child has the right to experience success in school.
Every child has the right to family care, parental care, or appropriate alternative care .
Every child has the right to feel safe, valued and comfortable in school.
Every child has the right to feel safe.
Every child has the right to feel valued, respected and safe at school.
Every child has the right to financial and emotional support from both parents.
Every child has the right to free, appropriate public education.
Every child has the right to get an education in an environment free from hate and violence.
Every child has the right to go to school and play.
Every child has the right to go to school and to play.
Every child has the right to grow properly.
Every child has the right to grow up in a family feeling safe, loved, and understood.
Every child has the right to grow up in a family feeling safe,loved and understood.
Every child has the right to grow up in a loving, stable home.
Every child has the right to grow up in a safe and nurturing environment.
Every child has the right to grow up in a safe neighborhood.
Every child has the right to have a chance to learn whether it's at home or a school setting.
Every child has the right to have a country, an identity, dreams, education and health care.
Every child has the right to have a name and country.
Every child has the right to have enough food to eat, a place to live, and a doctor's care.
Every child has the right to have enough food to eat,a place to live,and a doctor's care.
Every child has the right to have the support of both parents.
Every child has the right to health, food, water, sanitation and housing.
Every child has the right to learn something new every day, no matter where their test scores fall.
Every child has the right to learn.
Every child has the right to life, to be named, to a nationality and to freedom of expression.
Every child has the right to participate fully in cultural life and the arts.
Every child has the right to physical and emotional wellness.
Every child has the right to play on a level playing field with other children.
Every child has the right to play.
Every child has the right to protection in war.
Every child has the right to quality, free public education.
Every child has the right to read and to have easy access to appropriate reading materials.
Every child has the right to receive a basic education.
Every child has the right to smile and to be a child.
Every child has the right to speak.
Every child has the right to the highest standard of health and medical care possible.
Every child has the right to two mature, caring and available parents.
Every child has the right to two parents.
Every child has the scientist's sense of wonder and awe.
Every child has the unique gift of individuality to share with others.
Every child has their boogeyman.
Every child has their dream.
Every child has their own definition of violence and every parent has their own definition.
Every child has their own horse for the week.
Every child has their own way of playing and they do learn.
Every child has their own.
Every child has their world and they've been thrown out of it.
Every child has there own sleeping needs.
Every child has there very own advent calendar.
Every child has to be given one holiday in the year.
Every child has to participate in all facets of the game attack and defense.
Every child has unique gifts and talents.
Every child has worth.
Every child hates being sent to bed.
Every child instinctively loves birthday parties.
Every child is a blessing to believing parents.
Every child is a blessing.
Every child is a bundle of possibilities, a child of promise.
Every child is a bundle of potential.
Every child is a distinct entity, endowed with differing talents.
Every child is a genius.
Every child is a gift, and a special child is a special gift.
Every child is a gift, has something to teach, something to offer.
Every child is a gift, strengthening our community, our humanity, and our hope for the future.
Every child is a gifted child.
Every child is a miracle, and each is going to go through the preemie thing differently.
Every child is a miracle.
Every child is a mystery to be honored.
Every child is a perfect work, waiting to be revealed.
Every child is a potential genius if the right inputs are given.
Every child is a potential savage.
Every child is a potential winner.
Every child is a precious package, full of surprises, strengths, weaknesses and gifts.
Every child is a star.
Every child is a success Every Teacher is a leader and Every staff member and parent is a teacher.
Every child is a unique and talented individual.
Every child is a unique collage of strengths and needs.
Every child is a unique human being with basic human needs.
Every child is a unique individual who has the capacity to learn.
Every child is a unique individual with individual needs.
Every child is a unique individual.
Every child is a unique person, each born with various degrees of abilities and limitations.
Every child is a unique person.
Every child is a unique, new being. .
Every child is a valuable human being, full of wonder and curiousity.
Every child is a valuable resource to be nurtured.
Every child is a valued individual who has great potential.
Every child is a wanted child.
Every child is a winner.
Every child is a wonderful gift, a unique individual with unlimited potential.
Every child is able to learn.
Every child is able to think creatively.
Every child is accepted and appreciated for being an unique individual.
Every child is accounted for at all times by a supervising adult.
Every child is adoptable.
Every child is affirmed.
Every child is afraid of something .
Every child is afraid of something.
Every child is an angel, especially at bedtime while they say their prayers.
Every child is an artist .
Every child is an artist.
Every Child is an artist.
Every child is an at-risk youth.
Every child is an individual with different strengths and weaknesses.
Every child is an individual, and every family is different.
Every child is an individual.
Every child is an infinite wisdom in a body with just a little human experience.
Every child is analyzed, evaluated and scrutinized.
Every child is as different as their fingerprints.
Every child is assigned a number at the time of registration.
Every child is assisted through a local church or Christian fellowship.
Every child is at grade level.
Every child is at risk of becoming a casualty.
Every child is at risk of being lost.
Every child is at risk of being ostracized with anti-gay slurs.
Every child is at risk.
Every child is born a genius.
Every child is born a naturalist.
Every child is born an artist.
Every child is born at a particular time and place - into a particular environment.
Every child is born endowed with unique and unknown potential.
Every child is born into a different family.
Every child is born into the world bearing upon itself the stamp of ancestral sin.
Every child is born with a desire to learn.
Every child is born with a unique set of talents and abilities.
Every child is born with a vast intelligence and a natural curiosity and love of learning.
Every child is born with an aggressive component.
Every child is born with scientific and mathematical curiosity.
Every child is born with some form to explore, to investigate, to satisfy their boundless curiosity.
Every child is born with that capacity.
Every child is born with the fitra, an innate disposition towards virtue, knowledge, and beauty.
Every child is capable of learning to read and to enjoy reading.
Every child is capable of learning.
Every child is conceived in sin .
Every child is conceived in sin.
Every child is creative.
Every child is critical to the success of the show.
Every child is different and capable of learning.
Every child is different and even normal development varies from child to child.
Every child is different and every child has to be looked at differently.
Every child is different and every child tolerates treatment differently.
Every child is different and every child's positioning needs are different.
Every child is different and every transplant is different.
Every child is different and everyone is looking for the best place for their child.
Every child is different and is affected differently.
Every child is different and matures and learns at a different pace.
Every child is different and requires professional intervention.
Every child is different and so is every school let's set specific goals for each school.
Every child is different and special.
Every child is different and they all respond in different ways to infection or illness.
Every child is different and unique.
Every child is different but certainly as soon as it s light outside children want to stay up later.
Every child is different but they all respond well to positive encouragement.
Every child is different from other children with regard to attention and activity.
Every child is different, and centers and providers also differ.
Every child is different, and deserves to be seen, heard, and responded to in their own unique way.
Every child is different, and every group and program is even more diverse.
Every child is different, and every parent is different.
Every child is different, and many children are definitely outside the norm.
Every child is different, as is every household, class, or care situation.
Every child is different, as is the amount of reassurance each needs.
Every child is different, every child is special.
Every child is different, the families are different, the dynamics of the family are different.
Every child is different, with different experiences and different emotions.
Every child is different, with different learning styles and needs.
Every child is different.
Every child is encouraged to respect and conserve our natural resources.
Every child is encouraged to try the many clubs on offer during breaks and after school.
Every child is endowed with natural curiosity and thirst for learning.
Every child is enriched through music.
Every child is enthusiastic and sings a lot.
Every child is entitled access to education.
Every child is entitled to a free and appropriate public education.
Every child is entitled to a permanent nurturing home.
Every child is entitled to a quality education.
Every child is entitled to a safe and inviting learning environment.
Every child is entitled to a safe, compassionate, learning environment.
Every child is entitled to a safe, secure home.
Every child is entitled to a sound, basic education.
Every child is entitled to experience all the activities that the child care center provides.
Every child is entitled to financial and emotional support from both parents.
Every child is entitled to have constant opportunities to connect with adults of the child's race.
Every child is entitled to it.
Every child is entitled to learn and grow in a safe environment.
Every child is entitled to parents who know that if they are white, they benefit from racism.
Every child is entitled to parents who know that transracial adoption changes the family forever.
Every child is entitled to respect.
Every child is entitled to the blessing of a good home.
Every child is entitled to their own special space.
Every child is entitled under the State Constitution to a free public education.
Every child is entitles to discipline with dignity.
Every child is equal.
Every child is every teacher's responsibility.
Every child is flown by an experienced pilot from the flying club.
Every child is gifted in different areas.
Every child is given a container to collect five brightly colored eggs filled with wrapped candy.
Every child is given a physical exam before being matched, and then the match is made.
Every child is given the opportunity to grow and be challenged.
Every child is given the opportunity to succeed And to grow.
Every child is good at something.
Every child is good.
Every child is guaranteed playing time and the game is taught in a fun and enjoyable atmosphere.
Every child is home schooled for at least a while.
Every child is important and is deserving of top-quality Christian discipleship.
Every child is important at West Woodland.
Every child is important.
Every child is inherently worthy of love.
Every child is insured access to a high quality arts education.
Every child is intrigued with bugs.
Every child is involved.
Every child is like a diamond in the rough.
Every child is loving, forgiving, they're inquisitive and they're risk takers.
Every child is one year older than our son.
Every child is our child.
Every child is paired with a big buddy in the elementary grades.
Every child is part of a family system.
Every child is part of the community.
Every child is precious and deserves all of our help to succeed.
Every child is precious and has special needs.
Every child is precious and needs to be guided to greatness.
Every child is precious and requires food, cothing, as well as an education and health care.
Every child is precious.
Every child is priceless.
Every child is provided a copy of the Code of Student Conduct.
Every child is required to have a complete physical.
Every child is required to have a photo taken , but purchasing a picture package is optional .
Every child is respected as an individual and taught to treat others with respect.
Every child is rewarded equally.
Every child is sacred and special no matter how they are born.
Every child is seen as equally capable when given equal resources and opportunities.
Every child is seen individually by a teacher of the deaf with assessments taking place each term.
Every child is so different with their own unique style.
Every child is so different.
Every child is so unique regarding the adaption process.
Every child is special, and every child has special needs.
Every child is special.
Every child is successful.
Every child is susceptible and none are immune to dental problems.
Every child is taught calligraphy.
Every child is taught Spanish to appreciate other cultures in the world.
Every child is taught the basics of bag folding as part of the rite of passage to adulthood.
Every child is tested for educational needs and placed in the appropriate educational setting.
Every child is the product of a double line of ancestors.
Every child is the same in that way.
Every child is told certain things about themselves that they are stupid, for example.
Every child is touched by Quest.
Every child is treated differently.
Every child is treated with both discipline and encouragement designed for the greatest good.
Every child is treated with love, affection and spiritual guidance by our dedicated volunteers.
Every child is unique and different.
Every child is unique and every family is unique.
Every child is unique and exhibits different strengths and needs.
Every child is unique and has a diverse family background.
Every child is unique and has an individual rate of development.
Every child is unique and is treated with dignity and respect.
Every child is unique and needs the individual attention that can only be provided by a parent.
Every child is unique and special and deserves a chance to live.
Every child is unique and special in their own way.
Every child is unique and special.
Every child is unique and treatment and prognosis is structured around the child.
Every child is unique and treatment and prognosis is structured around the child's needs.
Every child is unique in nutritional requirements.
Every child is unique in sleep requirements and each one has a different pattern.
Every child is unique, every teacher is unique, and every school is unique.
Every child is unique, with or without a complete set of chromosomes.
Every child is unique.
Every child is vaccinated.
Every child is valued as a whole child.
Every child is valued here.
Every child is vulnerable to sexual abuse, and many are vulnerable to neglect or physical abuse.
Every child is vulnerable to sexual abuse.
Every child is vulnerable.
Every child is welcome regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin or handicap.
Every child is welcome.
Every child is white, except the adopted ones.
Every child is worth protecting.
Every child is worthy of respect.
Every child is, to a larger or smaller extent, a reflection of the parents.
Every child is.
Every child knows that a lollipop helps relieve the pain of a visit to the doctor.
Every child knows that grades are arbitrary.
Every child knows that in a nuclear war there can be no winners.
Every child knows that one way to understand how something works is to break it.
Every child knows that the sun in the west.
Every child knows the difference between being talked with and talked to.
Every child knows the exact size and weight of the official measurement known as the crumb.
Every child knows there are no safe places any longer.
Every child knows what happened to the dinosaurs.
Every child learns a bit differently.
Every child learns and responds in a different way at a different pace.
Every child learns computer skills, and most of the classrooms are hooked up to the Internet.
Every child learns differently.
Every child learns in a different manner.
Every child learns in a different way and many of our schools have set curriculums.
Every child learns in a different way.
Every child learns in their own manner, at their own rate and pace.
Every child learns to follow directions, pay attention in class and participate in class activities.
Every child learns to read.
Every child leaves the party with an official certificate of knighthood.
Every child likes play dough.
Every child likes to be the center of attention once in a while.
Every child likes to have something special to take home from church.
Every child listens differently.
Every child looks forward to a classroom field trip.
Every child loves a good story - be it factual or mythical.
Every child loves a party especially if it's hosted by their teacher.
Every child loves a pet.
Every child loves a place to hide and be in their own space, and yet feel safe.
Every child loves a pop-up book.
Every child loves a visit to the fire station.
Every child loves stickers.
Every child loves the sight of a fuzzy, yellow chick.
Every child loves to build snow castles, small ones and a little bigger ones.
Every child loves to get a big trunk for a gift.
Every child loves to get mail, and getting e-mail is extra fun.
Every child loves to hear a good story.
Every child makes a difference and has a significant contribution to make.
Every child makes up stories and draws pictures and, in the beginning, they do so unselfconsciously.
Every child matters.
Every child misbehaves from time to time.
Every Child Needs .
Every child needs a board book to be read to during food time and bath time.
Every child needs a break after school.
Every child needs a chance to be a child and every adult needs to keep some child within.
Every child needs a cot if they are to sleep safely.
Every child needs a family .
Every child needs a father figure.
Every child needs a hero.
Every child needs a home.
Every child needs a lap.
Every child needs a little reining in now and again.
Every child needs a new pair of shoes from time to time.
Every child needs a permanent, loving home.
Every child needs a place to call their own and practice the art of hospitality.
Every child needs a place where they feel wanted, accepted and cherished.
Every child needs a positive one.
Every child needs a preschool.
Every child needs a quiet place to work with no other people or distractions around.
Every child needs a safe place - both emotionally and physically.
Every child needs a safe, secure home environment in order to thrive.
Every child needs a sense of belonging and a sense of identity and individual expression.
Every child needs a special place to study and keep books.
Every child needs a special relationship with a caring adult.
Every child needs a stable, durable, tranquil, nurturing, loving family.
Every child needs a stable, two-parent family, and a living wage can help achieve that.
Every child needs a strong attachment between parent and child.
Every child needs a success, a means of gaining recognition.
Every child needs a trusting adult to talk to to share concerns.
Every child needs access to primary health care.
Every child needs an adult.
Every child needs and deserves . . .
Every child needs and deserves a good father and a good mother.
Every child needs and deserves a healthy, loving family.
Every child needs and deserves at least two languages to function in a global society.
Every child needs and deserves nurturing from their family and community.
Every child needs and deserves to be loved and cared for by a real father and mother.
Every child needs both roots and wings.
Every child needs both.
Every child needs consistent coaching and loving leadership to succeed.
Every child needs continuity of care.
Every child needs financial and emotional support.
Every child needs immunizations during infancy and early childhood.
Every child needs individual parent time.
Every child needs normal social interaction, bonding and parenting.
Every child needs nourishment during the day.
Every child needs parents who learn what to expect at different ages and stages.
Every child needs quality time alone with a parent.
Every child needs someone in whose eyes that child can do no wrong.
Every child needs someone who cares and shows it.
Every child needs someplace to go after school.
Every child needs structure, love, care.
Every child needs the best skills to succeed in our rapidly changing world.
Every child needs the reassurance they are valued and loved by a parent.
Every child needs thisi book.
Every child needs time to adjust to a new situation.
Every child needs to attend a high quality school.
Every child needs to be a hero sometime.
Every child needs to be admired by at least a few adults.
Every child needs to be fully immunized whenever possible.
Every child needs to be heard.
Every child needs to be loved and to learn to love.
Every child needs to be noticed.
Every child needs to be potty trained, though it can certainly turn into a war of wills at times.
Every child needs to be tested every year.
Every child needs to develop a strong sense of family identity and intimacy.
Every child needs to develop skills for interacting with others of different ages and backgrounds.
Every child needs to experience the same.
Every child needs to feel unique.
Every child needs to feel wanted and loved from the beginning.
Every child needs to get a good start in life.
Every child needs to grow.
Every child needs to have a good teacher every year.
Every child needs to have some violence prevention curriculum.
Every child needs to know that they are special and worthwhile.
Every child needs to know the basics of home safety.
Every child needs to learn how to read to be successful.
Every child needs to learn internal discipline.
Every child needs to learn that obedience to authority is compulsory.
Every child needs to learn to interact with the world.
Every child needs to play with a variety of games whether board games or other types.
Every child needs to practice making decisions and setting goals in personal and group activities.
Every child needs to speak two or three languages.
Every child needs to succeed at something.
Every child needs warm and loving care from the entire family.
Every Child Needs.
Every child offers something special to the group, and the staff are talented, caring people.
Every child plays and playes each position during the game.
Every child possesses a unique sense of artistic capability.
Every child reacts differently to learning that a loved one has died.
Every child reacts differently.
Every child reading to learn by fourth grade Early education rightly emphasizes learning to read.
Every child reads at a different pace.
Every child reads well and independently by the end of the third grade.
Every child receives a certificate which shows a number of badges from one to five for each part.
Every child receives a certificate.
Every child receives appropriate medical, dental, mental health and nutritional services.
Every child receives hat, shirt and end of season medal.
Every child recieves a certificate on completion.
Every child registering on time is placed on a team.
Every child remembers their first trip to the circus.
Every child responds to the fairy tale ending in which the chaste maiden meets prince charming.
Every child runs away from home.
Every child seeks the approval from their parents, especially their Dad.
Every child seems to want one.
Every child shines in their own way.
Every child signs up to play.
Every Child smiles in the same language.
Every child starts on an even playing field.
Every child starts out with a built-in loyalty to both parents.
Every child struggles with that question as they enter the teen years.
Every Child Succeeds recommends the following related links for additional information.
Every child succeeds.
Every Child Succeeds.
Every child suffers to some extent.
Every child takes a unique and solitary dare at some point in the hard process of growing up.
Every child takes home giveaways and candy.
Every child then sits on a chair.
Every child there is a business man.
Every child throws their shoes into a pile in the middle of the circle.
Every child touches our souls in very different, special ways.
Every child trains differently.
Every child understands Each one's color is just right To make our world all rainbow bright.
Every child uses imagination playing with puppets,dolls, costumes and playhouses.
Every child walks out of that school trilingual.
Every child wants a cuddly, fluffy lion to snuggle up with.
Every Child wants a web site to show their buddies.
Every child wants to be accepted, adored, admired and respected at home and by the parents first.
Every child wants to be heard.
Every child wants to be the centre of attention.
Every child wants to become independent as early as possible.
Every child wants to feel like a reader and show their families what they can read.
Every child wants to feel like a reader.
Every child wants to know and do it all.
Every child wears a camp T-shirt.
Every child wins a prize at game booths.
Every child works hard to learn how to walk.
Every child works with special teachers in music, physical education, Spanish, art and computers.
Many children accompany their parents here at holidays and spring break.
Many children achieve several award pins which they display on their sailor caps.
Many children acquire autism after being vaccinated.
Many children adopted from other countries attend local schools that teach language and culture.
Many children agree, for they often describe how much they like to cuddle their pets.
Many children already feel bad when they have had a toilet accident.
Many children already have careers in mind for the future.
Many children already know the basics.
Many children also develop a fear of the bathtub sometime during their second year.
Many children also develop smaller spots of rash at several locations.
Many children also go home and have to stay home after school because their parents are working.
Many children also have allergies to wheat, tree nuts, milk and eggs, for example.
Many children also have difficulty with balance as a result of middle ear problems.
Many children also have difficulty with balance.
Many children also have great difficulty with the motor planning required as a foundation for play.
Many children also prefer plain foods rather than mixed dishes.
Many children also receive the services of an occupational and physical therapist.
Many children also report that their parents have set no rules about TV watching.
Many children also seem to especially like to get a written note from a parent.
Many children also seem to improve their motor skills.
Many children also spend one year in preschool.
Many children also suffer lifelong disabilities from unintentional injuries.
Many children also try out lying and stealing to see what happens.
Many Children Also Use Ratings.
Many children also use smokeless tobacco, such as snuff and chewing tobacco.
Many children also wonder about things like is cancer contagious.
Many children are a blessing.
Many children are a little sore at the site of the injection.
Many children are able to accomplish certain things at specific ages.
Many children are able to cope successfully with disturbing events.
Many children are adept at net-usage.
Many children are afraid of clowns and having one their height made it less scary.
Many children are afraid of sliding through the seat of a regular toilet.
Many children are afraid to go to the few remaining schools due to fear of being abducted.
Many children are alcohol exposed in utero but are placed as normal, healthy infants.
Many children are alone and homeless.
Many children are also able to recite rhymes and to sing from memory.
Many children are also engaged in dangerous activities in places such as stone quarries.
Many children are among the dead.
Many children are among the refugees.
Many children are at risk and most never receive help.
Many children are at the brink of death.
Many children are at-risk to drop out of school.
Many children are back at play just a few days after heart surgery.
Many children are bed-ridden, blind, or deaf.
Many children are calm, comfortable, and confident in a pediatric dental office.
Many children are clever enough to circumvent the screening methods employed.
Many children are considerably better off as a result of early and appropriate intervention.
Many children are convinced deep down that divorce is their fault.
Many children are couch potatoes, watching ads for high fat foods on television.
Many children are creatures of habit and thrive when they follow a predictable schedule.
Many children are curious about themselves, the weather, and animals.
Many children are eager to do their homework right away when they get home from school.
Many children are eager to move out of their toddler seat and into a booster seat.
Many children are eligible for free or low-cost immunizations.
Many children are eligible for summer programs.
Many children are emotionally or physically neglected.
Many children are excellent observers and can read purpose and focus on someone's face.
Many children are familiar with pinatas, especially on birthday parties.
Many children are frightened, alone, and suffering.
Many children are hypersensitive to sound, and find each and every sound distracting.
Many children are ill because of nutritional deficiencies.
Many children are in Atlanta without grandparents, aunts, or uncles.
Many children are in preschool, and they see their friends go to kindergarten while they stay.
Many children are in the care of family, friends, and neighbors while their parents work.
Many children are in wheelchairs.
Many children are inattentive, impulsive, disorganized and even oppositional.
Many children are incapable to fulfill the financial requirements that the private lessons require.
Many children are interested in penguins and excited about learning how they live.
Many children are likely to do the latter.
Many children are lonely and very alone with their own thinking and feelings.
Many children are loud and make sudden movements which can frighten a budgie into flight.
Many children are mentally ready by about first and second grad.
Many children are more alert in sitting.
Many children are more knowlegeable about the computer than their parents.
Many children are normally afraid of the dark.
Many children are now on the Internet receiving almost instant responses to queries.
Many children are now orphans.
Many children are oversensitive to light and noise.
Many children are picky eaters.
Many children are ready to cry at the approach of a stranger.
Many children are resilient and can learn to reattach.
Many children are scared of the dark or of imaginary monsters.
Many children are sick from the pollution and babies are being born with deformities.
Many children are simply slower in developing certain skills.
Many children are simply too young to understand the whole story.
Many children are skilled navigators in cyberspace.
Many children are slow in learning how to handle eating utensils correctly.
Many children are subject to kidnapping and forced recruitment as fighters.
Many children are subtly or violently allergic to milk proteins.
Many children are too embarrassed or are afraid to tell an adult about bullying.
Many children are too short for the electronic eye to detect when they are sitting on the toilet.
Many children are too timid to communicate with the driver regarding their name or where they live.
Many children are too young to understand the white powdery stuff in baggies.
Many children are toxemic with high fever.
Many children are uncomfortable in the water and try to sit up in the water.
Many children are unfamiliar with the act of reading.
Many children are unfamiliar with the dedication and author pages in books.
Many children are up and around within a few days and able to return to school in a week or so.
Many children are upset by changes in the familiar environment.
Many children are victims a number of times.
Many children are victims of neglect, or sexual abuse, or emotional abuse.
Many children are victims of neglect, or sexual or emotional abuse.
Many children are victims of the ongoing war in Sierra Leone.
Many children argue because they are jealous.
Many children ask to be treated like a baby when the new baby comes.
Many children ask to do more ABA therapy because they enjoy the positive reinforcement.
Many children assume that they are to blame for their parents' hostility.
Many children attend Catholic schools.
Many children attend classes in the morning and only come to playgrounds in the afternoon.
Many children attend preschool classes.
Many children attend preschool for only half a day.
Many children attend the private schools.
Many children avoid effort to avoid failure.
Many children bear the emotional wounds of serious abuse and neglect.
Many children become addicted to a book, a puzzle or a video.
Many children become anxious about school or things that happen at school.
Many children become available for adoption each year in New Mexico.
Many children become fragmented and lost growing up.
Many children become involved in gangs to find a sense of family or belonging.
Many children become lead poisoned when their home is remodeled or repainted.
Many children become less active as they move through adolescence.
Many children become less sensitive about the pain and suffering of others.
Many children become restless and overactive in response to grief.
Many children become robotic, spacey, listless, anxious and emotionless.
Many children begin reading with an alphabet book.
Many children begin sounding out three-letter phonetic words in our program.
Many children begin to play the sport at young ages.
Many children begin to show interest in peers as early as eighteen months.
Many children believe school is fun because they want to believe and please their parents.
Many children believe that they can hide from fire.
Many children benefit from a hands-on, integrated approach.
Many children benefit from immediate gratification.
Many children benefit tremendously from the appropriate use of psychotropic drugs.
Many children born prematurely in the fifties and early sixties suffer from visual impairments.
Many children bring lunch and snacks from home.
Many children can act the same part.
Many children can benefit from immediate gratification.
Many children can build a web site today.
Many children can calm down in seconds.
Many children can distinguish among different speech patterns.
Many children can find meaning in pictures but are bewildered by the abstract form of printed words.
Many children can get a gun quicker than they can get a book out of the library.
Many children can handle no more than two hours in the car at a time.
Many children can have bad dreams following violent or disturbing movies or television programs.
Many children can hear better right away after the ear tubes have been put in.
Many children can identify words from a set of alternatives without lip reading.
Many children can identify words from a set of alternatives without lipreading.
Many children can learn to bite off a piece of food and spit it out immediately.
Many children can learn, if taught.
Many children can open the bottles faster than adults.
Many children can play it.
Many children can really benefit from a week away from the family at a holiday camp.
Many children can shed rotavirus and never become ill.
Many children can t judge how fast vehicles are going or how far away they are.
Many children can take tablets if they are crushed into powder.
Many children can tell different coins apart between four and five years of age.
Many children can, therefore, attend mainstream classes.
Many children can.
Many children care for younger siblings after their parents leave X'oyep seeking work.
Many children carry books around when they learn to walk in the homes that value books.
Many children carry weapons to school.
Many children carve out their own space on the Web with homepages they construct.
Many children catch a virus of apathy and cynicism.
Many children catch diseases from dirty water.
Many children cherish the dream of becoming professional athletes.
Many children choose private education.
Many children choose to stay two or more sessions.
Many children choose to wear super-hero capes when playing outside.
Many children clamor after the latest trend toys.
Many children collect objects, such as books on a particular topic, photographs, or maps.
Many children come as soon as school begins each morning.
Many children come from broken homes and have little or no stability in their lives.
Many children come from illiterate backgrounds and they come to school with no preparation.
Many children come from monolingual, non-English speaking homes.
Many children come from poor home situations.
Many children come from rural areas.
Many children come here to be socialized and to learn the English language.
Many children come into the school system from poor families and with low self esteems.
Many children come out, all talking at once.
Many children come to adoption by way of parental neglect or abuse.
Many children come to Cleo each day to attend day treatment.
Many children come to day and resident camp with a variety of emotional disorders.
Many children come to school behind, fall further behind, and eventually, give up on education.
Many children come to school believing they already know how to write.
Many children come to school dark-eyed and exhausted.
Many children come to school from highly dysfunctional families.
Many children come to school hungry and homeless, angry and abused.
Many children come to school to be in a better environment than their own home.
Many children come to school without breakfast.
Many children communicate or express their feelings through play.
Many children complain of blurred vision before the diagnosis of a brain tumor is made.
Many children complain of stomach pain with no identifiable pain.
Many children confuse fantasy with reality.
Many children confuse pharmaceuticals with flavoured drinks or sweets.
Many children consider time alone with a parent an important reward.
Many children consume lots of milk but few whole grains or cooked greens.
Many children continue to believe that they played some part in the interaction.
Many children cringe when they hear their father begin a sentence that way.
Many children cry because their ears hurt with the changes in pressure.
Many children cycle to school.
Many children decide for themselves to enter the workforce.
Many children demonstrate poor eating habits without being overweight.
Many children develop faster than the checklist indicates.
Many children develop otitis media with effusion after acute otitis media.
Many children develop persistent or recurrent wheezing, i.e., asthma.
Many children develop severe pneumonia, and some suffer encephalitis that leads to brain damage.
Many children develop slowly in the speech and language area.
Many children develop smaller spots of rash at several locations.
Many children develop the ability to decode words as a fairly singular operation.
Many children die as a result, and others survive with amputated limbs.
Many children die at an early age.
Many children die before reaching their fifth birthday, mostly from preventable diseases.
Many children die before the correct diagnosis is made.
Many children die due to polluted water.
Many children die each summer when left in closed vehicles.
Many children die each year from accidents and drowning.
Many children die every year or are severly damaged in some form from vaccines.
Many children die from choking each year.
Many children die from it every year.
Many children die of pneumonia during the rainy season.
Many children die, and many others lose limbs.
Many Children Die.
Many children directly experience violence in their own lives.
Many children disappear everyday.
Many children dislike food or are indifferent to meals because of poor taste abilities.
Many children dislike peppermint, possibly because peppermint can aggravate reflux.
Many children do have difficulty processing tones.
Many children do like to be around their peers.
Many children do live in two-parent families but blended families have become much more common.
Many children do outgrow asthma.
Many children do outgrow their food allergies.
Many children DO suffer from attention deficits.
Many children do things without knowing whether they did right or wrong.
Many children do try hard and still have difficulty.
Many children do what they feel for.
Many children dread the idea of returning to school after a summer of fun and leisure.
Many children dream of becoming athletes, artists or leaders, and never realize their goals.
Many children dream to one day become a firefighter.
Many children drink excessive juice, fruit punch and other beverages.
Many children drop out of competitive sport in their teen years, never to return.
Many children drop out of school, doomed to continued poverty and marginality.
Many children earn certificates or other awards for reading books through special library programs.
Many children end up watching TV or playing with friends all day long.
Many children end up with the street as their only home.
Many children engage in unusual behavior's to get the attention of adults.
Many children enjoy becoming more independent in response to a new baby.
Many children enjoy bringing treats on their birthdays.
Many children enjoy crisp raw vegetables and fruits, smooth soups and puddings.
Many children enjoy finding the place that is the hottest or the coldest.
Many children enjoy fishing in our stocked trout ponds.
Many children enjoy having their own plate and bowl plus smaller utensils.
Many children enjoy having their own special plate and bowl plus smaller utensils.
Many children enjoy reading about real people.
Many children enjoy reading our titles as a companion to their school curriculum.
Many children enjoy the challenge and discover a talent for running.
Many children enjoy the company of peers beginning in infancy.
Many children enjoy TV, and they can learn from it.
Many children enjoy using the point of the crayon to make dots.
Many children enjoy writing and publishing their work using a home computer.
Many children enjoy writing poetry more rather than reading it.
Many children enjoy writing their own books.
Many children enter correctional institutions after several child welfare placements.
Many children enter kindergarten at age five.
Many children enter kindergarten lacking in even the most basic social skills.
Many children enter school with inadequate or incomplete motor skills.
Many children enter school with thousands of hours of experience with books.
Many children enter school with vision problems.
Many children even fall asleep while in a baby jogger.
Many children experience a period of stiffness upon getting up each day.
Many children experience anxiety at the dentist's office.
Many children experience mental health problems that are real and painful and can be severe.
Many children experience minor difficulties in adjusting to the start of the school year.
Many children experience the pain of watching their parents die one after the other.
Many children experience the transfer from one school to another during the span of their education.
Many children experience worse curvature after the rods are removed than before.
Many children face challenges far beyond the usual stresses and strains of growing up.
Many children fail to achieve minimal literacy in public schools.
Many children fail to be identified by teachers because their outward behavior seems so normal.
Many children fail to do their homework, watch TV, and can even become involved with gangs.
Many children fail to grow and have weak muscles.
Many children fear being replaced by a new brother or sister.
Many children feel angry and helpless about their parents' divorce.
Many children feel anxious about change.
Many children feel different because they have asthma.
Many children feel fearful when they're home by themselves.
Many children feel guilty as if they had provoked the assault.
Many children feel guilty as if they provoked the assault.
Many children feel guilty when their parent goes to jail or prison.
Many children feel guilty when their parents divorce.
Many children feel guilty, as if they had provoked the assault.
Many children feel guilty, ashamed and that it was their fault.
Many children feel helplessness, anxiety and guilt.
Many children feel like part of our family through the day care, some more than others.
Many children feel powerless and vulnerable in the period during and following a divorce.
Many children feel pressured to keep up with the latest fashion or want the toys their friends have.
Many children feel responsible.
Many children feel that they are somehow responsible for their parents' divorce.
Many children feel uncomfortable chatting on the phone.
Many children feel virtually invisible unless they are acting-out or failing to do their work.
Many children fight when they are angry.
Many children find it a great place to go and read, draw or play games.
Many children find it easier to draw episodes of their victimization.
Many children find it easier to go away to camp for the first time with a friend.
Many children find it very encouraging to keep a chart of their progress.
Many children find mathematics boring, irrelevant to their lives, and difficult to understand.
Many children find the transition to a middle school or junior high school particularly troublesome.
Many children find themselves in serious trouble by climbing on things.
Many children first attend some form of pre-school or nursery soon after their third birthday.
Many children follow in the career footsteps of their parents.
Many children form weird attractions to doing many things when they are small.
Many children gain acceptance for passive behavior and dependence in personal relationships.
Many children generously share the goodies they have collected with the family dog.
Many children get a headache in the late afternoon when they are hungry.
Many children get a kick out of owning small pieces of familiar companies.
Many children get apprehensive at the doctor's office, for a variety of reasons.
Many children get chickenpox.
Many children get ear infections.
Many children get homesick when they are at camp.
Many children get middle ear fluid during their early years.
Many children get shots from different health care providers.
Many children get sick each year from the food they eat.
Many children get such experiences with brothers and sisters, neighbors, or in day-care settings.
Many children go from non-readers to third grade level by the time they finish the program.
Many children go home alone after school.
Many children go off milk as a drink but happily eat it as cheese, yogurt, custard or on cereal.
Many children go on to have normal hearing and normal language.
Many children go through a phase in which they read one type of book to the exclusion of all others.
Many children go through a real spiritual battle before they are fully delivered and restored.
Many children go through times in their development when nightmares can become a real problem.
Many children go through times when they stutter as they develop their language skills.
Many children go to school without books.
Many children go to their room.
Many children go unsupervised afterschool without opportunities for positive activities.
Many children grieve over the separation from their parents.
Many children grow out of asthma as they get older.
Many children grow out of food allergies.
Many children grow out of it as they get older but it can flare up again when they're adults.
Many children grow up feeling good about who they are.
Many children grow up idolizing some sports stars.
Many children grow up in homes where one or both parents are alcoholics or abuse alcohol.
Many children grow up in homes which put an active damper on the qualities of genius.
Many children grow up in permissive homes, schools, and communities.
Many children grow up spoiled, drop out of school or marry early.
Many children grow up with the notion of castles, kings, princesses, knights and shining armor, etc.
Many children growing up in presumably high risk environments emerge relatively free of problems.
Many children happen to create stuffed animals covered in mud in their backyards all the time.
Many children hate the noise and are frightened of the idea of things being sucked away.
Many children have a best friend and an enemy.
Many children have a bowel movement only once every three or four days.
Many children have a difficult time learning to speak.
Many children have a hard time getting their arms all the way out of the water.
Many children have a hard time when they start child care.
Many children have a heart murmur, especially during febrile illness.
Many children have a large drink just before meals.
Many children have a lovey or transitional object.
Many children have a low-grade fever one to seven days before the cough starts.
Many children have a pet they feel as close to as a best friend.
Many children have a significant number of absences from school.
Many children have absolutely no interest in leaving home and going off to sleepover camp.
Many children have additional conductive losses due to frequent ear infections.
Many children have allergic reactions to cow's milk, including nasal congestion.
Many children have allergies to pet, dust mites, pollen and molds.
Many children have allergies.
Many children have an easier time learning to use computers than adults do.
Many children have an easier time learning when they are actively involved.
Many children have an immediate spurt in expressive language when the fluid resolves.
Many children have asthma, it's a regular part of their day.
Many children have behavioral problems.
Many children have both speech and language problems while others have only speech problems.
Many children have delays that can be helped or corrected if identified at an early age.
Many children have developmental problems that affect the coordination of the body.
Many Children have diets that are too high in fat, low in fiber, and low in fruits and vegetables.
Many children have difficulties with the development of sucking.
Many children have difficulty absorbing or tolerating methylphenidate sustained-release doses.
Many children have difficulty accurately giving or following verbal instructions.
Many children have difficulty deciding how or whether zeros change the value of a number.
Many children have difficulty hearing the difference in the short vowel sounds.
Many children have difficulty learning phonics, especially when it is taught first and in isolation.
Many children have difficulty leaving their parents the first few days.
Many children have difficulty making the connection between paper airplanes and jet airplane flight.
Many children have difficulty taking their medicine.
Many children have difficulty with apology.
Many children have difficulty with moving between grades or between schools.
Many children have doubts, despite the obvious evidence for the man's existence.
Many children have dramatic reactions to such drugs, including sleeplessness and appetite loss.
Many children have either fewer or more than the normal number of teeth .
Many children have febrile seizures and never seize again.
Many children have febrile seizures before the age of five without developing epilepsy.
Many children have few structured learning opportunities.
Many children have fixations with clothes, for example shoes.
Many children have great difficulty with two-dimensional media.
Many children have health coverage through their parent's employment-based insurance.
Many children have improved their writing skills, teachers report, and made a lot of new friends.
Many children have improvement in their heart muscle function over time.
Many children have individual teeth that are abnormally small.
Many children have language impairments.
Many children have lasting emotional needs after their medical conditions have healed.
Many children have learning difficulties at some time in their education.
Many children have learning disabilities and mental disorders.
Many children have limited depth perception due to failures of proper binocular vision.
Many children have limited skills in English but are literate in their native language.
Many children have medical concerns such as allergies, poor eyesight, diabetes, or something else.
Many children have mental health problems that interfere with normal development and functioning.
Many children have mental health problems.
Many children have nightmares, and are too sensitive for upsetting books.
Many children have no Christian background.
Many children have no idea what the proper rules regarding animals are.
Many children have no idea what to do when lightning strikes and they are outside.
Many children have no or very mild symptoms.
Many children have no parents.
Many children have no problem talking to imaginary friends.
Many children have no regular meals at home.
Many children have no shoes.
Many children have nowhere safe and interesting to play outside.
Many children have nowhere to go at night.
Many children have only a speech disorder, such as impaired pronunciation or stuttering.
Many children have only one item of clothing to wear and inadequate shelter.
Many children have orthodontic problems which develop at a young age.
Many children have part time jobs, they have far more money.
Many children have perfectly mundane fears of things like dogs and the dark.
Many children have physical limitations.
Many children have plenty of time to realize their dreams as they grow up.
Many children have problems adjusting when their parents decide to divorce.
Many children have problems in school caused by unhealthy deep sleep.
Many children have problems with math story problems.
Many children have rashes that can appear on the face or anywhere on the body.
Many children have recurrent bouts of headache, nausea and vomiting without focal deficits.
Many children have resilient personalities.
Many children have shirts, jackets and jammies which reflect a college of choice.
Many children have short-term memory problems.
Many children have some delays, malnutrition, or other medical needs as a result.
Many children have some difficulties adjusting to a new school.
Many children have some form of renal disease.
Many children have some pain before cancer is diagnosed.
Many children have strong feelings of guilt and blame when their sibling dies.
Many children have swings in their own gardens or back yards .
Many children have swings in their own gardens or back yards.
Many children have the opportunity to do crafts, too.
Many children have the school breakfast served daily in our cafeteria.
Many children have their footprints taken at birth and recorded by area hospitals.
Many children have their own pads.
Many children have their own words for body parts.
Many children have times when they urinate more frequently because of excitement or worry.
Many children have to attend several different camps to get through the entire summer.
Many children have to deal with poverty, violence and divorce every day.
Many children have to go to endocrinology post-op because of illness or pituitary gland damage.
Many children have to work like slaves in underdeveloped countries' sweatshops.
Many children have toys that go in circles.
Many children have trouble falling asleep and staying asleep .
Many children have trouble interacting.
Many children have trouble sounding words out.
Many children have trouble understanding and being able to describe their feelings on paper.
Many children have two or more grandpas.
Many children have yet to be diagnosed.
Many children help at home.
Many children here suffer from malaria, cholera, and typhoid.
Many children hope to eventually visit Australia.
Many children jump right in and begin to work a puzzle, build a farm, or read a book.
Many children know their full names, addresses, telephone numbers, and ages by six years of age.
Many children lack adequate exposure to female role models in diverse leadership positions.
Many children lack basic supplies like notebooks, pencils, erasers, etc. for school.
Many children lack motivation because they are discouraged.
Many children lack nurturing, stable family support.
Many children learn at after school enrichment classes.
Many children learn by touching and doing.
Many children learn self-control by watching other children and adults.
Many children learn to catheterize themselves at a very early age.
Many children learn to do beadwork when they are young.
Many children learn to eventually love the water despite their negative lesson experience.
Many children learn to read through everyday activities.
Many children learn to recognize and discriminate between letters by using name cards.
Many children learn to ride well before they become teenagers.
Many children leave after a year to return to their own families.
Many children leave empty houses in the morning and come home to empty houses in the afternoon.
Many children leave school because they are needed for domestic work.
Many children leave school before numeracy or basic literacy is achieved.
Many children lie so they can find out who they are and do what they want to do.
Many children lie.
Many children like to get their hands into modeling dough.
Many children like to make smiley faces or patterns.
Many children like to wave at the bus as it passes by.
Many children like to weave beads into their designs.
Many children live alone without the adults to provide for their education.
Many children live and go to school in our neighborhood at both private and public schools nearby.
Many children live in homes with firearms that are stored in an accessible manner.
Many children live in houses that lack toys, books and other opportunities to learn and flourish.
Many children live in more than one family type during their childhood.
Many children live in older housing with lead paint.
Many children live in poverty.
Many children live in the camp.
Many children live on islands and some live on mainland where there are no roads.
Many children live together with their families until they have been married.
Many children look into their parents faces and know that it is useless to even try further.
Many children look into their parents' faces and know that it is useless to even try further.
Many children lose sleep because, like adults, they are overscheduled.
Many children lose time to school because of allergies.
Many children lose weight simply by giving up sugary beverages.
Many children love catching their own fish, but most families buy their fish from a shop.
Many children love horses, and many dream of one day having horses of their own.
Many children love their pets with all their hearts.
Many children love to illustrate imagined stories.
Many children love to keep diaries or journals.
Many children love to play in water.
Many children love to play in window sills with their toy cars and action figures.
Many children love to play sports and look to professional athletes as role models.
Many children make a full recovery on steroid treatment alone.
Many children make a living working on the pier and in the surrounding neighborhood.
Many children make futile attempts to resist.
Many children manage to combine school and work.
Many children miss important lessons about caring for their health, safety and the environment.
Many children move from state to state, and from one custodian to another.
Many children moving into foster care come with their belongings in garbage bags.
Many children never ask questions.
Many children never get enough time and practice to consolidate their learning.
Many children never have the love of two parents.
Many children never have the opportunity to experience world-class, interactive learning.
Many children never recover their self-confidence after being retained.
Many children never whoop.
Many children now expect gifts on both days.
Many children now have a prior group experience in nursery school, prekindergarten, or day care.
Many children now spend more time in front of a screen than in school.
Many children now spend more time in front of a screen than in the classroom.
Many children now suffer from various psychological and social problems.
Many children only receive messages about what they do wrong rather than how special they are.
Many children outgrow asthma, or the severity lessens as they get older.
Many children outgrow asthma, or their case gets milder as they get older.
Many children outgrow it with understanding and acceptance from their parents.
Many children outgrow the tendency to develop febrile seizures.
Many children participate and are interested in the story.
Many children participate in after school programs offered at the school.
Many children participate in two or three of the after-school programs, attending five days a week.
Many children pass through stages of developmental nonfluency.
Many children perish in such battles.
Many children play ball.
Many children play with food.
Many children play with matches and lighters and set fires out of curiosity.
Many children prefer fast food meals that fall short in food groups such as fruits and vegetables.
Many children prefer raw, rather than cooked, vegetables.
Many children prefer to fill up on sweets when given the chance.
Many children prefer to stick to familiar foods like pizza or pasta day after day.
Many children prefer vegetables raw, which is the way they have the most nutrient value.
Many children probably consider it their favorite Illinois symbol.
Many children produce work about violent themes that is harmless.
Many children prostitute themselves to survive.
Many children put paint chips in their mouths.
Many children qualify for an adoption subsidy.
Many children quickly adjust to wearing the helmet.
Many children quit playing sports because of the problems their parents cause at games.
Many children raised in violent homes grow up to be abusers or victims.
Many children reap the benefits of child sponsorship long after the physical sponsorship has ended.
Many children rebound with a temperature the next day.
Many children recall much closer contacts with their nannies than their mothers.
Many children receive excellent treatment from teams of dedicated professionals.
Many children receive far less.
Many children receive outpatient assessment and services.
Many children receive serious injuries as a result of vicious dog attacks.
Many children receive their shots at a combination of private and public immunization venues.
Many children receive treatment at school.
Many children record personal messages to their parents, family, and friends.
Many children recover completely and lead normal, active lives.
Many children recover completely.
Many children recover without any side effects from contracting chickenpox.
Many children refer to epilepsy as a monster.
Many children refuse new foods the first time they are offered.
Many children regard the domain of the school as one where little of value is done or learned.
Many children regularly visit Internet sites without their parents' knowledge.
Many children relax when they know they have permission to take their time getting involved.
Many children remain unrepresented by counsel.
Many children remain, on average, four to six years without permanent homes.
Many children remember the wonderful day when they got their first set of glasses.
Many children remember their past lives-spontaneously, without hypnosis or prompting.
Many children remember their timeless nature.
Many children report pain when eating, and weight loss is common.
Many children require a special kind of surgery by an ear, nose and throat doctor.
Many children require higher doses to assure immobility throughout the procedure.
Many children require intensive attention, patience and special training.
Many children require professional counseling to help control their fire-lighting tendencies.
Many children require regular medical attention or counseling.
Many children require special handling because they have special needs.
Many children require teeth extraction.
Many children respond favorably to written notes.
Many children respond to a soothing touch, but others just get more upset.
Many children respond to stress, but turning off their feelings and walling up their emotions.
Many children respond to such stress by turning off their feelings and walling up their emotions.
Many children respond to treatment quickly and without much problem.
Many children return for upper level classes or even repeat classes because they have so much fun.
Many children return to the park day after day during the summer.
Many children return year after year and enjoy seeing returning counselors and old camp friends.
Many children sail in the same distinctive North Haven dinghies their grandparents sailed.
Many children say they love their parents, but follow a direction contrary to their wishes.
Many children see bright red or bright yellow objects most easily.
Many children see just one word at a time with each eye fixation.
Many children see their father hit their mother as they are growing up.
Many children seem to have no trouble at all learning to read.
Many children seem to outgrow all symptoms early in their teens.
Many children seem to see letters or words backwards.
Many children send pictures to presidents.
Many children send their largest, fanciest cards to their parents and teachers.
Many children share their problems and concerns.
Many children shed rotavirus and never become ill.
Many children show great improvement when milk, casein and wheat are removed from their diet.
Many children show no symptoms of poisoning.
Many children show signs of greater maturity when a new sibling arrives.
Many children show symptoms at a much younger age.
Many children show up without candy bags and parents appreciate something to haul all the candy in.
Many children simply outran their parents when the torrents came down the mountainsides.
Many children sit in overcrowded classrooms.
Many children sleep better when there is a bedtime ritual or routine.
Many children sleep during the entire cath procedure.
Many children sleep during the entire cath.
Many children sleep with a night light well into the school-age years.
Many children sleepwalk.
Many children spend increasing hours in front of the TV or computer instead of playing outdoors.
Many children spend inordinate amounts of time alone in repetitive and unimaginative activities.
Many children spend more time in front of a television or video game than they do playing.
Many children spend more time in front of the television screen than they do in the classroom.
Many children spend more time in front of the television than in the classroom.
Many children spend several hours a day watching television.
Many children spend several hours every day watching television.
Many children spend their formative years in settings that are unsafe or only custodial.
Many children spend years in the foster care system.
Many children spends hours watching television.
Many children start learning music and easily give up.
Many children start out in life on an uneven footing.
Many children still get cavities.
Many children still suffer from the psychological wounds of war.
Many children stop breasfeeding during the last trimester.
Many children struggle with cancer and beat it.
Many children struggle with feeling isolated, different.
Many children struggle with just being able to read, much less the ability to do it out loud.
Many children struggle with reading.
Many children study better when listening to music of the right kind.
Many children study in such schools.
Many children subscribe to all of the sessions.
Many children suffer abuse from a drunken parent.
Many children suffer allergic reactions after eating certain foods.
Many children suffer from a sudden attack.
Many children suffer from allergies throughout the year.
Many children suffer from birth defects.
Many children suffer from diarrhea, vomiting, skin rashes and relentless colds and flu.
Many children suffer from diarrhoea, dermatosis and malaria.
Many children suffer from earaches.
Many children suffer from lack of even minimal health care and the lack of education.
Many children suffer from loneliness, which leads to isolation, inferiority, and regression.
Many children suffer from malnutrition and hunger.
Many children suffer from more than one type of maltreatment.
Many children suffer from multiple types of malnutrition, so numbers tend to overlap.
Many children suffer from physical symptoms for which no medical cause can be found.
Many children suffer from skinned toes, bruised and cut feet and splinters in their feet.
Many children suffer from the belief that they have caused their parents' divorce.
Many children suffer from the effects of poverty.
Many children suffer from the epilepsies.
Many children suffer leg pains on exercise or leg cramps at night when resting.
Many children suffer more than one type of maltreatment.
Many children suffer permanent scars from being burned with scalding water.
Many children suffer preventable non-fatal injuries which result in disabling conditions.
Many children suffer recurrent infections of the middle ear.
Many children suffer wasting or stunting.
Many children survive abuse, poverty, poor nutrition, or a learning disability.
Many children survive family disruption and worse.
Many children sustain eye injuries during sports activities.
Many children sustain sports-related injuries.
Many children swim with tubes without infection.
Many children take easily to computers and accept the technology as a matter of course.
Many children take part in some sex play, typically with siblings or friends.
Many children take their medicines incorrectly even when the disease is serious.
Many children take to city streets to beg in an effort to help.
Many children talk back to their parents for attention.
Many children talk late for a wide variety of reasons.
Many children tend to see learning as a chore.
Many children there live in very poor economic conditions.
Many children think that other things are necessary for salvation, such as baptism, good works, etc.
Many children throw away the card without retrieving the instructions.
Many children together can draw pictures.
Many children tolerate the whole-cell vaccine just fine, and it is less expensive than the new one.
Many children travel to school by bus.
Many children travel to the city to attend school and they travel unaccompanied.
Many children understand well long before they can talk.
Many children use a computer at home and at school.
Many children use a specific spot along the wall to say their good-byes to mommy and daddy.
Many children use furniture outside the pool area to get in.
Many children use the Internet daily to play games, complete homework and write e-mail messages.
Many children visit India regularly and stay for long periods of time.
Many children visit their parents at work.
Many children wait and wait and wait to be adopted.
Many children wait for good homes.
Many children walk to and from school.
Many children walk to school.
Many children walk up to five or six miles a day to school.
Many children wander the streets looking for scraps of food.
Many children warm up to adults slowly as they discover that adults are pleasant and trustworthy.
Many children watch between two and four hours of television per day.
Many children watch three to five hours a day, and that is too much.
Many children watch TV while parents work.
Many children watch violent TV programs and movies without becoming violent.
Many children wear leg braces or splints.
Many children wear their jackets during the winter with a sweatshirt underneath.
Many children wheeze soon after they get coughs and colds.
Many children witness the murder of relatives, brothers, sisters, and parents.
Many children work and are on their own much of the day.
Many children work during the evenings or nights as well.
Many children work for the same companies as their grandparents.
Many children work in stone mills.
Many children work long hours every day of the week.
Many children work long hours for low pay.
Many children work to cover the costs of school expenses.
Many children work without pay.
Many children worry about forgetting.
Many children worry about the coming of a new brother or sister.
Many children wound up with families on Long Island.
More children are in placements closer to home.
More children are in school now than ever before.
More children are in school today than at any other time in human history.
More children are more overweight than ever before in history.
More children are obese than ever before.
More children are on the streets.
More children are unprotected, increasing the risk to themselves and to other children.
More children attend school than ever before, and they remain in school longer.
More children can be a part of the fun.
More children can be more useful in battle with less training than ever before.
More children can get related services.
More children continue to lose their lives to the hazardous floodwaters with every passing day.
More children develop epilepsy than adults do.
More children die annually from unintentional injury than from all childhood diseases combined.
More children die as a result of swimming pool accidents than gun accidents.
More children die each year from drowning than from firearms.
More children die each year in accidents involving bikes, space heaters or drownings.
More children die every day in Mozambique than in all the countries of the former Soviet Union.
More children die from abuse and neglect in the home than from gunfire in the streets.
More children die from accidental drownings or burns than from gun accidents.
More children die from automobile trauma than from any disease in the United States.
More children die from bicycle accidents each year than from firearms accidents.
More children die from drowning than from guns.
More children die from drugs than guns.
More children die from injuries than any other cause.
More children die from playing with cigarette lighters than from playing with loaded guns.
More children die from preventable injury than from all childhood diseases combined.
More children die from violence than any ever did from whooping cough or measles.
More children die from violence than from disease.
More children die here than any place else.
More children die in bicycle accidents each year than die from all types of firearms accidents.
More children die in car crashes than from any disease.
More children die in home accidents than from all childhood diseases combined.
More children die in motor vehicle crashes than from all childhood diseases combined.
More children die in traffic accidents on their way to the park than in parks themselves.
More children die of accidental poisonings each year than of accidents with guns.
More children die or are injured in motor vehicle-related incidents than from any other injury.
More children die, and another push is mounted.
More children drown here in Arizona then in any other state.
More children drown in backyard swimming pools than at beaches or public pools.
More children drown in toilets, tubs, or a bucket with just a few inches of water.
More children drown on their own property than die of gun accidents.
More children end up on the street.
More children equal a larger voter base.
More children file in as the day wanes and the storyteller has their full attention.
More children graduate from high school here, and more young people go on to college.
More children grow up in poverty.
More children have asthma.
More children have behavioral problems.
More children have only one parent.
More children live in nursing homes in Texas than in any other state.
More children live with a single mother than they do in traditional two-parent households.
More children live with stepfathers than stepmothers.
More children mean more benefits.
More children mean that the family has to feed more doctors' bills.
More children now die of cancer than from any other disease for the first time in our history.
More children now live in households where all the adults work outside the home.
More children now play in neighborhood parks and recreational areas.
More children now question authority and shun traditional values and responsibilities.
More children play it than play hockey.
More children suffer from asthma than any other chronic disease.
More children suffer neglect than any other form of maltreatment .
More children suffer neglect than any other form of maltreatment.
More children survive to adulthood, and population skyrockets.
More children take jobs in distant places.
More children work in agriculture than any other economic sector.
Most children usually fall somewhere in between.
Most children usually have a self-limited, localized infectious disease process.
Most children usually stop having multiple ear infections by the time they are about four years old.
Most child play home fires begin in a bedroom or living room where children are left unattended.
Most children accept principles.
Most children access practice tests.
Most children achieve full potential.
Most children achieve many more milestones.
Most children achieve milestones.
Most children achieve potential.
Most children acquire immunity.
Most children acquire infection.
Most children acquire passive immunity.
Most children acquire tract infection.
Most children acquire urinary infection.
Most children actually prefer less salty food.
Most children adapt successfully to progressive addition lenses.
Most children adapt to situations.
Most children adapt to social situations.
Most children adjust readily to new classroom situations.
Most children adjust to the transition very well.
Most children admit that they got their first fag from one of their close friends.
Most children adopt behavior.
Most children adopt diets.
Most children adopt games.
Most children adopt risky behavior.
Most children already have lots of stuff that can make up a collection.
Most children already have some money, whether from gifts, allowances or small jobs.
Most children also act impulsively at times.
Most children also enjoy playing simple games based on a favorite poem, story or book.
Most children also feel calmer and more comfortable when they get home.
Most children also love riddles.
Most children appear to adjust readily to new classroom situations.
Most children appear to have quite a strong streak of competitiveness.
Most children apply knowledge.
Most children apply skills.
Most children are able to attend the school in their community.
Most children are able to handle their own explanations about their haemophilia.
Most children are able to reach the lower keys without a problem.
Most children are able to resolve their difficulties in acceptable ways.
Most children are able to speak fluently by five to six years of age.
Most children are able to start a line but have trouble finishing it.
Most children are able to use a peak flow meter once they are five to six years old.
Most children are active at home, at school and in public facilities.
Most children are affected by disasters.
Most children are afraid of the dark and being alone in their room at night.
Most children are afraid of the dark.
Most children are anxious for an opportunity to speak.
Most children are anxious to have friends but sometimes getting started is the hardest part.
Most children are appropriate for custody at the time of custody.
Most children are at very little, or no risk, of developing peanut allergy.
Most children are between twelve and fifteen years old .
Most children are between twelve and fifteen years old.
Most children are bombarded with persuasive and attractive advertising from a very young age.
Most children are confused about what is happening or about why mom or dad has left.
Most children are cooperative during dental treatment, despite occasional moments of anxiety.
Most children are curious about matches and fire.
Most children are diagnosed with allergies.
Most children are diagnosed with food allergies.
Most children are diagnosed with shellfish allergies.
Most children are distractible, impulsive, and restless some of the time.
Most children are dry in two to three months, with only a few coaching calls.
Most children are eager to learn about reading before school.
Most children are eager to participate when conversations are natural, social events.
Most children are evolved from monkeys.
Most children are familiar with pets and some farm animals.
Most children are fantastic learners.
Most children are free spirits and full of unconditional love.
Most children are fussy for the first few hours after surgery.
Most children are good and come to school wanting to learn.
Most children are good at heart, but at times seem like little mischievous devils.
Most children are grown, so class members have time for caring and regularly planned socials.
Most children are healthy and consume relatively few health care resources.
Most children are hungry when they get home from school.
Most children are in a single-parent home and have little, if any, contact with the absent parent.
Most children are in danger from people that they know, rather than a stranger.
Most children are in family care homes, but hours are long and returns are low.
Most children are in homerooms and teams made up of two or three grades.
Most children are in perpetual motion.
Most children are in school the same number of days, no matter when they start.
Most children are in the least restrictive, most appropriate placement to meet their needs.
Most children are interested in or collect certain things.
Most children are Jewish and the entire home eats kosher.
Most children are lead-poisoned in older housing in disrepair.
Most children are less active when they are sick with an infectious illness.
Most children are like dandelions.
Most children are more cooperative and enjoy working with a cheerful adult who makes the work fun.
Most children are more cyber-savvy than their parents are.
Most children are more cyber-savvy than their parents.
Most children are more enthusiastic about writing with a word processor.
Most children are more technologically advanced than adults can comprehend.
Most children are most vulnerable to drugs during times of transition and developmental change.
Most children are much happier when they know what to expect.
Most children are natural performers and the wall between audience and performer is bridged.
Most children are naturally egocentric and feel that all family problems are somehow their fault.
Most children are neither ready nor interested in organized sports, until at least the age of six.
Most children are nervous about starting a new school.
Most children are nice little individuals until they begin school.
Most children are normally a bit farsighted, and no correction is needed.
Most children are normally active.
Most children are now back in school.
Most children are only able to complete eighth or ninth grades.
Most children are overjoyed to be rid of the soiling.
Most children are produced by women.
Most children are ready for an allowance when they are between five and seven.
Most children are ready for the responsibility of an allowance by the time they are six to eight.
Most children are ready to begin private piano lessons by the second grade.
Most children are ready, comfortable and excited to move to the next class.
Most children are remarkably resilient.
Most children are resilient and can withstand a school or grade change.
Most children are resilient.
Most children are short because they have short parents.
Most children are sick about a week and then get well.
Most children are somewhere in between.
Most children are taught police officers are their friends.
Most children are thrilled to have art in the schools.
Most children are toilet trained while they are toddlers.
Most children are traditionalists, especially when it comes to food.
Most children are unable to foresee danger.
Most children are unaware when the tubes fall out.
Most children are under five years old.
Most children are very curious when they see an animal and they want to go closer to it.
Most children are very eager to learn about the world and themselves with inquisitive minds.
Most children are very enthusiastic about learning to speak.
Most children are very literal in their thinking.
Most children are very open.
Most children are very perceptive.
Most children are well, the report says.
Most children are with their mothers.
Most children are.
Most children arrive at homes.
Most children ask classmates.
Most children ask grannies.
Most children associate summer with outdoor entertainment like swimming, camping and soccer.
Most children assume that they see the same as everyone else.
Most children attempt to imitate the actions that they see others do.
Most children attend a government funded school.
Most children attend Montgomery County public schools.
Most children attend nursery school and kindergarten.
Most children attend nursery school or kindergarten before entering elementary school.
Most children attend private schools, residents say.
Most children attend public schools, which are as cool as private schools, but are free.
Most children attend schools.
Most children bear of slave women.
Most children bear of women.
Most children become adults.
Most children become calmer and less distractible during the therapy sessions.
Most children become eaters.
Most children become fussy eaters.
Most children become hyperactive when they overdose on sugar.
Most children become normal adults.
Most children become normal size adults.
Most children become obese adults.
Most children become proficient readers.
Most children become readers.
Most children become sero-positive before entering school.
Most children become socially active around age six.
Most children become teenagers.
Most children become upset at the thought of losing their hair.
Most children become young adults.
Most children begin by building simple foundations and end with complex structures.
Most children begin development.
Most children begin food.
Most children begin growth phases.
Most children begin kindergarten and complete one grade per year.
Most children begin life with healthy teeth.
Most children begin life with moderate in-toeing.
Most children begin phases.
Most children begin playing games at a very young age.
Most children begin puberty.
Most children begin putting words together around their second birthday.
Most children begin reading and writing by the first, second, or third grade.
Most children begin school able to use their oral language effectively for many purposes.
Most children begin school eager to find out about the world.
Most children begin schools.
Most children begin to stay dry at night around three years of age.
Most children begin when they are about that age but the range varies.
Most children belong to biological mothers.
Most children belong to families.
Most children belong to large families.
Most children belong to mothers.
Most children benefit from adults.
Most children benefit from early learn experience.
Most children benefit from experience.
Most children benefit from learn experience.
Most children benefit from parental help in studying for tests.
Most children bite and hit when they are feeling angry.
Most children blame parents.
Most children born abroad to a U.S. citizen parent or parents acquire U.S. citizenship at birth.
Most children born deaf also have a disturbance of visual perception.
Most children born to teen parents lack social skills and have a harder time in school.
Most children born with clefts do well in developed countries.
Most children bring sandwiches, fruit and drink from home for their lunch.
Most children bring to school a wealth of intuitive information about how the world works.
Most children buy animals.
Most children can be properly medication with time release medications.
Most Children Can Be Successfully Treated for Bedwetting is a news article.
Most children can begin at age four.
Most children can continue with normal activities.
Most children can continue with their normal course.
Most children can control their bowels before their bladders.
Most children can drink from a cup by fifteen months of age.
Most children can easily differentiate between the two.
Most children can either swallow or chew the tablet with ease.
Most children can get up to four, so four commands is a good starting point.
Most children can go swimming wearing either regular or custom-made swimsuits.
Most children can go to an elementary school and some have a middle school.
Most children can handle chickenpox with simple treatment to reduce itching and fever.
Most children can have chances.
Most children can have good habits.
Most children can have good personal habits.
Most children can have good personal hygiene habits.
Most children can have habits.
Most children can have life.
Most children can have normal life.
Most children can have personal habits.
Most children can learn ABCs and how to count pretty fast once they get to school.
Most children can learn to play a musical instrument.
Most children can learn to play a recorder and pick out tunes on a piano at around six.
Most children can learn to read at the second-grade level, by age six.
Most children can learn to read when they are four years old if properly instructed and motivated.
Most children can potentially benefit from homeopathic treatment.
Most children can recognize and name the colors red, green and blue by the age of four.
Most children can relate to the desire to trick people.
Most children can ride a tricycle using the pedals after three years of age.
Most children can speak and pass verbal intelligence test as well as non visual impaired children.
Most children can start somewhere between eighteen months and two years.
Most children can survive without medicine, none without food.
Most children can t separate their emotions to say, it is only a pet .
Most children can take and digest milk.
Most children can tell the difference.
Most children can transition out of it after a year.
Most children can understand without explanation.
Most children care for siblings.
Most children change minds.
Most children choose alternatives.
Most children choose behavior.
Most children choose healthful alternatives.
Most children collect things as they grow up.
Most children come from economically and educationally poor backgrounds.
Most children come from hill tribe villages and poor or broken families.
Most children come from relatively wealthy families.
Most children come from single-parent households.
Most children come in contact.
Most children come into foster care because of neglect, abandonment, or abuse.
Most children come into our homes with very little to nothing.
Most children come into the adoption program through the unwed mothers program.
Most children come on their own.
Most children come to houses.
Most children come to offices.
Most children come to our school from a different country and speak another language at home.
Most children come to rely on one approach more than the other.
Most children come to school able to count by rote to a certain number.
Most children come to school from the outlying farms by bus.
Most children come to transplant having had previous hospitalizations and treatment.
Most children compare different shapes.
Most children compare shapes.
Most children complete activities.
Most children consume calories.
Most children consume fish.
Most children consume lake michigan fish.
Most children consume more calories.
Most children consume proteins.
Most children consume soda.
Most children consume water.
Most children continue education.
Most children continue in normal activities and with education, can pursue any goal.
Most children contribute to expansion.
Most children create primitive, stick-like drawings.
Most children cry for a moment, but stop as soon as they are in their mother's arms.
Most children deal with death.
Most children delight in using and watching puppets.
Most children demand care.
Most children demand parental care.
Most children demonstrate knowledge.
Most children describe observations.
Most children describe shapes.
Most children describe their obsessions as being very much like worries or fears.
Most children destroy properties.
Most children develop a clear-cut sense of whether they are boys or girls at a young age.
Most children develop a rash that starts as red spots which become clear blisters.
Most children develop ability.
Most children develop allergies.
Most children develop bonds.
Most children develop certain skills as they move through the early stages of learning language.
Most children develop conditions.
Most children develop eat habits.
Most children develop fever headaches.
Most children develop fine motor skills.
Most children develop habits.
Most children develop headaches.
Most children develop healthy eat habits.
Most children develop healthy habits.
Most children develop life.
Most children develop motor skills.
Most children develop nevi by their first birthday.
Most children develop only cold-like symptoms, but others progress to serious breathing problems.
Most children develop only five to ten molluscum, but some acquire more.
Most children develop peanut allergies.
Most children develop pneumonia several times in their lives.
Most children develop self-esteem through their academic achievements and social relationships.
Most children develop skills.
Most children develop taste.
Most children develop the ability to use the toilet between the second and fourth birthdays.
Most children develop types.
Most children diagnose with attachment disorder.
Most children diagnose with disorder.
Most children die at birth.
Most children die of treatable diseases from contaminated water.
Most children discuss differences.
Most children discuss methods.
Most children display behavior.
Most children do best when they know what to expect.
Most children do best with small amounts of honest concrete information.
Most children do better with a fixed schedule so that they can plan ahead.
Most children do better with consistency.
Most children do experiments.
Most children do fall and bump their little head.
Most children do learn to read, write, and do math.
Most children do react positively to the above measures.
Most children do suffer teething pains to some extent.
Most children don t care if they win or lose.
Most children dont know any thing about what they want to crunch.
Most children draw and paint their subjects as outlines in their most basic forms.
Most children draw pictures.
Most children dream about away to join the circus.
Most children dream of becoming some kind of performer at one time or another.
Most children dream of becoming someone big - a movie star, an astronaut, a ballerina.
Most children dream of owning their own pony, or at least, to ride one.
Most children drink beverages.
Most children drink cups.
Most children drink enough milk.
Most children drink fruit juices by the time they reach the age of one year.
Most children drink juice.
Most children drink milk.
Most children drink orange juice.
Most children drink plenty.
Most children drink soda.
Most children drink sugary beverages.
Most children drink water.
Most children drop out after elementary school.
Most children drop out within the first two grades.
Most children drown in swimming pools.
Most children eat animals.
Most children eat beans.
Most children eat breakfasts.
Most children eat food.
Most children eat fruit.
Most children eat lunch.
Most children eat meals.
Most children eat meat.
Most children eat mexican food.
Most children eat much sugar.
Most children eat school lunch.
Most children eat sugar.
Most children eat vegetables.
Most children eat whole meals.
Most children eat with their eyes as well as their mouths.
Most children eating soap have similar stomach upset.
Most children embrace the challenge of growing up, but often experience anxiety.
Most children emerge from environments.
Most children encounter concepts.
Most children end up adults.
Most children end up taking ritalin or other prescription drugs.
Most children engage in behavior.
Most children engage in conflict.
Most children engage in recreation.
Most children enjoy adventure games.
Most children enjoy being asked to express their opinion and being listened to by adults.
Most children enjoy blowing bubbles.
Most children enjoy calm surroundings.
Most children enjoy counting when they first realize their ability to do so.
Most children enjoy creations.
Most children enjoy demonstrating movements and talking about their actions and positions.
Most children enjoy dogs.
Most children enjoy food.
Most children enjoy good health.
Most children enjoy grandparents.
Most children enjoy listening to many types of stories.
Most children enjoy mingling with other people.
Most children enjoy music class and look forward to participating.
Most children enjoy own creations.
Most children enjoy seeing things that they are learning about.
Most children enjoy the experience.
Most children enjoy using materials such as cubes to continue many repeats of a pattern.
Most children enjoy variety.
Most children enjoy working with computers.
Most children enroll in school at the age of six and continue in school for the next eight years.
Most children enter care after parental abuse.
Most children enter elementary schools.
Most children enter foster care after being abused by their parents.
Most children enter foster care after being abused or neglected by their parents.
Most children enter foster care after being maltreated by their parents.
Most children enter foster care because they are victims of serious abuse and neglect.
Most children enter foster care in Oregon after being maltreated by their parents.
Most children enter kindergarten at the age of five and are developing basic literacy skills.
Most children enter primary schools.
Most children enter puberty.
Most children enter schools.
Most children enter stages.
Most children enter the centers sickly and malnourished.
Most children enter the classroom environment more readily when arriving during periods of activity.
Most children establish identities.
Most children eventually adjust to divorce in the family.
Most children eventually outgrow a milk allergy.
Most children eventually outgrow bedwetting, but it can take some time.
Most children eventually outgrow flexible flatfoot without any problems.
Most children eventually outgrow food allergies, after several years.
Most children eventually outgrow sleepwalking.
Most children eventually outgrow their food allergies.
Most children eventually return home to their birth parents.
Most children eventually stop bedwetting without treatment.
Most children exhibit ability.
Most children exhibit behavior.
Most children exhibit secondary symptoms.
Most children exhibit symptoms.
Most children experience a middle-ear infection at least once in their childhood.
Most children experience adverse events.
Most children experience at least one episode by the time they are seven years old.
Most children experience breathe problems.
Most children experience diarrhea.
Most children experience difficulty.
Most children experience disasters.
Most children experience disturb thoughts.
Most children experience events.
Most children experience fears at some time during their lives.
Most children experience gastrointestinal difficulty.
Most children experience growth.
Most children experience health consequences.
Most children experience immediate consequences.
Most children experience immediate health consequences.
Most children experience little discomfort while teething.
Most children experience most distress.
Most children experience negative effects.
Most children experience nothing worse than several hours of grogginess or fussiness.
Most children experience numerous self-limited illness of mild severity.
Most children experience only a small amount of redness around the sting site.
Most children experience pain.
Most children experience pressure.
Most children experience problems.
Most children experience severe diarrhea.
Most children experience severe difficulty.
Most children experience side effects.
Most children experience some fears while growing up.
Most children experience thoughts.
Most children experience tremendous growth.
Most children explore habitats.
Most children explore interest.
Most children explore ways.
Most children expose to extreme heat.
Most children expose to heat.
Most children express a natural affinity with animals.
Most children express concern.
Most children express feelings.
Most children express life.
Most children express own feelings.
Most children face burdens.
Most children face danger.
Most children face diarrhea.
Most children face obesity problems.
Most children face problems.
Most children face severe diarrhea.
Most children fall asleep fast, sleep soundly, and are fully alert throughout their waking hours.
Most children feed cats.
Most children feed goats.
Most children feel afraid and isolated after exposure to violent death.
Most children feel behavior.
Most children feel bonds.
Most children feel comfortable being around other people, too.
Most children feel confident and well-prepared when test week rolls around.
Most children feel depressed or blue from time to time.
Most children feel no anger or self-pity.
Most children feel skin.
Most children feel strong bonds.
Most children feel they have enough time with their parents.
Most children feel when they are hit by their parents, that their parents are their worst enemies.
Most children find acceptance.
Most children find comfort.
Most children find daycare fun and exciting.
Most children find emotion.
Most children find entertainment.
Most children find flowers.
Most children find history dull and boring, always memorizing important names and dates.
Most children find homes.
Most children find it difficult to save money.
Most children find it easier to sit upright or lean forward slightly.
Most children find it ideal for doing homework and writing projects.
Most children find love and security in their mother's eyes.
Most children find peaceful places.
Most children find perceptions.
Most children find places.
Most children find sources.
Most children find the evaluation fun and interesting.
Most children find the game-play experience enjoyable.
Most children find they fit into the broader range of ages in a multiage kindergarten.
Most children first get cigarettes and alcohol from family members.
Most children first learn by movement and touch.
Most children first learn to bite by biting their parents in a playful manner.
Most children follow diets.
Most children follow examples.
Most children follow free diets.
Most children follow meat diets.
Most children follow rules.
Most children follow the same pattern of development.
Most children follow the same pattern of growth.
Most children follow the same sequence of acquisition of motor skills.
Most children form bonds.
Most children form endure bonds.
Most children gain knowledge.
Most children gain weight.
Most children get a screening visual acuity test when they start school.
Most children get about six to ten colds per year.
Most children get antibodies.
Most children get attention.
Most children get better in a few days, but some develop difficulty breathing.
Most children get better without any medical treatment and their hearing improves.
Most children get diets.
Most children get dirty, and it is normal for young children to put their hands in their mouths.
Most children get ear infections.
Most children get experience.
Most children get food.
Most children get fright.
Most children get fungal infection.
Most children get growth plate injuries.
Most children get hives once.
Most children get infection.
Most children get injuries.
Most children get little attention.
Most children get little positive attention.
Most children get lunch.
Most children get over chickenpox without any complications.
Most children get over it quickly.
Most children get plenty of vitamins naturally in their diet.
Most children get positive attention.
Most children get such a viral infection a couple of times a year as part of a cold.
Most children get sugar.
Most children get symptoms.
Most children get teeth.
Most children get the majority of their iron from meats, although there are vegan sources of iron.
Most children get the message.
Most children get their first look at the world from the seat of a shopping cart.
Most children get through as best as they can.
Most children get tract infection.
Most children get treatments.
Most children get urinary infection.
Most children get urinary tract infection.
Most children get valuable experience.
Most children get worse when they get a cold or other infection.
Most children give a verbal response for the missing part.
Most children give less than the truth at one time or another.
Most children give up thumbsucking before the age of five.
Most children go about their normal play as though nothing is wrong.
Most children go directly to the drawing portion of the program to start creating.
Most children go for three months and they're gone.
Most children go from the outpatient area directly to surgery.
Most children go home the same day.
Most children go through a period of stuttering as they learn to talk - usually in the third year.
Most children go through a phase of experimenting on animals and soon grow out of it.
Most children go through a picky eater stage.
Most children go through a stage where they like to see fire.
Most children go through development.
Most children go through life.
Most children go through periods of varying fluency.
Most children go through stages.
Most children go through the same steps when they learn to play.
Most children go through three stages in developing bladder control.
Most children go through times when they feel very frightened about things.
Most children go through times when they'll eat only specific, limited menu items.
Most children go to bathrooms.
Most children go to beds.
Most children go to family child-care.
Most children go to their doctor regularly.
Most children greet mothers.
Most children grow into adults.
Most children grow into puberty.
Most children grow out of asthma by the time they reach adulthood.
Most children grow out of asthma.
Most children grow out of it and adopt the language used by their family.
Most children grow out of it.
Most children grow out of repeating sounds and hesitating between words.
Most children grow out of such stages naturally, on their own.
Most children grow out of their food allergies.
Most children grow to adulthood.
Most children grow up bilingual from infancy and learn more languages as they grow up.
Most children grow up in families.
Most children grow up in homes.
Most children grow up to be part of the same class as their parents.
Most children grow up to live a full and semi-independent life.
Most children grow up trying to please their father.
Most children grow up with a gender identity that is the same as their sex.
Most children grow up with some pets in their lives.
Most children growing up are given a PCB test at one time or another.
Most children handle the demands of school fairly well, but some experience more stress than others.
Most children have a bowel movement once a day, usually within an hour after eating.
Most children have a cold or a runny nose, cough or sore throat as well.
Most children have a favorite storybook they want to hear read over and over.
Most children have a full set of primary teeth by the time they are around two or three years old.
Most children have a full set of twenty primary teeth by the time they re three years old.
Most children have a go at skating and the vast majority come to little harm.
Most children have a good sense of balance.
Most children have a keen sense of internal logic in even the most far-fetched story.
Most children have a mild reaction to immunization, but a few have become seriously ill.
Most children have a natural fascination with insects.
Most children have a pattern as to when they go to the bathroom.
Most children have a 'secret mission' to reunite their parents.
Most children have a special way of doing it.
Most children have a very limited concept of time.
Most children have a vocabulary of eight to ten words, including names, by eighteen months of age.
Most children have ability.
Most children have abnormal brain development.
Most children have abnormal development.
Most children have access to spoken language.
Most children have accidents after they're trained.
Most children have ages.
Most children have airways.
Most children have all their lives to make their wishes come true.
Most children have an abundance of it to return.
Most children have an excellent prognosis.
Most children have at least occasional trouble sleeping.
Most children have at least one ear infection before their eighth birthday.
Most children have at least one episode of otitis media with effusion before entering school.
Most children have attention.
Most children have better eyesights.
Most children have blood lead tests.
Most children have blood.
Most children have bones.
Most children have books.
Most children have bowlegs at birth.
Most children have brain development.
Most children have brains.
Most children have breakfasts.
Most children have breathe problems.
Most children have brothers or sisters.
Most children have choices.
Most children have chromosomal problems.
Most children have completely painless teething.
Most children have concepts.
Most children have conditions.
Most children have coughs.
Most children have development.
Most children have diarrhea.
Most children have diets.
Most children have different reaction.
Most children have difficulty with the former, but are quite capable of the latter.
Most children have difficulty.
Most children have ear infection.
Most children have education.
Most children have endocrine problems.
Most children have energy levels.
Most children have energy.
Most children have epiglottises.
Most children have expectancy.
Most children have experience.
Most children have exposure.
Most children have eyesights.
Most children have fast food.
Most children have fathers.
Most children have few complications and recover in less than two weeks.
Most children have first urinary tract infection.
Most children have food.
Most children have four to eight viral upper respiratory infections each year.
Most children have frequent ear infection.
Most children have frequent infection.
Most children have friends.
Most children have full recoveries with minimal intervention.
Most children have full recovery if treated promptly and aggressively.
Most children have good diets.
Most children have hands.
Most children have happy childhoods.
Most children have health.
Most children have higher body temperatures than adults and seem to have more daily variation.
Most children have homes.
Most children have ideas.
Most children have infection.
Most children have length.
Most children have less difficulty with hospitalization when they know what to expect.
Most children have less expectation than adults.
Most children have levels.
Most children have life expectancy.
Most children have little pain after the operation.
Most children have little to smile about when confronted with a visit to the dentist's office.
Most children have lots of questions.
Most children have low muscle tone, particularly of the upper body.
Most children have many options.
Most children have mass.
Most children have medical conditions.
Most children have memory.
Most children have middle ear infection.
Most children have more important things on their minds according to what's going on at home.
Most children have more than their fair share of toys and play items.
Most children have mother fathers.
Most children have muscles.
Most children have negative reaction.
Most children have nightmares.
Most children have no lights in their huts.
Most children have no one to talk to about the problem.
Most children have no particular problems.
Most children have no place to learn the game.
Most children have no symptoms.
Most children have normal energy levels.
Most children have normal IQ's, but many have subtle degrees of learning disability.
Most children have normal levels.
Most children have occasional attacks of mild or moderate severity.
Most children have one foot larger than the other.
Most children have only a few of the many distinct characteristics of the syndrome.
Most children have only mild symptoms for a week.
Most children have only one episode of hives, but some have many.
Most children have only one infection associated with disease of the lung.
Most children have only temporary hearing loss because of fluid in their middle ears.
Most children have options.
Most children have other options.
Most children have parents whose parental rights have been terminated.
Most children have parents.
Most children have parties.
Most children have pinworm infection.
Most children have poor appetite.
Most children have problems.
Most children have protection.
Most children have quality education.
Most children have reaction.
Most children have recollection.
Most children have respiratory infection.
Most children have rights.
Most children have senses.
Most children have serious cope problems.
Most children have serious problems.
Most children have several a year.
Most children have several different reaction.
Most children have severe feed problems.
Most children have severe problems.
Most children have shoes.
Most children have shrill voices.
Most children have sides.
Most children have skills.
Most children have small palpable cervical, axillary, and inguinal nodes.
Most children have some days of fairly high salt intake and some days with low salt intake.
Most children have some experience with doctors and so have lots of ideas for playing.
Most children have some family somewhere.
Most children have some idea what is meant by each of the words.
Most children have some kind of health issue requiring attention.
Most children have sore throats.
Most children have special needs as a result of being separated from their family of origin.
Most children have sugar water.
Most children have symptoms for a week.
Most children have systemic exposure.
Most children have tantrums sometime between the ages of one to four.
Most children have tantrums.
Most children have teeth.
Most children have temper tantrums.
Most children have temperature.
Most children have tests.
Most children have the operation between six months to two years of age.
Most children have the pigment from birth, and it almost never becomes more extensive.
Most children have the potential to be highly literate.
Most children have the rash but no symptoms.
Most children have the urge to be an accomplished magician at some time in their lives.
Most children have their own favorites.
Most children have throats.
Most children have time.
Most children have tissue.
Most children have to deal with trying to fit in with cliques .
Most children have toes.
Most children have tract infection.
Most children have underlie problems.
Most children have urinary infection.
Most children have very short attention spans.
Most children have viral infection.
Most children have water.
Most children hear dogs.
Most children hear owls.
Most children hear stories.
Most children hear tales.
Most children hear the first direction, but lose it after that.
Most children help families.
Most children help parents.
Most children help women.
Most children hike better if they have an exciting destination.
Most children hold bottles.
Most children hold hands.
Most children hope to be a firefighter, teacher, doctor or lawyer.
Most children identify children.
Most children improve in three to seven days.
Most children increase metabolism.
Most children inherit conditions.
Most children involve in sports.
Most children join families.
Most children join their parents for a snack in the church hall before heading home.
Most children jump at the chance to take sailing lessons in the summer.
Most children keep cats.
Most children keep turtles.
Most children know a few words of English, and they are eager to practice what they know.
Most children know behavior.
Most children know biological fathers.
Most children know fathers.
Most children know how to compare and they find it quite amusing.
Most children know parents.
Most children know people.
Most children know proper behavior.
Most children know sound.
Most children know stories.
Most children know that playing with matches and lighters is wrong.
Most children know that the sun makes things grow and that the sun is very hot.
Most children know the basic concept of the regular game of dominoes.
Most children know the difference between fact and fantasy.
Most children know what the happy face and unhappy face look like.
Most children lead fairly complex, interesting lives.
Most children lead inactive lives.
Most children lead normal lifestyles.
Most children learn about animals.
Most children learn about caterpillars.
Most children learn about chickens.
Most children learn about concepts.
Most children learn about dinosaurs.
Most children learn about fish.
Most children learn about hamsters.
Most children learn about numbers.
Most children learn about properties.
Most children learn about reptiles.
Most children learn about scientific concepts.
Most children learn about sheep.
Most children learn about snakes.
Most children learn advance concepts.
Most children learn advance scientific concepts.
Most children learn behavior.
Most children learn by experience.
Most children learn concepts.
Most children learn consequences.
Most children learn culture.
Most children learn dances.
Most children learn differences.
Most children learn different values.
Most children learn early in life to be cautious around strangers.
Most children learn early to interact with others in all sorts of settings and adventures.
Most children learn facts.
Most children learn from grandparents.
Most children learn games.
Most children learn habits.
Most children learn how to speak by interacting with their families and friends.
Most children learn how to surf at school.
Most children learn how to use a computer to gain access to the Internet in school.
Most children learn important spiritual values.
Most children learn it quickly.
Most children learn rules.
Most children learn scientific concepts.
Most children learn spiritual truth.
Most children learn spiritual values.
Most children learn that it is wrong to lie.
Most children learn 'the exchange' within their first training session.
Most children learn through mimicking or watching others.
Most children learn through play.
Most children learn through their senses.
Most children learn to do very well with their prostheses.
Most children learn to read by being read to and exposed to the printed word in their daily lives.
Most children learn to read easily.
Most children learn to read in just such contextual ways.
Most children learn to read in the first grade, at age six.
Most children learn truth.
Most children learn values.
Most children learn very early to spell their own and other family member's names.
Most children leave home with a very similar faith of that of their parents.
Most children leave homes.
Most children leave the multiage classroom ready to engage in a graded classroom.
Most children leave the scheme when they go to secondary school but a few stay on for another year.
Most children like to experiment with lenses and magnets.
Most children like to hear the same stories over and over.
Most children like to make lists just as they like to count.
Most children like to paint and to draw pictures.
Most children like to play with beanbags and balls.
Most children like to read books with pictures.
Most children like to sing, and some start singing before they can talk.
Most children like to use their imaginations.
Most children live at homes.
Most children live in a home where at least one parent is dieting.
Most children live in a world of vivid fantasy which they seem to lose as they grow up.
Most children live in areas.
Most children live in cities.
Most children live in counties.
Most children live in foster homes.
Most children live in government run institutions.
Most children live in homes which have never had a father, or are torn by divorce.
Most children live in homes.
Most children live in households.
Most children live in houses.
Most children live in inner cities.
Most children live in large platform tents with bunk beds and mattresses.
Most children live in nations.
Most children live in old houses.
Most children live in places.
Most children live in properties.
Most children live in regions.
Most children live in same areas.
Most children live in same households.
Most children live in single-parent homes, and many are being raised by their grandparents.
Most children live in urban areas.
Most children living in orphanages have some developmental delays and vitamin deficiency problems.
Most children living with single parents live with a single mother.
Most children localize the center of pain as temporal, frontal, or retro-orbital.
Most children look at plates.
Most children look for attention.
Most children look like parents.
Most children look underfed and malnourished.
Most children lose a little weight during illness but gain it back when they are well.
Most children lose grandfathers.
Most children lose interest.
Most children lose parents.
Most children lose status.
Most children lose teeth.
Most children love adults.
Most children love animals.
Most children love barn dances.
Most children love being able to give what little they have to others.
Most children love biological parents.
Most children love butterflies.
Most children love candy.
Most children love cats.
Most children love celebrating holidays more than once.
Most children love chocolate.
Most children love computers and spend hours exploring and problem solving.
Most children love dinosaurs.
Most children love dogs.
Most children love fire.
Most children love horses.
Most children love ideas.
Most children love lambs.
Most children love messy play.
Most children love music.
Most children love papas.
Most children love parents.
Most children love pets.
Most children love petting zoos.
Most children love playing in the water.
Most children love pounding, sculpting, and stretching tactile materials.
Most children love pounding, stretching, poking and rolling tactile materials.
Most children love the outdoors.
Most children love to be outdoors.
Most children love to go and look at it.
Most children love to look at themselves in the mirror.
Most children love to ride a bicycle.
Most children love to solve puzzles.
Most children love to wash and play with the soap.
Most children make a full recovery from their disease.
Most children make better choices.
Most children make choices.
Most children make decisions.
Most children make friends.
Most children make good choices.
Most children make memory.
Most children make messes.
Most children make noise.
Most children make observations.
Most children make own decisions.
Most children make sketches.
Most children make sound.
Most children make squeak noise.
Most children make the mistake of overregularizing the language rules of their culture.
Most children make wise decisions.
Most children manage diabetes with two or three insulin injections a day.
Most children manage to go to school in between their courses of chemotherapy.
Most children measure height.
Most children move on to pulling up and standing at about eight months.
Most children move past the experience and become stronger.
Most children naturally stop between the ages of two and four.
Most children naturally stop wetting the bed eventually.
Most children never have an opportunity to do that.
Most children normally express what they feel very genuinely.
Most children now participate in primary school, and public expenditure on education has increased.
Most children obtain fecal continence and control.
Most children occasionally prolong and repeat sounds.
Most children only have one or at most two such seizures in childhood.
Most children only learn to speak a few words during their first year.
Most children open mouths.
Most children outgrow asthma.
Most children outgrow bed-wetting without treatment.
Most children outgrow febrile seizures.
Most children outgrow it.
Most children outgrow night terrors.
Most children outgrow pigeon-toes and require no treatment.
Most children outgrow severe motion sickness.
Most children outgrow sleepwalking by the time they are teenagers.
Most children outgrow sleepwalking by the time they are teens.
Most children outgrow sleepwalking.
Most children outgrow stuttering on their own.
Most children outgrow the comic book phase, if other literature is available in their homes.
Most children outgrow the condition by puberty but a few develop it again in adult life.
Most children outgrow the condition by the time they reach puberty.
Most children outgrow the problem, which is often triggered by stress , fatigue , or excitement .
Most children outgrow the tendency to develop febrile seizures.
Most children outgrow their fears, thus leading a normal life.
Most children outgrow their stuttering without therapy.
Most children overcome bed wetting between the ages of six and ten.
Most children overflow with energy.
Most children participate in activities.
Most children participate in creative activities.
Most children participate in creative movement activities.
Most children participate in tests.
Most children participate when they are old enough to drink from a cup and eat a piece of bread.
Most children pass tests.
Most children pay attention.
Most children pay close attention.
Most children perform cognitive tasks.
Most children perform different skills.
Most children perform function tests.
Most children perform pulmonary function tests.
Most children perform skills.
Most children perform tasks.
Most children perform tests.
Most children play by jumping on each other or by simply running around.
Most children play computer games.
Most children play games.
Most children play in backyards.
Most children play instruments.
Most children play musical instruments.
Most children play outdoors with little negative reaction to the insects that share their world.
Most children play roles.
Most children play sports.
Most children practice climb skills.
Most children practice their school fire exit drills monthly.
Most children prefer a high carbohydrate diet.
Most children prefer to go asleep by breathing gas , a technique known as an inhalation induction.
Most children prefer to read about characters slightly older than themselves.
Most children prefer to read only the stories.
Most children prefer to remove warm clothing and run in shorts or a skirt and a thin shirt.
Most children prepare for adventures.
Most children prepare for tests.
Most children present a normal profile by six years of age.
Most children present when symptom-free.
Most children present with a mass in the head and neck, chest, abdomen or pelvis.
Most children present with a short residual limb of a few centimetres in length.
Most children present with mild or intermittent pain in the anterior thigh and a limp.
Most children present with non-specific abdominal pain.
Most children progress from smoking to drinking to drugs.
Most children provide h urine samples.
Most children provide information.
Most children provide samples.
Most children provide spiritual sustenance.
Most children provide sustenance.
Most children raise animals.
Most children raise in homes.
Most children rapidly return to their baseline after the procedure is completed.
Most children reach adolescence.
Most children reach adulthood.
Most children reach early adolescence.
Most children reach full height potential.
Most children reach full potential.
Most children reach height.
Most children reach maturity.
Most children reach potential.
Most children reach puberty.
Most children reach stages.
Most children react to food.
Most children read books.
Most children read good books.
Most children read stories.
Most children receive a solution of sodium and potassium citrate, as well as phosphate.
Most children receive a vision screening as they enter school.
Most children receive attention.
Most children receive basic education.
Most children receive carbohydrates.
Most children receive care in foster homes or group homes in or near their home community.
Most children receive care.
Most children receive diets.
Most children receive experience.
Most children receive flu vaccine experience.
Most children receive food.
Most children receive products.
Most children receive rewards.
Most children receive safe food.
Most children receive school credit during their admissions.
Most children receive solid food.
Most children receive therapy.
Most children receive treatments.
Most children receive vaccines.
Most children recognize the inverse relationship of addition and subtraction.
Most children recoil when sexual importunings become overt.
Most children recover completely in two to three months.
Most children recover completely.
Most children recover from a bout of chicken pox without difficulty.
Most children recover from anaesthesia quickly and without problems.
Most children recover from anaphylactoid purpura completely and have no further problems.
Most children recover from chicken pox uneventfully in less than two weeks.
Most children recover from croup in three to five days.
Most children recover from meningitis without any problems.
Most children recover fully from pneumonia.
Most children recover fully.
Most children recover within a week of symptom onset.
Most children recover without complication.
Most children regain speech skills after brain injury.
Most children release butterflies.
Most children remain at COS for a period of years.
Most children remain in existence.
Most children remain sleepy during the first day.
Most children remain with parents.
Most children repeat adventures.
Most children repeat tasks.
Most children report pains in the front of their thighs, in the calves, or behind the knee.
Most children request to be in a group.
Most children require approaches.
Most children require calories.
Most children require care.
Most children require general anesthesia for the surgery.
Most children require intake.
Most children require many explanations and have many questions regarding death.
Most children require more calories.
Most children require one or two doses daily, at bedtime and in the morning.
Most children require only expectant watching.
Most children require only very light mentions in order to correct their own actions and behavior.
Most children require personalize approaches.
Most children require strategies.
Most children require structure, routine, and predictability.
Most children require systematic, explicit instruction.
Most children require two or three between meal snacks.
Most children require vitamins.
Most children resemble parents.
Most children resent having to learn English.
Most children reside in homes.
Most children respond and learn best with hands-on learning.
Most children respond better to a calm, reasonable request or command.
Most children respond better to incentives than disincentives.
Most children respond positively to music.
Most children respond quite favorably and quickly to chiropractic adjustments.
Most children respond quite well to sealants.
Most children respond to classmates.
Most children respond to melodic pop, light jazz and rock and roll.
Most children respond to music and reading.
Most children respond to rules.
Most children respond to some type of treatment.
Most children respond to teasing in ways that detract from their ability to learn.
Most children respond to thoughts.
Most children respond to treatment.
Most children respond very well to antibiotic therapy.
Most children respond well to medication.
Most children respond well to such choices.
Most children return home.
Most children return homes.
Most children return to households.
Most children return to parental households.
Most children return to regular education settings.
Most children return to sleep fairly quickly.
Most children return to their own families.
Most children ride bicycles.
Most children run from their houses to the bus, still putting on their coats as they climb aboard.
Most children say they prefer computers to TV, if they re forced to choose.
Most children say they want to be with their friends.
Most children search for information.
Most children search for moms.
Most children see adults.
Most children see approaches.
Most children see parents.
Most children see physicians.
Most children see summaries.
Most children see the institutions as lonely and frightening places.
Most children see their future work as exciting and contributing to others.
Most children seek birds.
Most children seek political asylum.
Most children seem to know where they're going.
Most children seem to wet more at night.
Most children serve as heirs.
Most children settle down with the above treatments and then sleep peacefully through the night.
Most children share enthusiasm.
Most children share experience.
Most children share information.
Most children show ability.
Most children show anxiety.
Most children show behavior.
Most children show chins.
Most children show constraints.
Most children show differences.
Most children show distress.
Most children show each type of disfluency from time to time.
Most children show fevers.
Most children show growth.
Most children show interest.
Most children show no symptoms.
Most children show separation anxiety.
Most children show severe distress.
Most children show significant scatter in the level of their abilities across all domains.
Most children show signs of the desire to start the learning process by two years.
Most children show such behavior.
Most children show symptoms.
Most children sit in classrooms.
Most children sleep best in a quiet environment that is either dark or only dimly lit.
Most children snack a good deal throughout the day.
Most children spend great stretches of time behaving well.
Most children spend lots of time watching TV and movies.
Most children spend part of their allowance on sweets.
Most children spend some time with each parent.
Most children spend their afternoons on the sports ground.
Most children spend time in a car or on a school bus every day.
Most children start at nursery level.
Most children start at the beginning of the stream and some spread out further downstream.
Most children start primary school at about five years of age.
Most children start primary school at five years of age.
Most children start school excited about learning about reading, writing and the world.
Most children start school with good social skills and are in good health.
Most children start the year knowing their letters, most sounds, and a few words.
Most children start to get their adult teeth at about six years of age.
Most children stay about three months.
Most children stay at homes.
Most children stay dry all night if picked up around midnight.
Most children stay home from school and there is widespread panic.
Most children stay with grandparents.
Most children stay with mothers.
Most children stay with parents.
Most children stop having febrile seizures as they grow older.
Most children stop on their own.
Most children stop wetting the bed at night by the time they are four or five.
Most children succeed in life in spite of their parents' ability or inability to worry.
Most children suck their thumb for safety even before birth.
Most children suck their thumb, fingers or a pacifier.
Most children suffer cognitive difficulty.
Most children suffer difficulty.
Most children suffer from deficiencies.
Most children suffer from illnesses.
Most children suffer from issues.
Most children suffer from poor nutrition which has detrimental affects on their ability to learn.
Most children suffer from term illnesses.
Most children suffer pain.
Most children suffer physical pain.
Most children suffer poison symptoms.
Most children suffer problems.
Most children suffer symptoms.
Most children suffering from gastroesophageal reflux are otherwise normal and healthy.
Most children survive to adulthood.
Most children sustain growth plate injuries.
Most children sustain injuries.
Most children sustain physical injuries.
Most children take advantage of their parents.
Most children take at least two years to learn to use the new sound information effectively.
Most children take breaths.
Most children take care.
Most children take favorite toys.
Most children take longer to conquer naptime and nighttime dryness.
Most children take more than one kind of insulin.
Most children take notes.
Most children take precaution.
Most children take toys.
Most children talk to doctors.
Most children talk with adults.
Most children tell parents that they feel better, clearer, and more alert after taking essences.
Most children tend to prefer the routine over the unfamiliar.
Most children then begin speech therapy for once or twice a week.
Most children then demand that they be cleaned and be seen by the dentist also.
Most children then drop the subject.
Most children think of kangaroos when they think of Australia.
Most children think that the highlight is a scale model of an operating trolley line.
Most children think that they have no responsibility at all.
Most children thrive on diets.
Most children thrive on herbivorous diets.
Most children thrive on routine and knowing what to expect.
Most children throw balls.
Most children throw tantrums in a particular place with a particular person.
Most children tolerate amitriptyline well.
Most children touch eyes.
Most children touch surfaces.
Most children trust wholeheartedly.
Most children try to guide the feeder by communicating their needs and wants at mealtimes.
Most children turn backs.
Most children turn to the streets because of abuse or abandonment.
Most children undergo dental procedures.
Most children undergo examinations.
Most children undergo procedures.
Most children undergo tests.
Most children understand activities.
Most children understand benefits.
Most children understand cessations.
Most children understand differences.
Most children understand enjoyable activities.
Most children understand importance.
Most children understand people.
Most children understand responsibility.
Most children understand the idea of iteration.
Most children urinate within an hour after having a large drink.
Most children use a combination of bronchodilators and anti-inflammatories to manage their asthma.
Most children use books.
Most children use brushes that are too big to be easily manuevered into small spaces in their mouth.
Most children use computers.
Most children use cope strategies.
Most children use creative movement.
Most children use cups.
Most children use energy.
Most children use exploration.
Most children use fingertips.
Most children use food.
Most children use instruments.
Most children use knowledge.
Most children use materials.
Most children use methods.
Most children use movement.
Most children use pencils.
Most children use salt.
Most children use spoons.
Most children use strategies.
Most children use technology.
Most children use temper tantrums or sulks to be heard.
Most children view experience.
Most children view losing teeth as a sign of growing up.
Most children view the end of summer with mixed feelings, but many are happy to be back in school.
Most children view their teachers and other school officials as important authority figures.
Most children visit doctors.
Most children visit parents.
Most children visit the dentist for the first time around age three.
Most children voluntarily leave their parents bed at some time.
Most children wait longer than a year before enrollment.
Most children walk to school.
Most children wash hands.
Most children watch animals.
Most children watch butterflies.
Most children watch dogs.
Most children watch fish.
Most children watch rabbits.
Most children watch squirrels.
Most children watch television.
Most children watch turtles.
Most children weigh lbs.
Most children work alongside their parents from dawn to dusk, farming a small plot of land.
Most children work because their families are poor and their labour is necessary for their survival.
Most children work full-time, seven hours per day, and six days a week.
Most children work to support their family or to earn money for themselves.
Most children worry about imaginary monsters that live under their bed.
Most children worry from time to time - about their grades, their friends, or their families.
Most children worry from time to time about their grades, their friends, or their families.
Most children write observations.
Most children write stories.
Some children often avoid telling their parents the complete truth about certain situations.
Some children often demonstrate difficulty producing speech sounds.
Some child are book smart.
Some child care environments work better for children with certain temperaments.
Some children abscond from residential care and become homeless.
Some children abuse parents.
Some children accept their new family and life-style, others don t.
Some children achieve good palate function alongside an improvement in articulation skills.
Some children achieve mastery over eating implements much faster than others.
Some children acquire at home the habit of attention to the well-being of others beside themselves.
Some children acquire disorder.
Some children acquire the virus and have few, if any, symptoms.
Some children acquire the virus but have few, if any, symptoms.
Some children act as guides.
Some children act as stations on the Railroad.
Some children act out in anger.
Some children act out so much, they make it hard for others to learn.
Some children act younger or regress.
Some children actually eat lead-containing paint chips, which taste sweet.
Some children actually grow more during treatment.
Some children actually prefer fruits and vegetables.
Some children actually provoke their own victimization.
Some children adapt readily to preschool, others take their time.
Some children adjust to change more easily than others.
Some children aid and protect the chemically dependent parent.
Some children already come to school with the ability to speak two languages.
Some children already live in their immediate neighborhood, as well as a few retired couples.
Some children also develop chills.
Some children also display stereotypic motor movements, such as hand flapping or rocking.
Some children also enjoy a gift certificate for a movie, sports event or a favorite amusement park.
Some children also exchange gifts at school, and receive gifts from their teacher.
Some children also experience irritability, diarrhea , and vomiting with ear infections.
Some children also give out the books to other children.
Some children also have congenital structural abnormalities of the brain.
Some children also have developmental delay although many catch up by school age.
Some children also like to eat soil.
Some children also like to wave bye-bye to their BMs.
Some children also play with their blanket or a diaper before they fall asleep.
Some children also require radiation.
Some children also require services beyond the usual six-hour school day.
Some children also require special tests of bowel function to assist in diagnosis.
Some children also respond to rewards.
Some children alternate between parents' homes on an equal time basis.
Some children alternate between parents' homes on an equal-time basis.
Some children announce victories.
Some children anticipate wit with great excitement, others dread it.
Some children appear in films.
Some children appear lethargic, pale and miserable looking while others seem fairly well.
Some children appear to be particularly prone to croup and have a number of infections.
Some children are able to complete the first part of the knot.
Some children are able to discontinue medication after one year without relapse or loss of skills.
Some children are able to make small amounts of aldosterone.
Some children are able to reduce or eliminate medication by avoiding foods high in acid.
Some children are able to sign in a more clear, concise, fluid manner.
Some children are able to spell precociously as well.
Some children are able to study with a little background noise such as music.
Some children are able to use power mobility systems.
Some children are affected by autosomal diseases.
Some children are affected by autosomal recessive diseases.
Some children are affected by diseases.
Some children are affected by disorder.
Some children are affected by recessive diseases.
Some children are afraid of being left alone.
Some children are afraid of firefighters.
Some children are afraid of the dark.
Some children are afraid of the toilet.
Some children are afraid of the unknown.
Some children are afraid to come forward.
Some children are allergic to certain foods.
Some children are allergic to certain materials such as metal causing a contact dermatitis.
Some children are allergic to down and feather pillows or wool blankets.
Some children are allergic to tobacco smoke, and secondhand smoke can make asthma worse.
Some children are allergic to two or more foods, sometimes in the same food group.
Some children are allergic to two or more foods.
Some children are almost unaffected by divorce.
Some children are already computer literate.
Some children are also interested in the stove knobs.
Some children are also permanently clumsy.
Some children are apt to become deficient in calcium and iron.
Some children are at greater risk of living in poverty than others.
Some children are at higher risk for abuse than others.
Some children are at higher risk for ear infections from chickenpox.
Some children are at higher risk of abuse than others.
Some children are at special risk of developing a psychiatric disorder themselves.
Some children are at their best in the morning, before school.
Some children are aural learners, while some are tactile, and others become great visual learners.
Some children are better able than others at falling asleep quickly.
Some children are better at climbing and jumping, others are better at drawing and singing.
Some children are better at coping with severe trauma than other children.
Some children are big, or stocky, because they have large skeletal frames.
Some children are born deaf.
Some children are bossy and dominant with their friends, causing the friends to leave unhappily.
Some children are both.
Some children are cancer patients.
Some children are capable of being home alone for longer periods of time than others.
Some children are capable of learning the mainstream subjects, but only require special resources.
Some children are chronically absent from school.
Some children are confused about whether the first column after the decimal point is tens or tenths.
Some children are deeply disappointed to have missed a heart dissection session at their club.
Some children are diagnosed at or near birth, others are diagnosed years later.
Some children are diagnosed with asthma.
Some children are diagnosed with conditions.
Some children are difficult to feed even when well and become more reluctant when sick.
Some children are easy targets for teasing and exclusion because of the way they look or behave.
Some children are easy to like, others less so.
Some children are easy to raise.
Some children are easy to talk to and reason with.
Some children are eligible for other types of special visas to remain in the United States.
Some children are embarrassed about having diabetes.
Some children are emotionally fragile.
Some children are especially good at memorizing and enjoy it.
Some children are especially prone to colds they pick up in daycare.
Some children are especially sensitive to the emotional environment in which they live.
Some children are excessively sleepy during the daytime hours.
Some children are excited and some go through a grieving period.
Some children are far more sensitive than others.
Some children are fast, some take longer.
Some children are fearful and yearn for the absent parent.
Some children are found and returned, others return home on their own.
Some children are frightened when they first see a massive elephant, etc.
Some children are from backgrounds of abuse and neglect.
Some children are geniuses.
Some children are happier in a home environment.
Some children are here in temporary care, to help families tide over difficult times.
Some Children are Home Schooled by their families.
Some children are hyperactive and have trouble paying attention or following directions.
Some children are hypersensitive to sensory information and over-respond to sensory stimuli.
Some children are intellectually normal.
Some children are just a little slower than others at getting mastery of speech production.
Some children are just heavier than others.
Some children are just more physical than others.
Some children are just naturally thin.
Some children are just slow.
Some children are larks or morning people and others are owls or evening people.
Some children are late bloomers and learn just fine, but a little later.
Some children are late starters.
Some children are less deserving than others.
Some children are less rebellious than others.
Some children are livelier, noisier and more outgoing than others.
Some children are loathe to give up favorite toys, too.
Some children are loud or dramatic, while others react quietly and respond with reserve.
Some children are more adept than others and work faster.
Some children are more capable of organization than others.
Some children are more cautious and like to look things over first.
Some children are more comfortable being cared for by the same person day after day.
Some children are more curious than others.
Some children are more demanding and harder to get along with than others.
Some children are more fearful than others.
Some children are more flexible than others.
Some children are more insecure about preschool then others.
Some children are more interested in reading than others.
Some children are more introverted than others.
Some children are more likely to get anemia than others.
Some children are more likely to get anemia.
Some children are more motivated to brush with an electric toothbrush.
Some children are more susceptible to that influence than others.
Some children are more tolerant than others of wet or dirty diapers.
Some children are more visual, others auditory, and some are more experiential learners.
Some children are more visually oriented than others.
Some children are more vulnerable to abuse than others.
Some children are more vulnerable to developing vocal nodules and vocal strain than others.
Some children are most comfortable with lecture while some children prefer hands on experiments.
Some children are much more active than their peers.
Some children are much more prone to fearful behaviors from birth than other children.
Some children are multiple orphans.
Some children are natural born readers and learn how to decode words by themselves.
Some children are natural climbers.
Some children are naturally generous.
Some children are naturally less risk taking and more perfectionistic.
Some children are naturally more shy or anxious than others.
Some children are near an altar.
Some children are needier than others.
Some children are never able to learn certain things, like counting money, reading, etc.
Some children are never able to learn to tell time.
Some children are on antibiotics for months or even years.
Some children are on metered dose inhalers or puffers when they're well.
Some children are on routes for long periods.
Some children are only familiar with tenths and some are only familiar with tenths and hundredths.
Some children are orphans.
Some children are overcome by unfortunate sex experiences occurring early in their lives.
Some children are overly eager to please any adult.
Some children are particularly vulnerable to online predators.
Some children are performers and homeschooling fits their schedules better.
Some children are physically deformed and some are mentally unsound.
Some children are physically more attractive than other children.
Some children are picky eaters.
Some children are prone to car sickness, which can be aggravated by cigarette smoke or strong odors.
Some children are prone to ear infections.
Some children are prone to repeated infestations, and others are unaffected.
Some children are quicker to 'explode' than others.
Some children are quiet and enjoy watching, while others are very active and move all the time.
Some children are quite bright, but lack basic skills for organizing their work and staying on task.
Some children are ready by age three.
Some children are ready earlier than others.
Some children are ready for baptism earlier than other children.
Some children are ready to move on to abstract concepts and actually enjoy worksheets very much.
Some children are ready to stay dry all night at a much earlier age than others.
Some children are real hams.
Some children are resilient to poor outcomes.
Some children are runners-to school.
Some children are rushed to hospitals.
Some children are satisfied with very simple answers.
Some children are scared and cry on the ride home.
Some children are scared of death and dying.
Some children are scared, because they think it's going to hurt.
Some children are sensitive to early morning light and are awakened by it.
Some children are short, some are tall.
Some children are shyer and take longer to warm up.
Some children are simply bored to tears working in text books.
Some children are simply born grumpy, others have disorders that enhance temperamental behaviors.
Some children are simply more accepting of authority.
Some children are simply more challenging than others are.
Some children are slow to talk.
Some children are slower to develop impulse control.
Some children are so bitter that they never open the door.
Some children are so humiliated by the experience they run away from school.
Some children are so sensitive that they react to vapors from peanut shells.
Some children are sound sleepers who can sleep through almost anything.
Some children are steamed about the changes at their favorite Web sites.
Some children are still at home, others only return occasionally from college or university.
Some children are still in the process of rehabilitation from drug addiction.
Some children are susceptible to infections when young, especially ear infections.
Some children are tactilely defensive or they have abnormal muscle tone.
Some children are talkative while others are quiet.
Some children are temperamentally difficult to communicate with.
Some children are tiny, some are large.
Some children are too fearful to try anything new.
Some children are too tired to eat after playing hard all day.
Some children are too young to express their feelings using words.
Some children are unable to handle the dual curriculum.
Some children are undernourished.
Some children are undoubtedly happier with siblings, and some are undoubtedly happier alone.
Some children are unusual.
Some children are very adaptable, easygoing, positive, and easily distracted.
Some children are very confident.
Some children are very direct in voicing feelings of low self-esteem.
Some children are very disabled with low levels of functioning.
Some children are very fast, while others take longer than an African Olympic swimmer.
Some children are very hard to cope with because they are so selfish and demanding.
Some children are very lucky to live near their grandma and grandpa.
Some children are very organized travelers.
Some children are very prone to getting urinary tract infections.
Some children are very visually oriented.
Some children are violently allergic to nuts.
Some children are visual learners, and some children are auditory learners.
Some children are visual learners, other children learn by hearing.
Some children are visual learners.
Some children are young, some are older.
Some children arrive at childcare as soon as it opens.
Some children arrive for class in clothes that offer little protection against the cold weather.
Some children ask about dying, even with non-serious surgeries.
Some children ask to try new activities and stay home alone.
Some children assume roles.
Some children attack animals.
Some children attempt to stop or control the problem.
Some children attend a special school for blind and partially sighted children.
Some children attend as day pupils and some are weekly boarders.
Some children attend universities.
Some children automatically demonstrate their benefit from a hearing aid.
Some children automatically invent a strategy for subtraction based on negative numbers.
Some children avoid dolphin meat.
Some children avoid eat dolphin meat.
Some children avoid eat meat.
Some children avoid meat.
Some children bear to parents.
Some children become agitated and disoriented, while others become paralyzed.
Some children become bully victims.
Some children become concepts.
Some children become constipated because they ignore the natural urge to empty their bowels.
Some children become craggy rocks.
Some children become disruptive in class and pick fights with other students.
Some children become frightened.
Some children become hyperactive after eating candy or other sugary foods.
Some children become important wage contributors when parents or siblings fall sick.
Some children become involved in crime, prostitution, child pornography, drug abuse.
Some children become men.
Some children become more attached to bottles than others.
Some children become mothers.
Some children become much more aggressive.
Some children become orphans.
Some children become over-achievers in an attempt to contradict their own feelings of helplessness.
Some children become overwhelmed by too much stimulation.
Some children become overwhelmed if the toy makes a sound.
Some children become pale, with bloodshot eyes and a runny nose or eyes.
Some children become parents.
Some children become railroad men.
Some children become slaves.
Some children become stuck for a while in a biting syndrome.
Some children become unusually hyperactive when the medication wears off.
Some children become upset in a small exam room with the door closed.
Some children become users.
Some children become very concerned if their usual patterns are disrupted.
Some children become very repetitive or stereotypic in playing with toys.
Some children become very withdrawn during a divorce.
Some children become victims.
Some children become worried or frightened about coming to the hospital.
Some children begin diets.
Some children begin elimination diets.
Some children begin life.
Some children begin moving from concrete thinking to abstract thinking.
Some children begin smoke.
Some children begin tests.
Some children begin their growth phases early, while others are late bloomers.
Some children begin using marijuana at much younger ages.
Some children behave in an aggressive or disruptive manner and, hence, are rejected by peers.
Some children believe they are responsible for the death.
Some children belong in schools outside their home districts.
Some children benefit from a good martial arts class.
Some children benefit from counseling or from structured therapy.
Some children benefit from expertise in movement and physical fitness to reach their full potential.
Some children benefit from medications prescribed by a child psychiatrist.
Some children benefit from some time away from mom and dad.
Some children benefit from supplemental oxygen usually delivered through a small nasal tube.
Some children benefit from the addition of soft tissues to further balance the face.
Some children benefit from treatment with medication along with therapy.
Some children benefit greatly from food programs at school.
Some children benefit greatly from time spent in training, in terms of usable skills.
Some children best absorb information when they read it.
Some children bite one or two times and never try it again.
Some children blame themselves when there is a death.
Some children bother everyone.
Some children bring cartons.
Some children bring ideas.
Some children bring paper cartons.
Some children bring tadpoles.
Some children build houses.
Some children build up a tolerance to sedatives and pain relievers.
Some children burn out of every type of resource and end up in the correctional system.
Some children buy fish.
Some children buy lunch at school every day.
Some children buy lunch.
Some children buy or steal the drug from their classmates.
Some children buy pigs.
Some children buy school lunch.
Some children call, saying they want to hear a story.
Some children can absorb a great depth of information in a single, intense exposure.
Some children can add twisting while others can reach.
Some children can already read when they come to school.
Some children can be carriers of strep bacteria without having any symptoms.
Some children can be finicky eaters.
Some children can be quick to employ violence and slurs.
Some children can be sensitive to dusty conditions or animal fur.
Some children can come right home from school and hit the books.
Some children can cough up the swallowed object.
Some children can detect even higher frequencies.
Some children can develop two strong languages from the very beginning.
Some children can digest nothing else.
Some children can display marked inattention and impulsivity without hyperactivity.
Some children can do one better.
Some children can easily visualize three-dimensional objects and puzzles.
Some children can eat fruit without problems.
Some children can get a form identical to adult rheumatoid arthritis.
Some children can get a reaction just by smelling peanut odor.
Some children can gracefully balance three or four activities.
Some children can grow out of their seizures.
Some children can have different patterns.
Some children can have follow symptoms.
Some children can have symptoms.
Some children can hear and can speak, yet have trouble understanding or producing utterances.
Some children can hear the story even when they are physically doing some otherwork.
Some children can identify everyday sounds, such as car horns, doorbells and birds singing .
Some children can learn techniques that cause the heart rate to slow down.
Some children can learn the material twice as fast using a different method.
Some children can listen better while their hands are busy.
Some children can lose too much of the body's fluid and become dehydrated.
Some children can make people believe anything - even think they are animals.
Some children can only handle one week of camp.
Some children can open child-resistant containers.
Some children can outgrow one allergy only to develop another later in life.
Some children can point to a dozen grandparents.
Some children can put mules to shame.
Some children can quite easily crawl or bottom up and down steps.
Some children can recognize words and a very few can understand words in simple sentences.
Some children can recognize words, and a very few can understand words in simple sentences.
Some children can remove the plug-in caps, and some brands are small enough to cause choking.
Some children can t learn.
Some children can thrive on a schedule that others find too stressful.
Some children care for the environment.
Some children care for their incapacitated parents.
Some children carry babies.
Some children carry food preferences to extremes, with favored foods eaten to excess.
Some children carry food.
Some children carry mutation.
Some children catch ants.
Some children catch fish.
Some children catch lizards.
Some children catch spiders.
Some children cause death.
Some children cause health problems.
Some children cause injuries.
Some children cause problems.
Some children cause serious injuries.
Some children celebrate time.
Some children censor themselves so thoroughly, they forget who they really are.
Some children check height.
Some children choose experiments.
Some children choose fiction reading as well based on what they love.
Some children choose own religion.
Some children choose religion.
Some children choose science experiments.
Some children choose to do school sport.
Some children choose to ignore or defy authorities.
Some children clean rooms.
Some children cling to tradition like a favorite teddy bear, even at a young age.
Some children collect animals.
Some children collect beetles.
Some children collect butterflies.
Some children collect fish.
Some children collect leaves.
Some children collect materials.
Some children collect salamanders.
Some children collect seeds.
Some children collect water.
Some children come for a gleeful sprint down a leaf-covered path.
Some children come from homes surrounding the school and others are bussed from the inner city.
Some children come into contact.
Some children come into the world a little sick.
Some children come on different days.
Some children come to school hungry while others come without school supplies.
Some children come to school late.
Some children come to school with Pidgin.
Some children come to school with specific needs.
Some children come to the clinic to see a doctor and others are accompanying a parent or guardian.
Some children come to visit it the next day.
Some children comment that it tastes just like mother's milk.
Some children commit suicide.
Some children compare patterns.
Some children complain of itching or joint pain with the rash.
Some children complain of itching under the cast.
Some children complain of tingling, itching, or funny sensations on the bottoms of their feet.
Some children complain only of headache or stomach pain.
Some children complain that meats taste bitter or metallic and sweet foods are too sweet.
Some children complain they get all of the hard chores because they are older.
Some children complete experiments.
Some children concentrate better with music or background noise.
Some children conform and do as they are told at an early age.
Some children consider close friends.
Some children consider close personal friends.
Some children consider friends.
Some children constantly struggle with heeding the direct commands of their parents.
Some children consume caffeine.
Some children consume chew gum.
Some children consume chew nicotine gum.
Some children consume gum.
Some children consume nicotine gum.
Some children continue homework.
Some children continue to have a hard time losing.
Some children cope better than others.
Some children cope well and thrive.
Some children cough up mucus after breathing treatments.
Some children create a family out of snow.
Some children create energy.
Some children create journals.
Some children cry at times of separation for as long as a month.
Some children cry for days before they adjust.
Some children cry, but it is the silence of the adults that is more telling.
Some children cry, others are shy, and still others become excitable.
Some children cry.
Some children daydream about having a girlfriend.
Some children deal with a condition called oral defensiveness.
Some children deal with anxiety.
Some children deal with depression on their own.
Some children deal with their condition better than others.
Some children decline rapidly, others stabilize.
Some children demonstrate the potential for superior talents.
Some children describe advantage.
Some children describe events.
Some children develop a dark band at the back of the neck.
Some children develop a fear of the dark so they have trouble going to sleep.
Some children develop a rash about the body which is red and has fine bumps.
Some children develop a type of gestural communication or sign-like language.
Some children develop a variety of other physical symptoms or emotional difficulties.
Some children develop acute disorder.
Some children develop aggressive behavior patterns that last well into adult life.
Some children develop an ambivalent and contemptuous attitude to parents.
Some children develop cataract later in childhood.
Some children develop cerebral palsy months or years after they are born.
Some children develop decoding strategies over time with little direct instruction.
Some children develop diabetes.
Some children develop difficulties with school performance upon returning to school.
Some children develop diseases.
Some children develop disorder.
Some children develop ear infections a few days after a cold starts.
Some children develop early while others are late-bloomers.
Some children develop faster than other children and some a little bit slower.
Some children develop fears of illness or handicaps.
Some children develop genetic disorder.
Some children develop hydrocephalus after birth.
Some children develop immune system problems.
Some children develop lists.
Some children develop night sweats, fever and weight loss.
Some children develop parents.
Some children develop problems in school.
Some children develop problems.
Some children develop rheumatoid arthritis similar to the type seen in adults.
Some children develop single parents.
Some children develop slower of faster than the average.
Some children develop sore throats.
Some children develop speech early.
Some children develop speech later than their peers.
Some children develop their own method of communicating, such as with gestures or signs.
Some children develop throats.
Some children develop typical speech patterns until age two.
Some children diagnose with cancer.
Some children diagnose with conditions.
Some children diagnose with depressions.
Some children diagnose with diseases.
Some children diagnose with problems.
Some children die after attempts.
Some children die as results.
Some children die before adulthood.
Some children die before ages.
Some children die before birthdays.
Some children die before fifth birthdays.
Some children die before third birthdays.
Some children die from injuries.
Some children die from poison.
Some children die from starvation.
Some children die in childhood.
Some children die in cots.
Some children die in crashes.
Some children die in early childhood.
Some children die in foster care.
Some children die in hospitals.
Some children die in infancies.
Some children die of acute diseases.
Some children die of diseases.
Some children die of infectious diseases.
Some children die of malaria.
Some children die of poison.
Some children die of respiratory distress in the neonatal period.
Some children die within few weeks.
Some children die within last few weeks.
Some children die within last weeks.
Some children die within weeks.
Some children digest their food very quickly and are as hungry as bears whenever snack occurs.
Some children discover boxes.
Some children discover deposit boxes.
Some children discover safe deposit boxes.
Some children discuss books.
Some children discuss information.
Some children discuss similarity.
Some children discuss various ways.
Some children discuss ways.
Some children dislike many food sources of iron such as green vegetables and red meats.
Some children display general delays in development.
Some children display no negative signs.
Some children display their indifference by playing the clown and laughing and giggling.
Some children do actually walk in their sleep.
Some children do best when encouraged to take a deep breath and drink fast.
Some children do best with a program combining both methods.
Some children do better in a smaller, home-like setting with fewer children and a single caregiver.
Some children do better in a special education contained class.
Some children do better on tests than others.
Some children do better with several days to prepare, while others worry themselves sick.
Some children do better with simply more attention to their needs.
Some children do bring packed lunches from home.
Some children do cry during their first visit.
Some children do equally well no matter if the oil is given by mouth or by rubbing into the skin.
Some children do experience hearing difficulties due to the positioning of the lower jaw.
Some children do feel sick after being under anesthesia.
Some children do fine, even when their parent is having a problem.
Some children do go after the thickest book they can find.
Some children do hold their breath when they have a tantrum, even to the point where they faint.
Some children do learn the truth, however.
Some children do magic.
Some children do outgrow their problems, but by no means most.
Some children do remain sensitive.
Some children do seem to react to certain foods by becoming restless and irritable.
Some children do the same with green peas.
Some children do undergo spinal fusions to correct the problem.
Some children do use questions to gain the attention of the parents.
Some children do well at some developmental stages and less well at others.
SOME children do well in school.
Some children do well with treatment along with family members in their own homes.
Some children do well.
Some children do, however, have problems with abstraction.
Some children do, however, still prefer familiar foods from home.
Some children document environmental impact.
Some children don t feel personally good about their mouth.
Some children draw silently.
Some children draw wheels.
Some children drive cars.
Some children drive their parents to distraction.
Some children ease into the process while other children continually struggle.
Some children eat all the time but they never sit still for a minute.
Some children eat all three meals at school, only going home to sleep and on weekends.
Some children eat crabs.
Some children eat dinner at home and only eat a roll and tea or juice at school.
Some children eat fish.
Some children eat fleas.
Some children eat flesh.
Some children eat infect fleas.
Some children eat more than others do.
Some children eat nuts.
Some children eat soy.
Some children eat the entire serving of one food before they taste another.
Some children eat very large breakfasts and are hungry in the late morning, if at all.
Some children encounter pigs.
Some children encounter reptiles.
Some children end up with g-tubes because of their difficulty with bottle feedings.
Some children engage in distressing self-injurious behaviors.
Some children engage in fire-play out of curiosity, without realizing the dangers.
Some children enjoy both fiction and nonfiction.
Some children enjoy bringing toys from home.
Some children enjoy caring for themselves and happily accept the added responsibilities.
Some children enjoy chewing on a firm object or having their gums rubbed with a finger.
Some children enjoy combining drawing and collage.
Some children enjoy competition.
Some children enjoy eating food that they have helped to prepare.
Some children enjoy eating latkes.
Some children enjoy godparents.
Some children enjoy grandmothers.
Some children enjoy hanging upside down.
Some children enjoy keeping a journal.
Some children enjoy keeping track of events on the kitchen calendar.
Some children enjoy learning through talking and sharing with others.
Some children enjoy mushrooms.
Some children enjoy owners.
Some children enjoy quizzing grown-ups.
Some children enjoy seeing a movie and then reading the book, or vice versa.
Some children enjoy starting their own business.
Some children enjoy the time alone.
Some children enjoy weeds.
Some children ensure security.
Some children enter at age six.
Some children enter into presence.
Some children enter restaurants.
Some children enter school without even knowing the basics, such as the alphabet and counting.
Some children enter states.
Some children even become suicidal.
Some children even chew on the sill or pick at the paint.
Some children even display coagulation and circulatory disorders.
Some children even experience mixed symptoms of both mania and depression at the same time.
Some children even experiment with killing small insects.
Some children even feel guilt for being healthy.
Some children even get the chance to conduct.
Some children even get together and go on field trips together almost once a week.
Some children even go off to a private location.
Some children even have personal webpages complete with pictures scanned at home.
Some children even hold their breath to the point of fainting.
Some children even lie to protect the offender.
Some children even see it as a way of receiving attention from their parents.
Some children excel in all areas and require academic challenges to remain motivated in school.
Some children excrete materials.
Some children exhibit a great deal of noncompliance in an effort to regain control over their lives.
Some children exhibit appearances.
Some children exhibit characteristic appearances.
Some children exhibit characteristic facial appearances.
Some children exhibit excessive lip smacking while eating.
Some children exhibit facial appearances.
Some children exhibit improved lip reading.
Some children exhibit improved lipreading.
Some children exhibit minor problems.
Some children exhibit more resiliency in their personality.
Some children exhibit problems.
Some children exhibit symptoms soon after birth.
Some children exhibit the cultural symptoms of hearing loss even though their ears work properly.
Some children experience a growth spurt and enter early adolescence.
Some children experience a little discomfort following surgery.
Some children experience allergies in the high desert.
Some children experience conflict.
Some children experience contextual similarities of literacy events between home and school.
Some children experience delays in acquiring motor skills.
Some children experience delays in development.
Some children experience depression.
Some children experience difficulty breathing with exercise and activity.
Some children experience discomfort under bright florescent lighting.
Some children experience educational and behavioral regressions during summer break.
Some children experience emotional conflict.
Some children experience physical effects, including stomachaches and headaches.
Some children experience physical symptoms.
Some children experience pressure from the textbook reading, report writing, and test-taking.
Some children experience problems with lying, paying attention, defiance, schooling and stealing.
Some children experience severe depression and all so behavioral problems.
Some children experience severe depression and also behavioral problems.
Some children experience severe reaction.
Some children experience severe symptoms.
Some children experience social phobia, while others are extremely charismatic and risk-taking.
Some children experience symptoms.
Some children experience unpleasant reactions after eating certain foods.
Some children explain differences.
Some children explore their environment eagerly for great lengths of time.
Some children expose to allergen.
Some children expose to cat allergen.
Some children expose to mercury.
Some children express anxiety.
Some children express conclusions.
Some children express confusion.
Some children express feelings of abandonment, guilt, anger, and insecurity.
Some children express interest.
Some children express notions.
Some children express that loss of hope by becoming angry and bitter.
Some children face many barriers.
Some children fair much better when a combination of anti-depressants and psychotherapy is utilized.
Some children fall asleep in class.
Some children fall asleep in five minutes and sleep for two hours.
Some children fall asleep more easily, sleep soundly and longer.
Some children fall into buckets.
Some children fall into pens.
Some children favor a combination of both.
Some children fear the larger toilet.
Some children feed animals.
Some children feed birds.
Some children feed cattle.
Some children feed ducks.
Some children feed fish.
Some children feed horses.
Some children feed owls.
Some children feed pigeons.
Some children feed rabbits.
Some children feel alone because they have no parents.
Some children feel ashamed and assume they are less lovable because of the abuse.
Some children feel better when they know more.
Some children feel birds.
Some children feel comfort.
Some children feel fish.
Some children feel hamsters.
Some children feel inferior because they are step children.
Some children feel legs.
Some children feel loved only for their accomplishments.
Some children feel more comfortable asking questions of a medical professional.
Some children feel more comfortable sleeping next to an adult.
Some children feel nervous and have family conflicts.
Some children feel overly controlled.
Some children feel overwhelmed by a large quantity of food on their plate.
Some children feel parents.
Some children feel resentment towards the new baby to the point of wanting to cause the baby harm.
Some children feel responsible for the violence.
Some children feel safe and secure as long as their parents are there.
Some children feel very uncomfortable.
Some children fight more than others.
Some children find beads.
Some children find it difficult to ask for help when they don t understand a new skill.
Some children find it difficult to discuss their experience or are unwilling to do so.
Some children find it easier to open up to their grandparents.
Some children find it easier to talk with peers than adults.
Some children find it easier to write their riddles first, and then make their pictures.
Some children find it hard to make friends.
Some children find learning difficult because of a physical or mental disability.
Some children find learning in regular classrooms difficult.
Some children find organizers.
Some children find pathways.
Some children find peace.
Some children find results.
Some children find school an exhilarating challenge, while others are overwhelmed.
Some children find snakes.
Some children find solutions.
Some children find taste.
Some children find the first few weeks of school intimidating.
Some children find their natural ceiling where no further height is desired.
Some children find unpleasant taste.
Some children focus on a single task or activity and ignore everything else.
Some children follow applications.
Some children follow infants.
Some children gain aspects.
Some children gain chances.
Some children get a bit upset when the fish is killed.
Some children get a sense of security from diapers and the attention they get while being changed.
Some children get adolescence.
Some children get adults.
Some children get away with things by virtue of their place in the family or personal charm.
Some children get better after a few months - some are still no better after years.
Some children get cancer.
Some children get chances.
Some children get chicken pox all over.
Some children get diabetes.
Some children get fat right away.
Some children get fortune.
Some children get irritable if their noses are wiped.
Some children get leaves.
Some children get lice.
Some children get lots of ear infections.
Some children get markers.
Some children get milk.
Some children get more excited about bugs than vegetables or flowers.
Some children get most of their nature and country knowledge from television.
Some children get nosebleeds for no apparent reason or because of a cold or infection.
Some children get overly sensitized and develop unhealthy fears.
Some children get sick to their stomach and feel tired or crabby.
Some children get small sores in their mouth, on their eyelids, or around the groin.
Some children get the rash on the eyelids, palms of the hand and soles of the feet.
Some children get time.
Some children get to celebrate on name day and on their own birthday.
Some children get too nervous.
Some children get uncomfortable with close physical contact.
Some children get up and walk aimlessly around the house, for a few seconds to thirty minutes.
Some children get up and walk around during a night terror.
Some children get very active and forget to eat or just like to snack.
Some children giggle and the more competitive types frown as they maneuver through the maze.
Some children give exaggerated, prolonged stress to a sound in a word.
Some children give fashion leadership to the class.
Some children give freedom.
Some children give permission.
Some children give up before they even start.
Some children go days without a meal.
Some children go home every day after school.
Some children go into care.
Some children go on to receive a bone marrow transplant.
Some children go through a damaging succession of placements.
Some children go through a period of withdrawl and the behavior can be unbearable.
Some children go through an awkward, gawky stage.
Some children go to another extreme attempting to suppress their jealousy.
Some children go to beaches.
Some children go to local schools.
Some children go to public schools.
Some children go to school with a cued speech interpreter to assist in receiving information.
Some children go to schools.
Some children grasp material better through their ears than eyes.
Some children grind or clench their teeth while sleeping.
Some children grow faster than others and some have better coordination earlier than others.
Some children grow out of ADD once they get past their teens.
Some children grow out of asthma and some people are only affected at different times of the year.
Some children grow out of taking naps.
Some children grow up and pursue their dreams to fly.
Some children grow up in develop nations.
Some children grow up in nations.
Some children grow up without the full love of family and community, and their behavior shows it.
Some children handle guinea pigs.
Some children handle pesticide.
Some children handle pigs.
Some children handle stress and anxiety through sickness.
Some children hang small bags on the side of the bag.
Some children harm daughters.
Some children harm son daughters.
Some children hate sauces while others like sauce on the side for dipping.
Some children hate spiders.
Some children have a bad school year and feel that they are prone to failing.
Some children have a chronic problem finishing homework, doing it neatly - or doing it at all.
Some children have a combination of both b. and c. conditions.
Some children have a complete or partial absence of the thymus gland.
Some children have a condition called sensory integration dysfunction.
Some children have a condition known as pica.
Some children have a decreased number of red blood cells, a condition called iron deficiency anemia.
Some children have a dependent relationship with their teacher.
Some children have a difficult time dealing with changes.
Some children have a fear of being blamed for problems.
Some children have a fear of closed in places and loud noises.
Some children have a fever, abdominal pain, or a vague sick feeling along with their skin blisters.
Some children have a harder time than others recognizing their own feelings.
Some children have a head size which is below the normal range.
Some children have a limited Jewish education and others attend day-schools.
Some children have a more difficult time listening to group instructions and discussions.
Some children have a natural affinity for saving money.
Some children have a natural and seemingly inherent sense of caring and sensitivity.
Some children have a nervous habit of frequent swallowing.
Some children have a partial air leak through the vocal cords aiding some vocalization.
Some children have a reading disadvantage even before they learn to read.
Some children have a speaking valve inserted into their tube.
Some children have a supposed disorder in knowing left and right.
Some children have a vast knowledge of the world.
Some children have a very low threshold of tolerance for written assignments.
Some children have a very short attention span, even without impulsivity and overactivity.
Some children have abdominal pain and diarrhea.
Some children have abdominal pain, hematuria, anorexia, vomiting, weight loss and fever.
Some children have access to their parents' computers and connections to the network.
Some children have accidents, choke to death or have heart attacks.
Some children have achievement problems early in school.
Some children have additional needs because their development is delayed or differs from others.
Some children have adenoids and tonsils problem.
Some children have advantage.
Some children have afternoons.
Some children have allergic reactions, causing bumps on their faces.
Some children have allergies.
Some children have an anaphylactic reaction to peanuts.
Some children have an associated hearing problem, development delay or epilepsy.
Some children have animals.
Some children have asthma symptoms that improve during adolescence, while others worsen.
Some children have asthma.
Some children have attacks after active play or exercise such as gym class.
Some children have attention deficit disorder.
Some children have bad dreams and wake up several times during the night.
Some children have birth certificates.
Some children have birth defects.
Some children have bluish color.
Some children have brain tumors, some have shunts to drain excess fluid from the brain.
Some children have buildups.
Some children have calls.
Some children have cancer.
Some children have carbohydrates.
Some children have cattle.
Some children have certificates.
Some children have chances.
Some children have chronic or recurrent headaches .
Some children have circumstances.
Some children have clay.
Some children have color.
Some children have convulsions or nausea .
Some children have convulsions.
Some children have cultural or language hurdles to over- come.
Some children have cultural or language hurdles to overcome.
Some children have daughters.
Some children have deceased parents and some children live with parents of the same sex.
Some children have defects.
Some children have delays in their general development from infancy.
Some children have depressions.
Some children have desks in their bedrooms for doing their school work.
Some children have developmental disabilities or medical problems that require special attention.
Some children have developmental or physical disabilities.
Some children have diabetes.
Some children have different values.
Some children have difficulties reading - the act of reading gets in the way of the information.
Some children have difficulty becoming members of a new family.
Some children have difficulty expressing their thoughts and feelings.
Some children have difficulty handling more than one concept at a time.
Some children have difficulty interpreting and manipulating the sounds of language.
Some children have difficulty keeping up with their schoolwork because of missed class time.
Some children have difficulty processing language concepts.
Some children have difficulty staying awake during large portions of the school day.
Some children have difficulty staying with the task at hand.
Some children have difficulty swallowing pills and capsules.
Some children have difficulty understanding spoken language or reading nonverbal communication.
Some children have difficulty with auditory figure-ground .
Some children have difficulty with changes.
Some children have difficulty with peers, while others get along easily with classmates.
Some children have difficulty with spoken grammar.
Some children have difficulty with written homework due to visual motor problems.
Some children have disabilities which limit their ability to use one or more of their senses.
Some children have disability.
Some children have disorder.
Some children have divorced parents, while others live with never-married mothers.
Some children have ear pain following tonsillectomy.
Some children have envelopes.
Some children have equal chances.
Some children have equal opportunity.
Some children have exercise-induced asthma and dread gym class.
Some children have exercise-induced asthma, which is caused by varying degrees of exercise.
Some children have eye disorder.
Some children have fears of taking a bath.
Some children have feet that are curved in.
Some children have fevers.
Some children have fluid buildups.
Some children have food allergies.
Some children have great fun rollerblading with their mom.
Some children have green nasal drainage, tonsillitis and fever.
Some children have growth spurts in the later stages of middle childhood.
Some children have guns.
Some children have have seizures.
Some children have head lice.
Some children have headaches, stiff necks, and muscle or joint pains.
Some children have heavy metal.
Some children have high fevers.
Some children have higher blood pressures than others for unknown reasons.
Some children have histories of speech problems or delay of onset of speech.
Some children have illnesses which require a medication called immune globulin.
Some children have injuries.
Some children have intellectual disabilities, others have physical disabilities and some have both.
Some children have intellectual disability.
Some children have intermittent sleep problems through age eight or so.
Some children have issues.
Some children have kids.
Some children have learning disabilities only in specific areas, such as reading or math.
Some children have leaves.
Some children have lice.
Some children have live lice.
Some children have lockers.
Some children have many friends.
Some children have many more than that.
Some children have medical conditions or anatomic problems that prevent certain stretches.
Some children have metabolic disorders, such as poorly controlled diabetes, or hypophosphatasia.
Some children have metabolize carbohydrates.
Some children have metal.
Some children have mild cases of chickenpox and feel quite well during the course of the infection.
Some children have mild, occasional symptoms or only show symptoms after exercising.
Some children have more autistic behaviors in their behavioral repertories than others.
Some children have more problems with the attention, the ability to focus and to learn.
Some children have more serious eye problems.
Some children have more than one petition filed on their behalf for more than one abuse type.
Some children have multiple mutation.
Some children have mutation.
Some children have nightmares more often than others.
Some children have no homes to go to but live on the streets.
Some children have no immediate symptoms, but grow sluggish and moody within a few hours.
Some children have no money of their own to buy what they want.
Some children have no problem with writing, and some hate it.
Some children have no symptoms of rotavirus infection.
Some children have no symptoms.
Some children have no trouble learning to read, spell, and solve math computations.
Some children have nutrition.
Some children have one ear infection after another.
Some children have one infection after another, whereas others never have any.
Some children have one or more small BMs a day, but never empty their intestine.
Some children have one to one or small group teaching from visiting specialists.
Some children have ongoing seizures and swelling of the brain, but deaths are rare.
Some children have only one klae , and some have two.
Some children have operations.
Some children have opportunity.
Some children have other problems which include heart problems and gastroesophageal reflux.
Some children have peanuts.
Some children have peripheral vision good enough to be able to catch a whole page at a glance.
Some children have physical disabilities while others have emotional or behavioral disabilities.
Some children have physical disabilities.
Some children have physical, mental or emotional disabilities.
Some children have pinworms.
Some children have pools in their back yards.
Some children have poor fine motor skills which make page turning difficult.
Some children have poor retention skills and require that all things be learned through association.
Some children have predators.
Some children have problems with bad breath.
Some children have problems with overnutrition.
Some children have problems with sounds in simple words.
Some children have problems with their kidneys.
Some children have prominent associated dizziness.
Some children have recurrent ear infections.
Some children have responsibility.
Some children have rheumatic fevers.
Some children have roles.
Some children have school phobias which manifest as poor school performance.
Some children have seizures only during sleep, a time when they are usually confined in soft places.
Some children have seizures with fevers, and they require immediate medical attention.
Some children have seizures.
Some children have sensitivity to noise.
Some children have several functional disorders.
Some children have severe asthma.
Some children have siblings.
Some children have side effects with psychostimulants.
Some children have significant disability.
Some children have significant intellectual disability.
Some children have sleep disturbances.
Some children have small incisions from the chest tubes.
Some children have some weakness in movement on the affected side of the face.
Some children have special needs.
Some children have status.
Some children have stepfathers.
Some children have style.
Some children have subclinical infections, that is, few or insignificant symptoms.
Some children have success with drug treatments.
Some children have such frequent seizures that they are in myoclonic status epilepticus .
Some children have such frequent seizures that they are in myoclonic status epilepticus.
Some children have syndromes.
Some children have temperaments that are more feisty, difficult, or energetic.
Some children have testes.
Some children have the capacity of more self-directed work, reading and researching on their own.
Some children have the capacity to go easily from one meal to the next without hunger.
Some children have the kind of intelligence that makes it easy for words and letters to sink in.
Some children have their own aide and spend the full day in a regular classroom setting.
Some children have their own images of how pictures can be done.
Some children have to be exposed to a new taste up to a dozen times before they accept it.
Some children have to be given eye-drops or other medication several times a day.
Some children have to be tube fed.
Some children have to go to school without adequate clothing or warm coats.
Some children have to learn from their mistakes, and some simply mature later than others.
Some children have to live with the loss of family members at war or in flight.
Some children have to sleep inbathtubs at night just to be protected from drive-by shootings.
Some children have to work almost full-time just in order to earn enough money to attend school.
Some children have trains.
Some children have trays.
Some children have trouble coping with new situations, and tend to withdraw as a result.
Some children have trouble getting interested in stories other people write.
Some children have trouble.
Some children have tube defects.
Some children have two different-colored irises or a spot of another color in an iris.
Some children have two or three movements daily.
Some children have unusual sensitivities only to certain sounds.
Some children have values.
Some children have very few spots while others are covered.
Some children have very hypersensitive hearing.
Some children have very limited English language skills.
Some children have very mild asthma.
Some children have very restrictive diets or acute food allergies.
Some children have violent reactions to certain vaccines.
Some children have what is called the learned helplessness orientation.
Some children have wounds.
Some children have years.
Some children help children.
Some children help food.
Some children help foster children.
Some children help life.
Some children help places.
Some children help schools.
Some children help spiders.
Some children help their dad to wash the car and get very wet and soapy.
Some children help their dad wash the car and get very wet and soapy.
Some children help with homework.
Some children help with preparation.
Some children hold breaths.
Some children hold hostages.
Some children hold in their sad and angry feelings at first.
Some children hop on a bike and ride off with very few wobbles and spills.
Some children imitate exactly what they have just seen the characters on tv do.
Some children infect with adenoviruses.
Some children infect with pinworms.
Some children influence attitude.
Some children inform adults.
Some children inherit copies.
Some children inherit defects.
Some children inherit immunity.
Some children inherit problems.
Some children inherit the tendency from one or both parents who have high blood pressure.
Some children inherit the tendency toward higher blood pressure from one or both parents.
Some children inherit thrones.
Some children investigate aspects.
Some children involve in care.
Some children join an army for their own protection.
Some children join because of their strong beliefs.
Some children jump to quick and faulty conclusions.
Some children just do things earlier then others.
Some children just feel overwhelmed by the activity or the pressure of an over-packed schedule.
Some children just say their own names and leave it at that.
Some children just seem to have an inner compass.
Some children just sit up in bed and although they seem to be awake, they're actually asleep.
Some children just take more time to start talking.
Some children keep animals.
Some children keep bees.
Some children keep cattle.
Some children keep chickens.
Some children keep horses.
Some children keep pigeons.
Some children keep rabbits.
Some children keep snakes.
Some children kick cats.
Some children kill birds.
Some children kill children.
Some children kill own children.
Some children know problems.
Some children know sign language good and the new ones are just learning.
Some children lack purposes.
Some children later develop other somatic complaints or emotional difficulties.
Some children lead happy life.
Some children lead life.
Some children lead prayer.
Some children lead to growth.
Some children learn about bats.
Some children learn about bees.
Some children learn about beetles.
Some children learn about butterflies.
Some children learn about cattle.
Some children learn about crabs.
Some children learn about dogs.
Some children learn about frogs.
Some children learn about geese.
Some children learn about gerbils.
Some children learn about goats.
Some children learn about monkeys.
Some children learn about penguins.
Some children learn about pigs.
Some children learn about roles.
Some children learn about salmon.
Some children learn about spiders.
Some children learn about turtles.
Some children learn at a sprinters' pace.
Some children learn attitude.
Some children learn baths.
Some children learn best by doing, by experiencing first-hand.
Some children learn best by hearing, others by seeing, and other by doing.
Some children learn best by reading, some by listening, and some through hands-on experiences.
Some children learn best by seeing.
Some children learn best in bright light, but others do significantly better in low light.
Some children learn best in groups.
Some children learn best initially by one method, while others favor the other method.
Some children learn better by themselves or in small groups in private spaces.
Some children learn both methods.
Some children learn by being told.
Some children learn by pretending to teach a doll to go potty.
Some children learn conservation.
Some children learn easiest through hearing and are considered auditory learners.
Some children learn easiest through seeing and are considered visual learners.
Some children learn easiest through touch and movement and are considered kinesthetic learners.
Some children learn energy conservation.
Some children learn existence.
Some children learn faster than others.
Some children learn how to divide numbers best by doing it over and over again.
Some children learn instruments.
Some children learn jacks.
Some children learn more slowly than others.
Some children learn mothers.
Some children learn ranges.
Some children learn that very early.
Some children learn to clear their mouths by taking small drinks between bites.
Some children learn to fish.
Some children learn to identify coins and their values long before they enter grade school.
Some children learn to lip read very well.
Some children learn to manipulate their parents better than others.
Some children learn to read and write with ease.
Some children learn to read before they attend school.
Some children learn to read by tracing letters in a sandbox.
Some children learn to read just by doing it.
Some children learn to read very quickly, while others take longer.
Some children learn to subvert content controls by making their requests in a foreign language.
Some children learn types.
Some children learn very early in life how to behave in order to avoid responsibilities.
Some children learn wheels.
Some children learn without being given systematic, explicit instruction in sounding out words.
Some children leave earlier than others.
Some children leave families.
Some children leave institutions.
Some children leave parks.
Some children leave the regular classroom for their special instruction.
Some children like to attract attention by pulling pranks.
Some children like to chew on and suck ice chips.
Some children like to choose a book or other gift to give to the school on their birthday.
Some children like to cover their faces with a towel during treatment.
Some children like to draw a picture first, and use that as a basis for their writing or dictation.
Some children like to have foods separated on their plates.
Some children like to have their clothes hanging in the closet with like colors together.
Some children like to hear a lot of information while others just want to hear the basic facts.
Some children like to know exactly what is going on during a procedure.
Some children like to play candle, some children like to play matches and lantern.
Some children like to read themselves to sleep using their flashlight, which is perfectly okay.
Some children like to ride horses.
Some children like to slide down on their backs or on their stomachs .
Some children like to slide down on their backs or on their stomachs.
Some children like to stay in touch with old friends.
Some children like to study in the morning, and some late in the night.
Some children like to try new foods.
Some children like to use Indian designs, but others just do their own thing.
Some children like to use photographs of themselves on their Web pages.
Some children like to write a letter or draw a picture to put into the casket.
Some children like to write, and they write a great deal.
Some children limit fluid intake.
Some children limit intake.
Some children listen best even when their hands and eyes are busy.
Some children listen best when they're in a high chair or while strapped in their car seat.
Some children listen better while drawing or playing with a toy.
Some children live happily with pectus carinatum.
Some children live in conditions.
Some children live in homes where they are read to every day.
Some children live in ideal conditions.
Some children live in overcrowd conditions.
Some children live in poverty.
Some children live in the program.
Some children live too far from the nearest school to attend.
Some children live with adults of the same sex filling the parenting roles.
Some children live with only one of their parents or they live with a step-parent.
Some children live with their parents on the streets.
Some children look at an object momentarily and turn away as they reach for it.
Some children look at diagrams.
Some children look at starfishs.
Some children look at the drawing and see the colours of glass that are to be used.
Some children look forward eagerly to starting school and enjoy it from the very first day.
Some children lose dad grandpas.
Some children lose fathers.
Some children lose fear.
Some children lose good habits.
Some children lose grandparents.
Some children lose grandpas.
Some children lose habits.
Some children lose hygiene habits.
Some children lose mothers.
Some children lose oral habits.
Some children lose the antibodies quite early in the first few months of life.
Some children lose track of the fact that reading is supposed to make sense.
Some children lose water.
Some children lose weight, lose their appetite, or have problems falling asleep.
Some children lose weight.
Some children loss lean body mass before they experience a drop in total body weight.
Some children love aquaria.
Some children love caterpillars.
Some children love cattle.
Some children love cows.
Some children love ducks.
Some children love fish.
Some children love fresh carrot juice with added greens.
Some children love little lambs.
Some children love manatees.
Some children love monkeys.
Some children love parrots.
Some children love penguins.
Some children love rabbits.
Some children love school.
Some children love sharks.
Some children love squirrels.
Some children love to count along with the pages and others love to identify the number.
Some children love to design houses, machines, boats, cars, etc.
Some children love to stick with it, others get bored quickly.
Some children love to walk, and walk well with the appropriate gear.
Some children love turtles.
Some children mabe fearful of separation from their loved ones.
Some children maintain a complete split between their everyday life and the abusive episodes.
Some children make difficult pursuits.
Some children make discoveries.
Some children make new discoveries.
Some children make pursuits.
Some children make senses.
Some children make tremendous progress and others make some progress.
Some children manage to persevere in spite of traumatic disadvantage.
Some children masturbate less if they receive extra hugging and cuddling throughout the day.
Some children mature faster than others.
Some children mature gracefully from child to adult.
Some children mature in cognitive skills several years ahead of their peers.
Some children meet conditions.
Some children meet fate.
Some children meet follow conditions.
Some children meet same fate.
Some children misarticulate sounds when they are in the process of developing speech.
Some children misbehave just to get attention.
Some children misjudge the truth about themselves.
Some children miss school because they lack proper equipment.
Some children mix direct talking therapy with play therapy.
Some children move goats.
Some children move homes.
Some children move mothers.
Some children naturally excel in some areas, and show great promise at an early age.
Some children naturally move through material more quickly than others.
Some children never ask.
Some children never display any behavioral effects of sexual abuse.
Some children never do speak.
Some children never get croup while others seem to be plagued by it.
Some children never get over the fear and humiliation.
Some children never grow out of their dinosaur phase.
Some children never learn how to manage themselves and make healthy choices.
Some children never learn to read properly.
Some children never overcome allergies to some foods.
Some children never speak.
Some children never talk, but they speak volumes with their eyes, and with their tiny hands.
Some children notice when their play options are restricted by a toy manufacturer's decision.
Some children now spend up to six years separated from English-only classes.
Some children observe deficiencies.
Some children observe vitamin b deficiencies.
Some children obsess about the red flashing lights and wailing sirens of the police and ambulance.
Some children obtain college scholarships.
Some children obviously model what they see on television.
Some children only act out during subjects they already know.
Some children only get to use a modem during school hours.
Some children only have a few spots and fever.
Some children only have trouble hearing when speech is very faint or far away.
Some children outgrow asthma.
Some children outgrow eczema.
Some children outgrow the problem as they mature.
Some children own cattle.
Some children own horses.
Some children own lizards.
Some children own rabbits.
Some children own reptiles.
Some children panhandle as a way of generating income.
Some children participate and are interested in the story.
Some children participate in sports.
Some children pass the time by scrounging up bullets discarded by the troops.
Some children pay a lot of attention to details and to safety.
Some children pick their nose a lot so they too are more likely to get nosebleeds.
Some children pick up chickens.
Some children pick up lizards.
Some children pick up spiders.
Some children pick up turtles.
Some children place cards.
Some children plant large vegetable gardens.
Some children plant pumpkin seeds, tend the pants and eventually harvest and eat the pumpkins.
Some children plant vegetable gardens.
Some children play games five or six days a week.
Some children play too many violent, socially worthless games.
Some children plug phrases from television, computers and audio tapes into their vocabulary.
Some children point to a rabbit icon on the screen instead.
Some children poke and stall for other reasons.
Some children poke and stall no matter how much their parents try to prevent it.
Some children possess animals.
Some children possess caterpillars.
Some children possess chickens.
Some children possess gerbils.
Some children possess hamsters.
Some children possess lice.
Some children possess pinworms.
Some children possess reptiles.
Some children prefer basils.
Some children prefer fantasy to reality.
Some children prefer smaller more frequent meals.
Some children prefer talking to walking.
Some children prefer to draw first and then dictate the accompanying text.
Some children prefer to study in their own room.
Some children prefer to take their medication privately just before eating.
Some children prefer to work alone, rather than in groups, too.
Some children prefer to work at the kitchen table.
Some children prepare for treatments.
Some children present with a similar history, but milder symptoms and signs.
Some children present with conditions.
Some children present with repeated epistaxis and on evaluation are found to have hypersplenism.
Some children proceed to high schools, and a handful have gone on to professions.
Some children produce lots of ketones during a normal overnight fast.
Some children produce more urine during sleep than others.
Some children progress at different rates than others.
Some children propose answers.
Some children propose possible answers.
Some children protect parents.
Some children protest when they see their parents pick up a phone.
Some children provide descriptions.
Some children provide services.
Some children raise cattle.
Some children raise chickens.
Some children raise chicks.
Some children raise horses.
Some children raise rats.
Some children reach a stage faster, some reach it slower.
Some children reach consensus.
Some children reach developmental milestones earlier than others.
Some children react by holding back their feces and become constipated.
Some children react in the opposite way to sedation.
Some children react to moves by acting out, and disrupting the days of all their classmates.
Some children react to stress by eating too much, being less active and getting too fat.
Some children react well to reduced time pressure in their daily routine.
Some children read accurately but have difficulty with comprehension.
Some children read earlier than others.
Some children read magazines.
Some Children realise the reality of the dangers, and control themselves.
Some children receive benefits.
Some children receive chemotherapy.
Some children receive disorder.
Some children receive education only after mental health professionals have worked with the problem.
Some children receive health disorder.
Some children receive mental disorder.
Some children receive monthly benefits.
Some children receive no other guidance but for what they get at school.
Some children receive several times the recommended dosages.
Some children receive special services from a therapist in a child care setting.
Some children receive three of four injections a week, while other receive daily injections.
Some children recognize problems.
Some children recover from dehydration sooner than others.
Some children recover naturally from stuttering.
Some children refuse discipline from their parents.
Some children refuse foods with any texture or won t eat anything.
Some children refuse solid foods.
Some children refuse to eat or nap at first.
Some children refuse to take in such uninteresting, dead nourishment at all.
Some children refuse to wake up on a cold morning to go to school.
Some children regress after a younger sibling is born.
Some children regress in their behavior when a new child arrives.
Some children relax from the motion of a washing machine in use.
Some children relax if there is a radio playing soothing music.
Some children relax to float face up.
Some children release their frustration by acting contrary, starting fights, or destroying property.
Some children remain here their whole childhood.
Some children remain in foster homes.
Some children remain in homes.
Some children remain in the same neighborhood as their parents and even work in the family business.
Some children repeatedly get themselves in trouble at school and at home.
Some children report add salt.
Some children report add table salt.
Some children report bonds.
Some children report salt.
Some children report table salt.
Some children reportedly shine the beam into moving vehicles, creating a traffic hazard.
Some children request a hug or a handshake after all treatments or procedures.
Some children require a cast to help stretch out tendons and muscles.
Some children require a second surgery, depending on the complexity of the syndactyly .
Some children require amounts.
Some children require an extensive amount of dental work.
Some children require assessment from a number of developmental specialists.
Some children require case management.
Some children require hospitalization for lead poisoning.
Some children require insulin before lunch to prevent high blood sugars.
Some children require invasive procedures.
Some children require long term supervision.
Some children require management.
Some children require medicine all year-round for their allergies.
Some children require more assistance than others.
Some children require more guidance and reinforcement than others.
Some children require more than others.
Some children require more training and adaptations than others, but all are capable of success.
Some children require only a few weeks of therapy, whereas others require many months.
Some children require procedures.
Some children require something extra before they turn five.
Some children require treatments.
Some children require very special help and guidance.
Some children require visuals, audio or touching and feeling something to learn.
Some children respond badly to certain fruit drinks or other foods.
Some children respond best at home.
Some children respond to a cool washcloth across the forehead or being gently repositioned.
Some children respond to anger by repressing their feelings.
Some children respond to approaches.
Some children respond to being given complete control of the spoon.
Some children respond to diets.
Some children respond to disasters.
Some children respond to violence with fear, anxiety and withdrawal or cling to their teachers.
Some children respond well to lower doses, but sometimes several ounces a day are needed.
Some children respond well to make-believe stories while others prefer to keep mainly to the facts.
Some children respond well to the system of educational coercion.
Some children respond well to treatment.
Some children return in the fall knowing less.
Some children return to employment.
Some children return to the classroom after summer vacation primed to learn.
Some children ride animals.
Some children ride horses.
Some children ride ponies.
Some children ride to school on a bus.
Some children rock back and forth without moving an inch.
Some children run homes.
Some children rush through their homework but do it thoroughly and correctly.
Some children say it feels like an elephant is standing on their chest.
Some children say little, but are profoundly changed as a result.
Some children say that finger sticks hurt as much as bigger needles.
Some children say the same phrase in a variety of different situations.
Some children scowl, some look at the floor and some wave to others across the room.
Some children scream and cry over seemingly little things.
Some children see a word and say a word.
Some children see babies.
Some children see bags.
Some children see bald eagles.
Some children see boards.
Some children see death.
Some children see eagles.
Some children see heat.
Some children see plastic bags.
Some children see their asthma go into remission for years, only to return later in life.
Some children see violence.
Some children seek cases.
Some children seek turtles.
Some children seem destined for success and some seem doomed for failure.
Some children seem destined to it.
Some children seem shy almost from birth.
Some children seem to be more prone to developing tonsillitis than others.
Some children seem to enjoy playing in public, while others dread it.
Some children seem to get many ear infections.
Some children seem to have a short fuse.
Some children seem to learn best with a phonics approach and others with whole language.
Some children seem to learn to read as if by magic, while others labor to complete a basic passage.
Some children seem to never sit still, while others seem happy to sit down with a book.
Some children seem to spend their entire childhood testing all the boundaries.
Some children seem to suffer no ill-effects from retention.
Some children seem to train themselves to wake up in order to received parental attention.
Some children sell rabbits.
Some children share books.
Some children share drink bottles - and even lollipops with other children.
Some children share godparents.
Some children share rooms.
Some children share their toothbrushes with other family members.
Some children shed intermittently.
Some children shoot mammals.
Some children shoot rabbits.
Some children show appreciation.
Some children show cognitive impairment.
Some children show concepts.
Some children show desire.
Some children show dominant phenotypes.
Some children show exposure.
Some children show growth patterns.
Some children show impairment.
Some children show intellectual impairment.
Some children show less systemic exposure.
Some children show measurable impairment.
Some children show patterns.
Some children show phenotypes.
Some children show significance.
Some children show signs of being a caretaker and rule-maker.
Some children show systemic exposure.
Some children show up hungry, often having missed more than one meal that day.
Some children shy away from sports because they're afraid of failure or easily frustrated.
Some children sing hymns.
Some children sit in desks.
Some children sit on seesaws.
Some children sleep better with their parents.
Some children sleep in big groups.
Some children sleep very little at night.
Some children sleep with their mouths open.
Some children spend considerable energy in physical movement while others are passive and calm.
Some children spend limited time with their families.
Some children spend months or even years on antibiotics, with recurring ear infections.
Some children spend nearly four hours on the road every day.
Some children spend part of their time at a local public or private school, or a nearby college.
Some children stand on chairs.
Some children stand.
Some children start asking questions when they're four or five years old.
Some children start dating in early teens.
Some children start even younger.
Some children start puberty.
Some children start the school year with dread.
Some children start vomiting along with diarrhoea.
Some children start with a lump of clay and make their form by pulling out parts from the clay.
Some children start withholding stool when toilet training begins.
Some children stay for only days, others remain in detention for weeks and months.
Some children stay in camps.
Some children stay in foster care for a few days or weeks but some stay for years.
Some children stay in foster care for weeks, some for years.
Some children stay in foster care throughout their teen years.
Some children stay in the dormitories, and some stay with their parents at their homes.
Some children stay on the waiting list for three or more years.
Some children stay with foster parents only a day or two.
Some children still go door to door, but mostly to homes where they know the occupants.
Some children still manage to sometimes sneak away and play with fire.
Some children still require diapers during the day and night.
Some children still wet the bed at night.
Some children struggle with reading problems where the cause is readily identifiable.
Some children struggling in school have extremely advanced visual-spatial abilities.
Some children study academic subjects in special education.
Some children study artifacts.
Some children study birds.
Some children study butterflies.
Some children study dinosaurs.
Some children study metamorphosis.
Some children suffer adverse effects.
Some children suffer death.
Some children suffer effects.
Some children suffer emotional problems from persistent discord or constant tension in the home.
Some children suffer emotional scars.
Some children suffer from allergies.
Some children suffer from asthma.
Some children suffer from brain damage, poor motor skills coordination, and damaged kidneys.
Some children suffer from coughs.
Some children suffer from depressions.
Some children suffer from diseases.
Some children suffer from liver diseases.
Some children suffer from peanut allergies.
Some children suffer from problems.
Some children suffer from rare diseases.
Some children suffer from recurrent ear infections or persistent fluid in the middle ear.
Some children suffer from what used to be called overanxious disorder.
Some children suffer from whoop coughs.
Some children suffer injuries.
Some children suffer more than one type of maltreatment.
Some children suffer neglect and abuse in overt ways, which result in physical and emotional damage.
Some children suffer scars.
Some children suffer serious scarring.
Some children suggest sheep they have seen.
Some children support whole families by scavenging.
Some children swam in the swimming pool.
Some children tackle homework assignments without complaint.
Some children take a few days to recover.
Some children take a low dose of medicine for months, or even years.
Some children take extra time to blend sounds together, for example, tree, plane and desk.
Some children take longer than others to learn the times tables.
Some children take longer than others.
Some children take longer to feel comfortable with certain foods.
Some children take medicine just before exercise.
Some children take months to accept the disclosure.
Some children take more time than necessary getting dressed.
Some children take regular doses, and others take the medicine as needed.
Some children take supplemental vitamins.
Some children take tests.
Some children take the examination from kindergarten students.
Some children take their first steps at ten months, others at fourteen months.
Some children take toys or other objects apart out of curiosity.
Some children take up with the strangest things.
Some children take vitamins.
Some children taking antibiotics develop diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, or a rash.
Some children talk about concern.
Some children talk late.
Some children talk more than others about adoption because they are more verbal.
Some children talk with experts.
Some children tell social workers they had seen frequent drug use and criminal activity.
Some children tell their mother after they have wet.
Some children tend to be perfectionists and take additional time to make sure everything is perfect.
Some children tend to follow the crowd instead of doing what they know is right.
Some children think animals live only on land.
Some children think coming to church is boring.
Some children think that going to the hospital is a punishment for doing something bad.
Some children think that going to the hospital is punishment for doing something bad.
Some children think that teachers are just supposed to act like teachers.
Some children think they can get their parents back together.
Some children thrash and yell.
Some children thrive in a more competitive environment found in traditional team sports.
Some children thrive in larger programs and others do better in a smaller setting.
Some children thrive on nonfiction.
Some children tilt their heads to get the visual material at an ideal angle.
Some children touch turtles.
Some children train readily.
Some children transfer schools after being placed in foster care.
Some children travel independently' while others are accompanied by their parents.
Some children travel up to two hours one way to school each day.
Some children treat elders with respect, while others refuse to visit a grandparent who is ill.
Some children try to avoid difficult situations by running away.
Some children try to escape the misery, only to be swallowed by fierce tides.
Some children try to hide their sadness to protect their parents.
Some children try to leave their hands in the water for an especially long time.
Some children turn to brothers or sisters or to friends.
Some children twiddle their hair, or pull their ear lobes, or rub one finger until it is almost raw.
Some children undergo growth hormone treatments.
Some children undergo hand surgery.
Some children undergo rites.
Some children undergo surgeries that permanently change their appearance.
Some children undergo surgery.
Some children undergo therapy.
Some children undergo treatments.
Some children understand components.
Some children understand death.
Some children understand key components.
Some children understand mortality.
Some children understand own mortality.
Some children understand own personal mortality.
Some children understand spoken language but have difficulty expressing themselves.
Some children use approaches.
Some children use cameras.
Some children use digital cameras.
Some children use fire to express feelings such as anger and frustration.
Some children use godparents.
Some children use hazard index approaches.
Some children use keys.
Some children use magnifiers.
Some children use only primitive gestures as a means of communication.
Some children use only their eyes to choose a correct answer.
Some children use ovens.
Some children use play as a distraction from thinking about anxiety producing feelings.
Some children use soiling as a way to control things or to get extra attention.
Some children use string.
Some children use the opportunity to assert their independence by refusing to eat.
Some children use very little jargon.
Some children use vitamins.
Some children verbally abuse their teachers.
Some children visit animals.
Some children visit butterflies.
Some children visit insects.
Some children visit sites.
Some children visit turtles.
Some children visit twice a month, some once a month, some never at all.
Some children visit zoos.
Some children vomit after a coughing spell.
Some children wait a few years for a match.
Some children wait for caterpillars.
Some children wait for cats.
Some children wait for ducks.
Some children wait for ponies.
Some children wait for rabbits.
Some children wait over six months for a sponsor.
Some children wake up screaming and slapping their arms because they're being bitten by fleas.
Some children walk all the way home for a hot lunch, and then all the way back to school.
Some children walk over two miles to school.
Some children walk when they are seven months old.
Some children watch ants.
Some children watch bats.
Some children watch bees.
Some children watch birds.
Some children watch caterpillars.
Some children watch cats.
Some children watch cattle.
Some children watch chickens.
Some children watch chicks.
Some children watch crabs.
Some children watch foxes.
Some children watch gardens.
Some children watch geese.
Some children watch goats.
Some children watch horses.
Some children watch lizards.
Some children watch mammals.
Some children watch manatees.
Some children watch owls.
Some children watch parrots.
Some children watch penguins.
Some children watch pigeons.
Some children watch pigs.
Some children watch snakes.
Some children watch turkeys.
Some children watch whales.
Some children wear diapers.
Some children wear items made of paper or carry paper bags.
Some children wear protection.
Some children wear sun protection.
Some children weigh kgs.
Some children welcome adult involvement, while others prefer to work alone.
Some children welcome change.
Some children withdraw from life.
Some children work at a fast pace while others work at a slow pace.
Some children work better with a little, low-level background noise.
Some children work in business.
Some children work in factories, some polish shoes work in fields.
Some children work instead of going to school.
Some children work on construction.
Some children work on improving specific sounds that they have difficulty hearing and saying.
Some children work on mathematical methods, while others practice keyboarding.
Some children work well with quiet background music.
Some children work with dogs.
Some children worry about being abandoned by the caretaking parent.
Some children worry all of the time.
Some children worry that they did something wrong to make their biological parents leave.
Some children write invitation.
Some children write with their left hand but have a dominant right for other tasks.
Childbirth classes are invaluable.
Childbirth classes can help with that.
Childbirth classes offer information in how and what to eat.
Many childbirth classes talk about breast-feeding.
Most childbirth classes teach basic breathing techniques.
Childbirth contractions stop when the baby is out of the mother's body.
Childbirth education is far more than learning to relax and breathe through contractions.
Childbirth education is most effective when it teaches yielding instead of control.
Most childbirth educators use ideas from all three schools of thought.
Some childbirth educators are willing to give labor support too.
Childbirth expenses can be extremely high if there are complications.
Every childbirth experience is unique.
Childbirth information is more personal than an anatomy lesson.
Childbirth pain is different.
Childbirth rates are currently low in Sweden.
Childbirth affects mothers.
Childbirth has skills.
Childbirth isa process.
Most childbirth has skills.
Childcare provision varies from college to college.
Childcare situations are a common scenario for sexual abuse.
Childcare space is limited, so register early.
Most childcare workers are women.
Childcare begins for children who are aged two and older.
Childcare enables adults to participate in discussions and presentations.
Childcare is a service
Childcare is services.
Childcare works best in a community of volunteers, friends, and supporters of all kinds.
Most childcare occurs at the child's home.
Some childcare is available while groups are in session.
Childcentric views perpetuate in the minds of the young generation.
Childhood aggression is very stable over time and predicts a number of poor adolescent outcomes.
Childhood amnesia refers to the inability of people to retrieve memories from early childhood.
Childhood blindness is caused by a variety of conditions, including congenital cataract.
Childhood cancer changes life at home for everyone in the family.
Childhood cancer creates conflicting emotions in siblings.
Childhood cancer cuts across all social, economic and ethnic differences.
Childhood cancer has a devastating effect on the entire family.
Childhood cancer has long-lasting effects on siblings.
Childhood cancer is different from adult cancer.
Childhood cancer is different.
Childhood cancer is extremely rare.
Childhood cancer is far more treatable than adult cancers.
Childhood cancer is often difficult to recognize.
Childhood cancer is on the rise.
Childhood cancer is perhaps one of the saddest situations that a child can be in.
Childhood cancer is the leading cause of death from disease in children in the United States today.
Childhood cancer is thought to be due to inheriting one mutant gene from one of the parents.
Childhood cancers are cancers that primarily affect children, teens and young adults.
Childhood cancers are six times higher than the national average.
Childhood cancers demand specialized treatment.
Childhood cancers strike different parts of the body in different ways.
Childhood days are over and high school days are past.
Childhood depression can lead to school failure, alcohol or other drug use, and even suicide.
Childhood depression is a disturbingly common phenomenon.
Childhood depression is a serious problem that demands a serious treatment approach.
Childhood depression is noteworthy for some age specific features, including acting out.
Childhood depression is real, common and just as treatable in young people as it is in adults.
Childhood depression is very difficult to recognize.
Childhood depression resembles adult depression, but there are some differences.
Childhood development is incredible.
Childhood development is offered in conjunction with the education department.
Childhood diseases are still a major threat.
Childhood diseases can play havoc in a large family.
Many childhood diseases involve genetic mutations of the skin.
Some childhood diseases are characterized by fevers.
Some childhood diseases are characterized by sudden fevers.
Some childhood diseases can cause heart problems or brain damage.
Some childhood diseases deliver more than aches and pains.
Childhood food allergies have impact.
Childhood food allergies have significant impact.
Childhood friends become strangers overnight.
Childhood friends go to schools.
Childhood friends paint a different picture of a woman they say was strong willed and independent.
Most childhood friends go to schools.
Some childhood friends observe yogis.
Childhood heros wear capes.
Childhood immunization is an example of such a program.
Childhood immunization is one means of decreasing the cases of preventable diseases.
Childhood immunization is recommended.
Childhood immunizations are a safe and effective way to keep children from getting sick.
Childhood immunizations are a vital part of children's health care.
Childhood immunizations are available on a walk-in basis weekdays.
Childhood immunizations are available on all clinic days.
Childhood immunizations can prevent many diseases, such as measles, mumps, and even chicken pox.
Childhood immunizations consist advice least dozen vaccinations given.
Childhood immunizations consist least dozen vaccinations given.
Childhood immunizations do prevent disease.
Childhood immunizations help make certain that Kansas children have a bright, healthy future.
Most childhood immunizations occur before age two.
Childhood leukaemia is a cruel disease, and parents are naturally keen to find the cause.
Childhood leukemia is no longer a death sentence.
Childhood leukemia occurs broadly and evenly across many populations.
Childhood leukemias are mostly acute, with the lymphocytic form predominating.
Childhood malnutrition is common and contributes to the global burden of disease .
Childhood memories are always so nebulous.
Childhood memories are sweet.
Childhood memories are very powerful.
Some childhood memories are pricier than others, it seems.
Childhood nutrition influences birth weight.
Childhood nutrition influences weight.
Childhood obesity appears to be the main reason for the increase in diabetes among youngsters.
Childhood obesity can lead to adult obesity and chronic health problems.
Childhood obesity elevates blood pressure and total cholesterol independent of physical activity.
Childhood obesity is a complex health issue.
Childhood obesity is a major public health problem.
Childhood obesity is a problem because it is an important predictor of adult obesity.
Childhood obesity is a serious problem that increases a child s risk for adulthood diseases.
Childhood obesity is already the leading cause of sustained high blood pressure in children.
Childhood obesity is associated with various health-related consequences.
Childhood obesity is at an all time high.
Childhood obesity is at epidemic levels.
Childhood obesity is caused by a variety of factors.
Childhood obesity is caused by many factors.
Childhood obesity is on the increase and gaining attention both in Canada and worldwide.
Childhood obesity is on the increase.
Childhood obesity is related to many of the same cardiovascular risk factors as is adult obesity.
Childhood obesity is the most visible consequence of a diet lacking in healthy choices.
Childhood poverty continues to be a serious problem in the United States.
Childhood poverty is down.
Childhood poverty is insidious and immoral.
Childhood schizophrenia is still a difficult problem to treat and causes much suffering.
Childhood trauma can cause the disruption of basic developmental tasks.
Childhood trauma needs to be released if the sufferer is to regain full health and happiness.
Childhood traumas block our ability to fully experience the mystical.
Childhood traumas shape adult life.
Most childhood trauma comes from the long slow years of repetitive hurt and loss.
Childhood years are vital to our total existence.
Childhood begins after the baby's first birthday and continues until the teens.
Childhood can be hell.
Childhood can leave it's own Scars.
Childhood causes of adult diseases.
Childhood diabetes in Finland study group.
Childhood diseases devastate children of all cultures, all economic levels.
Childhood diseases like measles, chicken pox and mumps can also be fatal to small monkeys.
Childhood diseases like poliomyelitis and diphtheria are absent.
Childhood disturbances, schizophrenia, depression, addiction, and suicide.
Childhood dream to visit Wyoming.
Childhood dreams, after all, very often have the inconvenient quality of being childish.
Childhood ends when a chronic illness begins.
Childhood ends when a human being begins puberty .
Childhood ends when a human being begins puberty.
Childhood experiences such as a previous general anesthetic.
Childhood flies, after all.
Childhood gives way to maturity, in physical, mental, and emotional development.
Childhood goes by very fast.
Childhood goes by very quickly.
Childhood has (part) latency periods.
Childhood has (part) latency phases.
Childhood has (part) latency stages.
Childhood has effects.
Childhood has endless sparkling expectations and a smile as wide as a summer night.
Childhood has no past.
Childhood has ripple effects.
Childhood haunts the adult universe as a subtle and deadly presence.
Childhood headaches Neurogenetic diseases Behavioral disorders, including autism.
Childhood here serves as the measure of adult defotmity.
Childhood involves more change, more risk, and perhaps more stress, than any other period of life.
Childhood is a carefree, cossetted time.
Childhood is a constant in their correspondence.
Childhood is a critical period for bone development, essential for life-long bone health.
Childhood is a crucial time for the development of emotional acumen.
Childhood is a golden age, a paradise of innocence and dreams.
Childhood is a later historical creation.
Childhood is a most critical stage of life.
Childhood is a nightmare.
Childhood is a period of short-lived dreams and fancies.
Childhood is a period of special protection and rights.
Childhood is a period
Childhood is a reflection of adulthood.
Childhood is a relatively short period in life, and yet it is a time for much learning.
Childhood is a rich source for our work.
Childhood is a short and precious time.
Childhood is a short, sweet season.
Childhood is a special time.
Childhood is a time for learning first by seeing, then by hearing and reading.
Childhood is a time for learning skills.
Childhood is a time for learning, and learning comes first by seeing, then by hearing and reading.
Childhood is a time of endless wonder and imagination.
Childhood is a time of great discovery and of learning.
Childhood is a time of great uncertainty and children seek comfort and understanding in their lives.
Childhood is a time of intensive, continuous learning.
Childhood is a time of play and no child of restricting parents ever gets enough play.
Childhood is a time of wonder, exploration, and accomplishment.
Childhood is a time to be free, to explore the world, to laugh, to feel good.
Childhood is a time to grow and be active and learn naturally.
Childhood is a time to grow, to experience, to discover, to know, to be.
Childhood is a time to play Happy times to learn Without parents who like to burn.
Childhood is a time when everything is new, wondrous and terrifying.
Childhood is a time when linguistic skills are most easily acquired.
Childhood is a toad in the garden, a happy toad.
Childhood is a transient stage in human life.
Childhood is a unique and valuable stage in the life cycle.
Childhood is a very special time and no one gets a second chance at it.
Childhood is a young person's everyday reality.
Childhood is accelerated.
Childhood is alive in a way that poetry is alive.
Childhood is also the best time to develop a native-like accent when learning a new language.
Childhood is also the most critical time for learning, growing and building.
Childhood is ambigous.
Childhood is an important time for tooth and bone development.
Childhood is an important time in the development of an individual.
Childhood is an impressionable time.
Childhood is both the most important and the most vulnerable period of life.
Childhood is characterized by rapid physical and mental growth.
Childhood is diffident.
Childhood is emphasized to complement the more adult focussed material in the other courses.
Childhood is especially perishable in war.
Childhood is even shorter.
Childhood is fairy tale and wondering.
Childhood is finite and, once lost, irreplaceable.
Childhood is finite.
Childhood is for learning and having fun.
Childhood is generally a time of innocence.
Childhood is how the human future begins.
Childhood is immaturity.
Childhood is in many ways without reasons.
Childhood is just the start, of a beautiful and unique work of art.
Childhood is like a cool summer breeze.
Childhood is marked by acquisition and rapid development of language skills.
Childhood is marked by strong dependence on one's parents.
Childhood is meant to be shared, especially with other kids.
Childhood is meant to be the happiest time of one's life.
Childhood is measured out by sounds and smells and sights, before the dark hour of reason grows.
Childhood is measured out by sounds, smells, and sights, before the dark hour of reason grows.
Childhood is no longer fun.
Childhood is nothing more then a dress rehearsal for the big play called life.
Childhood is one of the most important times in a person's life.
Childhood is part of human life.
Childhood is perhaps the most karmic period of life.
Childhood is precious.
Childhood is presented as a tough, cruel and unfair part of life.
Childhood is recognised as being a cultural construction which is temporally and spatially defined.
Childhood is rich with opportunity.
Childhood is sacrificed and women are left to mourn the death of their children.
Childhood is shattered.
Childhood is shorter.
Childhood is singles.
Childhood is so brief, and there is only one opportunity for the perfect wedding day.
Childhood is speculative.
Childhood is still within reach, a reliable resource they are often reluctant to let go of.
Childhood is such a nightmare.
Childhood is such a rich time, when the imagination is really alive.
Childhood is supposed to be a happy, carefree time of life.
Childhood is the always already past.
Childhood is the best time to begin sun safety habits.
Childhood is the birthplace of our first career aspirations.
Childhood is the culture in which individual development occurs.
Childhood is the first place to start.
Childhood is the foundation that lasts a lifetime.
Childhood is the ideal time to instill lifelong healthy habits regarding sun safety.
Childhood is the most important time to nurture curiosity and learning.
Childhood is the perfect time to change all that.
Childhood is the prime time for human development.
Childhood is the real thing.
Childhood is the Sowing stage.
Childhood is the time to begin developing the framework.
Childhood is the time to begin the development of active and healthy lifestyles.
Childhood is the time to begin to prevent adult-onset cardiovascular disease.
Childhood is the time when character is formed for life.
Childhood is time to give kids best head start.
Childhood is to be a time of innocence.
Childhood is too important.
Childhood is too precious to spend with unhappy parents.
Childhood is traditionally a wonderful time for Inuit.
Childhood is valued.
Childhood is very short.
Childhood is where humanity begins.
Childhood is where it all begins - the magic, the adventure and the pure joy of story.
Childhood is where that appreciation starts.
Childhood is without a doubt the best time in life.
Childhood is, in other words, very much like adulthood.
Childhood isa period.
Childhood lasts for only a fleeting moment in the scope of a lifetime.
Childhood lasts such a short time and then it is over.
Childhood lead exposure is widespread.
Childhood lead poisoing prevention information.
Childhood lead poisoning disproportionately affects poor and minority children.
Childhood lead poisoning in Brooklyn.
Childhood lead poisoning in young children still remains a problem in some local areas.
Childhood lead poisoning news from Washington.
Childhood lead poisoning prevention information.
Childhood lead poisoning remains a major, preventable environmental health problem.
Childhood memories almost always abound with outside activities, and it's the same for our children.
Childhood memories from along the beaches of the Gulf Coast are a resource for the imagery.
Childhood play is often concerned with the management of the appearance of sincerity.
Childhood possesses yet another utility.
Childhood refers to the period of human development from infancy through adolescence.
Childhood remains a privileged time to stimulate creativity and develop a love of learning.
Childhood reminders to eat carrots can pay off.
Childhood seems to be where most problems start.
Childhood seems to pass so quickly and is full of new toys and preoccupations.
Childhood shows the man, as morning shows the day.
Childhood spans only a few years, but the effects last for a lifetime.
Childhood starts from birth to adolescence and at every step a child goes through a phase of risk.
Childhood Tell a bedtime story.
Childhood then becomes a nightmare from which there can never be a guiding light.
Childhood yields to adolescence which gives way to adulthood.
Childhood usually ends.
Many childhood diseases such as cystic fibrosis are the result of defective genes.
Most childhood has effects.
Most childhood has ripple effects.
Most childhood heros wear capes.
Some childhoods can even be exploitative in nature.
Childish behavior can interfere with the productivity of the workplace.
Childish concerns can seem so heartwarming and petty at the same time.
Childish faith is important.
Childish laughter leaves the lips, as crisp breezes lift the soul away.
Childish Things tells a good story about characters who evoke one s sympathy.
Childish ways lead to childish minds.
Some childless couples have very rich lives and are perfectly happy without children.
Many childless people go to the ombiasy for advice.
Many childless people have no clue about the damage two toddlers can inflict in ten minutes.
Some childless women find gratification in a strong marriage.
Childlessness is a situation
Childlessness is examined in relation to other life domains.
Childlessness is praised and nursing is abhorred.
Childlike behavior can lead to more creative thoughts and actions.
Childlike pleasures are simple and inexpensive.
Childproof connectors hold panels tightly to standard pegboard backs.
Childproof latches keep kids out, but also keep glass in.
Childproof tops are ideal.
Children classes are available for both the services.
Children discounts apply.
Chile cheese has lots of zip, and the olive bread makes a strong statement.
Chile macho is simply the latest trend in the barbecue culture.
Chile names are very confusing and as varied as the chiles themselves.
Chile nomenclature can become confusing because chiles have two names.
Chile page offers a variety of information on the country.
Chile paste adds a kick to rich tomato-based soups, such as cioppino or seafood stews.
Chile pepper has complex flavor.
Chile pepper has flavor.
Chile pepper is a common name given to the pungent chile cultivars.
Chile pepper is pepper.
Chile peppers are common, too.
Chile peppers are notoriously hot.
Chile peppers are rich in vitamins A and E, as well as contain carotene.
Chile peppers are the defining ingredient, but the type and amount vary wildly.
Chile peppers are the fruit of a perennial plant related to the nightshade.
Chile peppers are today as much a part of Mexican life as ever.
Chile peppers are used as red, green, fresh, dried and smoked.
Most chile pepper has complex flavor.
Most chile pepper has flavor.
Chile powder is generally an anemic mixture of mild chile peppers, cumin, oregano, salt, and garlic.
Chile quality can change from year to year, even when using the same seed in the same field.
Chile seeds are less sun tolerant and prefer partial shade.
Chile travel is exciting with our customizable tours.
A chile is hot pepper
Chile also gains independence.
Chile also has a trade liberalization agreement with Bolivia.
Chile also moves up in the standings.
Chile also produces nitrate, which is used in explosives and fertilizers, to name a few.
Chile also produces some sherry and port types as well as vermouth.
Chile also tests kids in grades four and eight and gathers background info on families.
Chile are all-inclusive.
Chile bans all abortions, and obtaining or performing an abortion is punishable by imprisonment.
Chile becomes a member.
Chile being the string bean country, one usually travels north or south.
Chile believes the main problems are socioeconomic rather than technological.
Chile boasts also the strongest economy in Latin America.
Chile can be a leader in that process.
Chile can claim some economic success.
Chile claims the area as the nearest sovereign.
Chile contains a complete range of driving conditions, from snow and ice to hot sandy deserts.
Chile contains the Southern Hemisphere's largest remaining coastal temperate rain forest.
Chile continues to suffer from several serious social and economic maladies.
Chile currently accounts for the largest investment by awg plc outside the United Kingdom.
Chile declares independence.
Chile demands high levels of adaptation with respect to most strategies, with Taiwan a close second.
Chile deserves the same rights as any other country.
Chile dominate the carcass exports to Mexico.
Chile enjoys a privileged position in South America.
Chile exerts everything in order to provide another surprise.
Chile faces Uruguay and Venezuela plays Colombia in the other games.
Chile features a huge variety of climates and landscapes.
Chile grows as a perennial shrub in suitable climatic conditions.
Chile has a level of extreme poverty that is far worse than other countries in Latin America.
Chile has a long-established relationship with Washington state.
Chile has a Mediterranean climate and has potential.
Chile has a presidential system of government.
Chile has a sophisticated, well developed forest products industry.
Chile has a stable government and a strong economy.
Chile has a strong trade union movement.
Chile has a very open investment environment with no significant barriers.
Chile has abundant native bamboo resources, but no rattan as of yet.
Chile has an automatic answering system that operates in Spanish.
Chile has an elected national parliament.
Chile has an extraordinarily large middleclass for a Latin American country.
Chile has everything and it possesses great natural beauty.
Chile has excelent national and international bus service.
Chile has excellent seafood due to the climate and the Pacific having very cold water.
Chile has five national broadcast television networks.
Chile has four seasons, but at the opposite months of North America.
Chile has free trade agreements with most Latin American countries, Mexico and Canada.
Chile has great qualities, which are in different settings.
Chile has laws to limit discrimination against women in the workplace.
Chile has literally hundreds of environmental laws on the books.
Chile has many other distinguishing characteristics.
Chile has more limited capacity for expansion but a positive trade and investment environment.
Chile has no specific legislation to regulate the development and use of biotechnology.
Chile has no standards for emissions and environmental quality.
Chile has no territories or colonies.
Chile has numerous universities, some of which are renowned throughout Latin America.
Chile has one of the best health care systems in Latin America.
Chile has one of the highest levels of literacy in Latin America.
Chile has possibly one of the world's most ideal climates for growing grapes.
Chile has practically no barriers to exports, and enforces no protectionists policies.
Chile has the greatest concentration of large telescopes in the southern hemisphere.
Chile has the perfect social security program.
Chile has the same approach.
Chile has to be unified.
Chile has two new systems in place which are digitised.
Chile hearsay admissibility.
Chile holds a special place in the annals of American foreign policy.
Chile inhabits the extreme end of the world and is a very special country.
Chile is a beautiful country with a fascinating history.
Chile is a case in point.
Chile is a completely different place today than it was twenty years ago.
Chile is a country with extreme poverty, and many of the poor previously had no access to water.
Chile is a dagger pointed at the heart of Antarctica.
Chile is a democracy as other countries throughout the Americas are democracies.
Chile is a fascinating country.
Chile is a good example.
Chile is a great food source.
Chile is a greatly populated area with many heat qualities.
Chile is a labor intensive crop.
Chile is a land of poets.
Chile is a large fruit exporter, and Colombia the second largest cut-flower exporter in the world.
Chile is a major exporter of fruit and vegetable, mainly grapes, nectarines and apples.
Chile is a major producer of copper, most of which occurs in base metal porphyry and manto deposits.
Chile is a major supplier to the U.S. of winter fresh fruit and an important supplier of juices.
Chile is a major woodchip exporter and a minor pulplog exporter.
Chile is a narrow country with a big heart.
Chile is a powerhouse of development in many sectors.
Chile is a prime example of the effects of mass production.
Chile is a prime example.
Chile is a proud, melting-pot nation of fascinating history and intriguing Spanish culture.
Chile is a relatively crime-free country and private property is respected.
Chile is a relatively inexpensive country, but it certainly isn t cheap.
Chile is a remarkable country.
Chile is a small country on the coast of South America.
Chile is a strange country with a peculiar type of democracy where everyone rules except the people.
Chile is a thriving democracy whose similarities with Canada go beyond geographical beauty.
Chile is a unitary republic with a democratic presidential system.
Chile is a valued partner on the world stage.
Chile is a very long, thin country that is located in the extreme southwest of South America.
Chile is a well educated country.
Chile is actually a pretty safe place for the tourist.
Chile is addictive.
Chile is allocated ten per cent of the observing time.
Chile is also a country with a fiber surplus.
Chile is also on a subduction zone.
Chile is also our personal hunting dog.
Chile is also rich in molybdenum, manganese, iron ore, nitrates, iodine, lithium and coal.
Chile is also the major player in the region in the wood chip export industry.
Chile is also the only country of any size consisting of just a coast and no interior.
Chile is among the longest north-south countries in the world.
Chile is an active and prosperous member of the global economy.
Chile is an amazing land of unparalleled natural wonders.
Chile is an associate member.
Chile is an easier place for women to conduct business than other parts of South America.
Chile is an essential ingredient.
Chile is an exception.
Chile is an interesting case study.
Chile is another case in point.
Chile is as geographically isolated as it is diverse.
Chile is Chemistry.
Chile is comprised of different contrasting territories.
Chile is currently the largest producer and exporter of trout in the world.
Chile is currently the world s second largest producer and exporter of salmon.
Chile is Defeated.
Chile is extremely long.
Chile is generally more beautiful.
Chile is held up as the greatest neoliberal success story in Latin America, perhaps even the world.
Chile is home to one of the world's most fantastic araucaria forests.
Chile is home to one-third of the world's remaining temperate forests.
Chile is in a position of recuperation, healing and reconstruction.
Chile is in one of the most earthquake-prone regions in the world.
Chile is in red.
Chile is in South America.
Chile is inexpensive.
Chile is known as the safest country for travelers in South America.
Chile is known for reasonably priced red wines.
Chile is located along the southwestern coast of South America.
Chile is located between Argentina, Peru, and Bolivia.
Chile is located in Southern South America.
Chile is located on the extreme southwestern coast of South America.
Chile is no different.
Chile is now China's second largest trade partner in Latin America.
Chile is now on a course of socialist decline, with help from international organizations.
Chile is now one of the world's largest exporters of fruit.
Chile is on the list of possible anti- anticarcinogens.
Chile is one big success.
Chile is one of the few nations in the world free of phylloxera.
Chile is one of the most disciplined, economically sound, democratic countries in South America.
Chile is one of the safest countries in South America.
Chile is one of the safest, and most stable countries in the Southern Hemisphere.
Chile is one of the world's leaders in the fishing industry.
Chile is one such example.
Chile is only about a hundred miles wide at the most.
Chile is our oldest friend in South America.
Chile is situated in several distinct climate zones.
Chile is South America's largest per capita exporter to Asia.
Chile is South America's most progressive country.
Chile is stacked with Japan, and Portugal, Austria and Hungary with Italy.
Chile is strongly committed to free trade and has welcomed large amounts of foreign investment.
Chile is such a long country, north to south, that it spans many climate zones.
Chile is the closest country to Antarctica.
Chile is the current poster child of export-led growth.
Chile is the future of wine.
Chile is the largest producer and exporter of copper in the world.
Chile is the leading producer, followed by Argentina .
Chile is the longest, narrowest country on earth.
Chile is the main source of winter grapes and stone fruit for the United States.
Chile is the most active of all Latin states and the one with the biggest overseas investments.
Chile is the most active of all the Latin states and the one with the biggest overseas investments.
Chile is the most economically, politically and financially secure market in Latin America.
Chile is the only country in the world that bans both divorce and abortion without exception.
Chile is the only historical example of a Marxist taking power through democratic means.
Chile is the second largest producer in South America and fourteenth in the world.
Chile is the second largest producer of salmon and the largest producer of fishmeal.
Chile is the second largest producer of salmon in the world.
Chile is the size of Texas but has a very different shape.
Chile is the smallest and most insignificant strip of land in South America.
Chile is the Spanish adaptation of chili, the Aztec name for the plant.
Chile is the Spanish adaptation of chili, the Aztec name for the pod.
Chile is the UK's third largest market in South America, after Brazil and Argentina.
Chile is the world's fifth largest exporter of wine and the eighth largest producer .
Chile is the world's largest copper producer and exporter.
Chile is the world's largest producer and exporter of copper.
Chile is the world's largest producer of copper and Bolivia is a major producer of tin.
Chile is the world's longest and skinniest country.
Chile is the world's lowest cost producer of fish meal or feed from krill and pelagic fishes.
Chile is the world's second largest salmon exporter.
Chile is today one of South America's most stable and prosperous nations.
Chile is very active and vocal and needs regular grooming.
Chile is, once again, their destination.
Chile isa thing.
Chile isa vegetable.
Chile keeps in here for quite some time.
Chile maintains a price band system for wheat, wheat flour, edible oils and sugar.
Chile maintains a price band system for wheat, wheat flour, vegetable oils, and sugar.
Chile maintains diplomatic relations that are an exception to the above mentioned rules.
Chile needs a treaty fit for the two sides of the modernization of agriculture.
Chile normally exempts suspects from criminal proceedings only for insanity or dementia.
Chile now leads Latin America in virtually every survey of economic performance.
Chile now owns it.
Chile offers a variety of wonderful options to the traveler who is looking for more than tourism.
Chile offers an amazingly diverse collection of experiences.
Chile offers eloquent proof of the benefits of fully liberalizing the communications market.
Chile offers the greatest assortment of scenic spectaculars of any country in South America.
Chile produces more than a third of the world's copper.
Chile provides a case in point.
Chile provides a good test case.
Chile provides a prime example of the demographic transition outlined in the first WHO report.
Chile raises fundamental issues of perspective.
Chile remains interested.
Chile requires imports to have an equivalency grade standard.
Chile requires no vaccinations for entry from any country.
Chile s most active crater.
Chile saves money by paving only one lane.
Chile secures a foothold for Latin America, and the United States anchors North America.
Chile seems to be a difficult country to travel in with regards to scenery.
Chile seems to be in control of the South.
Chile serves as a good example.
Chile sparks New Mexico's regional cuisine.
Chile stands out as a country that conquered the cycles.
Chile stands out as a country that has conquered the cycles.
Chile still has a board of film censors that includes officers of the armed forces and the police.
Chile travels to Slovakia and Spain hosts Uzbekistan.
Chile welcomes foreign investment.
Chile When capitalized usually refers to the South American country which borders on Peru.
Chiles also require various prefatory stages before they are ready to be used.
Chiles are a big turnoff for termites.
Chiles are a staple.
Chiles are also high in vitamin A, which, studies suggest, can improve night vision.
Chiles are another staple with ancient roots.
Chiles are cholesterol free and low in calories and sodium.
Chiles are countries.
Chiles are in.
Chiles are one of the more versatile vegetables when it comes to creative cooking.
Chiles are part of cayenne.
Chiles are rich good sources of vitamin C and rich in beta carotene, potassium and fiber.
Chiles are the name.
Chiles are valuable here.
Chiles backs the nomination.
Chiles come dried, crushed, pulped or fresh.
Chiles come in all flavors, sizes, and colors.
Chiles contain capsaicin, oil that can be irritating to the skin.
Chiles grow from full sun to partially shaded areas.
Chiles have oil.
Chiles lands historic summit for Miami .
Chiles rellenos, of course.
Chiles require plenty of water.
Chiles serve a literary function, too.
Chiles turn red or dark brown when mature.
Chiles uoppgjorte fortid .
Chiles works long hours, sometimes including evenings and weekends.
All chiles are hot.
All chiles begin green, then mature to their final color.
All chiles start off as green.
Most chiles are furrow irrigated.
Most chiles are part of cayenne.
Most chiles have oil.
Some chiles mix with juice.
Some chiles reach shores.
Most Chilean areas are above the treeline high in the Andes.
Chilean businesses lose millions of dollars every day when power cuts hit the nation.
All Chilean cities have municipal sewers.
Chilean cuisine has both Indian and European influences.
Chilean cuisine is spiced only mildly.
Chilean cuisine shows the country's topographical variety.
Chilean dolphins feed on fish.
Chilean dolphins feed on water fish.
Most chilean dolphins feed on fish.
Most chilean dolphins feed on water fish.
Many Chilean factories have machinery and equipment the equal of any in the United States.
Chilean fillets are very tight.
Chilean flamingos are able to survive cooler weather than the American flamingo, say bird experts.
Chilean flamingos are one of six species of flamingos.
Chilean flamingos are subjected to frequent rain, sleet, and snowstorms.
Chilean flamingos can breed one to two times per year, depending on food availability.
Chilean flamingos inhabit muddy, shallow alkaline and brackish lakes.
Chilean flamingos live in areas.
Chilean flamingos live in environments.
Chilean flamingos live in one of the harshest areas on earth.
Chilean flamingos live near alkaline waters, where few large organisms are found.
Chilean flamingos stand on legs.
Most chilean flamingos live in areas.
Most chilean flamingos live in environments.
Most chilean flamingos stand on legs.
Some chilean flamingos have few natural predators.
Some chilean flamingos have natural predators.
Some chilean flamingos have predators.
Chilean food is a unique delicassy.
Chilean history is commemorated on some wine bottles.
Most Chilean hotels equip their rooms with digitally, multiplexed telephones.
Chilean interests continue to investment in the development of forestry in Argentina.
Chilean judiciary has prescience in investigation of German sect Bonn.
Chilean law allows defendants to give their statements at home.
Chilean law allows exemption from trial if the accused is found to be demented.
Chilean managers tend to know their industry as well as do their UK counterparts.
Chilean orphan finds identity .
Chilean people are friendly and hospitable to foreigners.
Chilean peso has two navboxes.
Chilean ports are currently at the height of the fruit-exporting season.
Chilean producers can also get close to the French style.
Chilean reds are very fruity, even inexpensive bottles, and are made more in the European style.
Chilean researchers become fog farmers and make the desert bloom.
Chilean salmon is of higher quality than that of the United States.
Chilean students are part of most courses.
Chilean studies show an even higher ratio.
Chilean wine is magnificent.
Chilean wines are among the best available in the world.
Chilean wines are arguably South America's best.
Chilean wines are excellent.
Chilean wines are superb.
Chilean wines continue to be a good value.
Chilean wines have such a high flavonol content because of that country's altitude.
Chilean has (part) arms.
Chilean has (part) body substances.
Chilean has (part) cell membranes.
Chilean has (part) cells.
Chilean has (part) corpi.
Chilean has (part) cytoplasm.
Chilean has (part) heads.
Chilean has (part) human bodies.
Chilean has (part) legs.
Chilean has (part) material bodies.
Chilean has (part) necks.
Chilean has (part) nuclei.
Chilean has (part) personality.
Chilean has (part) plasma membranes.
Chilean has (part) sections.
Chilean has (part) vacuoles.
Chilean isa dweller.
Chilean isa inhabitant.
Some chili chefs float a canned jalapeno on top their chili as it simmers.
Chili cooking involves a great deal of theater and some mystery ingredients.
Chili dips occur just as often in the fairway as around the green.
Chili dips occur when the club makes contact with the ground before hitting the golf ball.
Most chili dips occur around the green when a golfer is attempting a delicate chip shot.
A chili dog is a sandwich
Chili dog is famous.
Chili dogs are also popular in the Southwestern United States .
Chili dogs are also popular in the Southwestern United States.
Chili fries are thick, lardy beauties offered with or without cheese.
Chili fries are thick, lardy beauties.
Chili harvesting continues.
Chili oil is a chili-infused oil found in the Asian food section of the grocery.
Chili oil is available at Asian markets and in the Asian foods section of some supermarkets.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in many Mexican and South American dishes.
Chili pepper is hot food.
Chili pepper is hot pepper
Chili pepper is hot.
Chili pepper is pepper.
Chili peppers are of great importance in Native American medicine .
Chili peppers are of great importance in Native American medicine.
Chili peppers are somewhat particular about growing conditions.
Chili peppers burn when they first touch pain receptors in the mouth.
Chili peppers come in a variety of shades from green to yellow to red.
Most chili plants are very prolific.
Chili powder is a blend of spices that includes ground chilies.
Chili powder is a mixture of ground chile, cumin, salt and garlic powder.
Chili powder is a mixture of spices, consisting mainly of ground dried chili peppers.
Chili powder is a seasoning
Chili powder is a spice from Texas and Mexico consisting mainly of ground dried chili peppers.
Chili powder is another hot spice.
Chili powder is the key to obtaining a rich, hearty flavor, particularly in a meat-free recipe.
Most chili powder is made up of a combination of chilis, oregano, cumin, salt and garlic.
Many chili recipes call for chocolate, which gives it a mildly sweet and smooth flavor.
A chili sauce is a condiment
Chili sauce adds a little spiciness.
Chili seeds take a while to germinate and their early development can be slow.
Chili soils are more acid in the lower part of the series control section.
Chili spaghetti is just that, spaghetti with chili on it.
Chili is a dish
Chili is artifacts.
Chili is cooked food.
Chili is countries.
Chili is dishs.
Chili is heartworm negative, and is approximately one year old.
Chili is homemade, meaty and good, and salads include a roasted vegetable salad with pesto.
Chili is hot pepper.
Chili is inanimate objects.
Chili is known by a number of names around the world.
Chili is only one of the reasons people keep coming back year after year.
Chili is part of cayenne.
Chili is pepper.
Chili is ready when the meat falls apart.
Chili is spices.
Chili is spicy food.
Chilis are believed to have health benefits.
Chilies are mostly perennial in their native habitat of sub-tropical and tropical regions.
Chilies can grow for years while some herbs have productive lives of only a few months.
Chilies come in red, yellow or brown.
Chilies contain both soluble and insoluble fiber.
Chilies contain capsaicin, which is the source of their hot flavor.
Chilies hang off vendor stalls.
Chilies range in color from bright green to deep red, depending on their ripeness.
All chilies are members of the capsicum family, which includes both sweet and hot varieties.
A chill is cold
Chill isa temperature.
Chill overnite for filling to firm and flavours to mellow.
Chills also increase the local cooling rate.
Chills alternating with flushing and excessive sweating are also characteristic symptoms.
Chills are a symptom of grief.
Chills are apprehension.
Chills are coldness.
Chills are medical conditions.
Chills are programming language.
Chills are symptoms.
Chills are uncomfortable and sometimes frightening to the patient.
Chills can be constant for up to one hour, or they can come and go.
Chills can occur along with fever.
Chills fill the air as the question is about to be asked, the question of a lifetime for a lifetime.
Chills occur before a temperature goes up.
Chills occur when the fever is rising.
Chills run up and down the back, or chill alternates, or is mixed with heat.
Chills start and go down back from occiput.
Chills often herald the onset of a fever or increase in the degree of fever.
Chilled asparagus is especially refreshing for a luncheon or a casual dinner.
Chilled water continues to circulate after the microwave is turned off to eliminate residual heat.
Chilled water is absorbed faster.
Chilled water is circulated through it to get rid of body heat and solar heat.
Chilled water is circulated through the catheter to protect healthy urethral tissue.
Chilled water is circulated through the coil to keep the milk at the required temperature.
Chilled water is good.
Chilled water is our most expensive utility.
Chilled water is piped through the cooling coils of the units, and a fan forces air over the coils.
Chilled water is provided from a building supply.
Chilled water is supplied to the fan coils in the new addition.
Chilled water is used for comfort cooling, dehumidification, and process cooling.
Chilled water is used to cool down computers as well as operate the air conditioning systems.
Chilled water is used to provide air conditioning for most campus buildings.
A chiller is excitement
Chillers are available to meet the most demanding job schedules.
Chillers are close-loop systems.
Chillers are devices designed to cool the water.
Chillers are machines that control the temperature of other tools or processes.
Chillers are the perfect solution wherever there is demand for a high cooling capacity.
Chillers are the single largest energy consumers in commercial buildings.
Chillers are video games.
Chillers come with water pumps and standard connections for fast, flexible hookup.
Chillers operate more efficiently when they are loaded close to their full rating.
Chillers operate most efficiently when they are loaded close to their full rating.
Chillers use a refrigerant or working fluid in a two-phase refrigeration cycle.
Many chillers come with a positive-displacement pump as standard equipment.
Chilli peppers are indispensable to Malaysian kitchens, and both fresh and dried chilies are used.
Chilli powder is an excellent insect repellent but it causes serious skin and eye inflammations.
Chilli is hot pepper
Chilli is pepper.
Chilli looks for hotness.
Chillies are good for hangovers.
Chillies are potent and famous.
Chillies baby back rrribs .
Chillies come in several sizes, shapes and even colours.
Chillies contain capsicin which is responsible for the hot taste of the fruit.
Chillies dominate the taste.
Chillies have virtually no acidity and without acidity various very dangerous bugs can grow.
Chillies make very attractive houseplants.
Chillies range from large to small, and colours include green, white, purple, pink, and red.
Chillis contain capsaicin that reacts with alcohol to increase the burning sensation.
Chillis seem to cross barriers between male and female, males are quite happy to cook chillis.
Most chillies are green while growing, ripening to red, orange, yellow and brown.
Chilling injury appears as gray or yellow spots that develop into necrotic tissue.
Chilling injury appears as the browning of the white interlocular membrane and arils.
Chilling problems occur more often than overheating.
Chilling waters cascade into a tranquil pool.
Chilly nights are possible in the mountains.
Chilly wind causes cold weather.
Chilly wind causes weather.
Most chilly wind causes cold weather.
Most chilly wind causes weather.
Chilmark soils have argillic horizons.
Chiltern timber supports the local furniture industry.
Chiluba supporters say the president still has a lot of work to finish.
A chimaera is fish
Chimaeras are almost scaleless, with a body resembling a rat.
Chimaeras are fish.
Chimaeras are formed from at least two fertilized eggs or early embryos fused together .
Chimaeras are formed from at least two fertilized eggs or early embryos fused together.
Chimaeras have smooth skin that lacks scales.
Chimaeral rearrangement is an event whereby cells are exchanged between layers differing in color.
Chime buttons allow selection of region only , chain only and the whole molecule as appropriate.
Chime choir is open to men and women, high school age and up.
Chime choir provides worship music approximately once a month.
Chime player is required.
Chime unit contains receiver and has socket for lamp.
A chime is a musical instrument
Chime allows scientists to view chemical graphics directly on an HTML page.
Chime renders the image of the molecule.
Chime shows molecules inside a web page.
Chime shows molecules inside a Web page.
Chimes Add a beautiful wind chime for that perfect home decorative accessory.
Chimes affect the heartstrings. . . .
Chimes are aluminum.
Chimes are attractive, and the sound is very pleasant.
Chimes are inside both of the balls.
Chimes are located in front doors.
Chimes are percussion instruments.
Chimes are usually much more attractive than bells or buzzers.
Chimes is no exception.
Chimes is our semi-monthly newsletter.
Chimes is the student literary magazine.
Chimes ring every quarter hour.
Chimes signal a customer arriving in the store.
Chimes signal that the car doors are closing.
Chimes suggest distant church bells.
Chimes vary from manufacturer to manufacturer.
A chimera is imagination
Chimera is a creature that is part lion, part goat, and part snake.
Chimera is a fire-breathing monster with the head of a lion.
Chimera isa cognition.
Chimera isa knowledge.
Chimera makes use of the following third-party software.
Chimera only allows forward, case-insensitive searches.
Chimera provides hypermedia infrastructure for use within a software development environment.
Chimera supports just about any format inline, as it is user extendable.
Chimera teaches a concept of self-defense which gives women the means to defend themselves.
Chimeras are hybrid animals made with the genes of different species.
Chimeras are imagination.
Chimeras are three headed creatures that shoot fire from all three heads, damaging a wide area.
Chimeras never laugh.
Chimeras result from an embryo that is a mosaic of original cells and engineered cells.
Some chimeras relate to purposes.
Chimney caps are available at most home centers and fireplace-supply stores.
Chimney caps are bent in and the roof has some creases.
Chimney fires are a real and dangerous possibility when heating with wood.
Chimney fires are common.
Chimney fires are the number one reason people lose their homes.
Chimney fires can also heat the outside of a chimney enough to ignite nearby wood and shingles.
Chimney fires can extend into attics and cause major fires.
Chimney fires can result from a large buildup.
Chimney fires can result from a large soot buildup.
Chimney fires require specific conditions to start.
Most chimney fires result from a build-up of creosote on the inside surface of the chimney.
Chimney sweeps check for accumulations of creosote, an extremely flammable substance.
A chimney swift is a swift
Chimney swifts construct an even more unusual variation of the cup nest.
Chimney swifts eat insects and fly close to the ground as they follow prey.
A chimney is a flue
Chimney flue The passage inside a chimney that channels smoke and heat to the outside.
Chimney isa flue.
Chimney vents for less heat build-up.
Chimneys are another common entry point, particularly for birds.
Chimneys are capable of smoke.
Chimneys are clean.
Chimneys are column-shaped.
Chimneys are common den sites for female raccoons and their young.
Chimneys are conduits.
Chimneys are glass and easily broken, and the lamp is useless without a chimney.
Chimneys are located in roofs.
Chimneys are of brick and stone.
Chimneys are often clinker brick and windows are grouped in casements.
Chimneys are part of houses.
Chimneys can also be humbling and difficult to protect.
Chimneys collapse frequently, spilling their massive debris onto the roofs of adjacent spaces.
Chimneys create a hazard when embers escape through the top.
Chimneys crown all four gables.
Chimneys dominate both ends and three steep gables with lancet windows rise from the facade.
Chimneys fall in Riverside.
Chimneys get warm and dry out a painting from the back.
Chimneys have (part) bases.
Chimneys have (part) fire irons.
Chimneys have (part) fireplaces.
Chimneys have (part) mantelpieces.
Chimneys have (part) readsides.
Chimneys have (part) sections.
Chimneys have (part) water backs.
Chimneys have two functions.
Chimneys operate on the principle that hot air rises because it is less dense than cold air.
Chimneys spew death day and night.
Chimneys top some hydrothermal vents.
Chimneys work by using the lift generated by the warm air column.
Chimneys often have more than one flue.
Every chimney is a potential job.
Every chimney needs to be equipped with an approved spark arrestor at the top.
Every chimney rises with a grudge.
Most chimneys have a foundation in the ground.
Some chimneys provide shelter.
A chimp is a pongid
Chimp isa ape.
Chimps also carry rocks around, which they use to crack open nuts.
Chimps also drop branches on intruders and sop up drinking water with leaves.
Chimps also have a wide range of calls that convey all different types of information.
Chimps also learn tool use from each other.
Chimps are as distinct from one another as humans.
Chimps are both arboreal and terrestrial, spending much of their daytime hours on the ground.
Chimps are both smallwe and stronger than humans.
Chimps are by comparison slow and ponderous in trees.
Chimps are capable of use computers.
Chimps are classified as omnivores.
Chimps are diurnal.
Chimps are endangered.
Chimps are intelligent animals with generally pleasant personalities.
Chimps are intrinsically interesting.
Chimps are just a really cool animal.
Chimps are led by an alpha male and occasionally kill each other.
Chimps are more like humans than like monkeys.
Chimps are omnivores, meaning they eat both meat and plants, though mostly plants.
Chimps are omnivores.
Chimps are one thing, yeast is quite another.
Chimps are our closest living relative in terms of the evolution theory.
Chimps are promiscuous, and gorillas are polygynous.
Chimps are seen gently touching the body, smelling, and observing.
Chimps are smart.
Chimps are strong, and they can bite.
Chimps are very resilient.
Chimps are victims of the virus, just as humans are.
Chimps avoid single combat.
Chimps avoid water at all costs and are usually unable to swim, unless extremely excited.
Chimps beg for food, a toy, or any desirable object from the possessor.
Chimps can also get respiratory infections such as the common cold or the flu.
Chimps can distinguish relatives from unrelated chimps.
Chimps can have the same authority as pundits.
Chimps can live well into their fifties.
Chimps can prefer one type of music to another, and show preferences to foods and feel pain.
Chimps can reason and solve problems.
Chimps can reason, solve problems.
Chimps can see black and white at night and they can see all colors in the afternoon.
Chimps can understand simple spoken English.
Chimps communicate with a wide range of calls, postures and gestures.
Chimps develop slowly and begin their adolescence approximately at the age of nine.
Chimps dig holes to sleep in.
Chimps do tend to be less fearful of women than of men.
Chimps dose themselves with medicinal plants when they are sick.
Chimps drink water.
Chimps eat antelopes and small baboons.
Chimps eat bananas.
Chimps eat certain plants.
Chimps eat diets.
Chimps eat fruit.
Chimps eat plants.
Chimps eat the small monkeys they capture.
Chimps employ culture to branch out.
Chimps enter puberty.
Chimps exhibit intergroup violence, killing the males of nearby groups and taking over the females.
Chimps exhibit very promiscuous behavior.
Chimps gather food.
Chimps generally differ from gorillas several ways.
Chimps generally utilize their signs in discussing aspects of family life.
Chimps greet each other affectionately and spend hours grooming friends and family.
Chimps have (part) brains.
Chimps have (part) breasts.
Chimps have (part) cell membranes.
Chimps have (part) cells.
Chimps have (part) chest cavities.
Chimps have (part) chests.
Chimps have (part) corpi.
Chimps have (part) cytoplasm.
Chimps have (part) ears.
Chimps have (part) faces.
Chimps have (part) heads.
Chimps have (part) nuclei.
Chimps have (part) pedal extremities.
Chimps have (part) piluses.
Chimps have (part) plasma membranes.
Chimps have (part) rib cages.
Chimps have (part) sections.
Chimps have (part) skulls.
Chimps have (part) sterna.
Chimps have (part) vacuoles.
Chimps have (part) vertebrate feet.
Chimps have a good social life and good communication skills.
Chimps have a little bald spot at the top of their head right by their forehead.
Chimps have a lot in common with humans.
Chimps have a very complicated political-social structure.
Chimps have advantage.
Chimps have areas.
Chimps have big, big eyes.
Chimps have chins.
Chimps have close family ties.
Chimps have distinct and highly individual personalities.
Chimps have great memories, enough skills.
Chimps have huge advantage.
Chimps have long childhoods and are dependent on their mother's care for five years.
Chimps have mates.
Chimps have no hair on the palms of their hands, feet or on their faces.
Chimps have one third, and gorillas one half, human brainsize.
Chimps have one way of doing things in one place, another somewhere else.
Chimps have recede chins.
Chimps have shorter thumbs and much more hair.
Chimps have the largest geographic range of any ape, living in jungles across central Africa.
Chimps have time.
Chimps have to be able to do the same.
Chimps hunt bushbabies.
Chimps hunt senegal bushbabies.
Chimps kiss and make up in the same way people do.
Chimps lack a tail.
Chimps laugh as well, and have very playful and comical personalities.
Chimps laugh, they have best friends, cuddle their infants and become rebellious adolescents.
Chimps lead life.
Chimps lift heads.
Chimps live in Africa.
Chimps live in an environment where resources are relatively abundant.
Chimps live in communities.
Chimps live in forest, woodland and savanna habitats in family groups that are predominantly female.
Chimps live in large groups and depend on individualized faces to recognized each other.
Chimps make beds or nests, always newly constructed.
Chimps make decisions.
Chimps make tools, hunt cooperatively and in the wild they travel through vast territories.
Chimps occasionally hunt and eat meat.
Chimps offer an interesting medium to study the evolution of status graying.
Chimps operate in the world of concrete, tangible things that can be seen.
Chimps pay normal surgical prices to get the stuff implanted.
Chimps possess longer arms than legs and have both opposable thumbs and big toes.
Chimps reach maturity.
Chimps really like to make a big deal out of eating.
Chimps reap what they groom .
Chimps rise to alpha male status with cunning and coalitions as well as physical prowess.
Chimps seem to be found only in warm weather conditions, whereas our species pops up everywhere.
Chimps seem to confirm the fears of the right, and bonobos fulfill the dreams of the left.
Chimps seem to get most of their water from the fruit they eat.
Chimps shake heads.
Chimps show memory.
Chimps show skills.
Chimps stay mainly in trees during the wet season and on the ground when it is dry.
Chimps supplement their diets with meat, such as young antelopes or goats.
Chimps take first steps.
Chimps take steps.
Chimps use leaves to drink water.
Chimps use plants medicinally.
Chimps use rocks to smash open food and put leaves on their feet to walk over thorns.
Chimps use teeth.
Chimps use their faces and wolves use their scents to communicate.
Chimps weigh about two thirds of what the average human weighs.
Chimps weigh pounds.
Chimps often forage in groups and can hunt co-operatively for monkeys and young antelope.
Chimps often turn on their own, particularly infants and young adults.
All chimps have distinctive markings on their face and body , just as humans do.
Any chimp can learn to thread a projector.
Many chimps carry objects in the groin pocket.
Most chimps are classified as omnivores.
Most chimps are treated with oral medication when needed.
Most chimps can regurgitate their food, and then enjoy it all over again.
Most chimps eat bananas.
Most chimps eat certain plants.
Most chimps eat diets.
Most chimps eat fruit.
Most chimps eat plants.
Most chimps enter puberty.
Most chimps gather food.
Most chimps have advantage.
Most chimps have areas.
Most chimps have huge advantage.
Most chimps have mates.
Most chimps have recede chins.
Most chimps have time.
Most chimps live in Africa, usually in the woodlands and thick rain forest.
Most chimps make decisions.
Most chimps reach maturity.
Most chimps shake heads.
Most chimps take first steps.
Most chimps take steps.
Most chimps use teeth.
Most chimps used in entertainment have their front teeth pulled to prevent biting.
Most chimps weigh pounds.
Some chimps attain puberty.
Some chimps avoid areas.
Some chimps cause problems.
Some chimps develop behaviour.
Some chimps eat mammal meat.
Some chimps eat meat.
Some chimps escape from cages.
Some chimps even develop their own special signals.
Some chimps follow ethical guidelines.
Some chimps have friends.
Some chimps have language trains.
Some chimps have nights.
Some chimps have trains.
Some chimps have white hair on the snout from birth and others gray around the mouth with age.
Some chimps have years.
Some chimps kill chimps.
Some chimps lack even probe technology, and are no better at catching termites than baboons are.
Some chimps learn jobs.
Some chimps live in facilities.
Some chimps occupy core areas.
Some chimps shake shoulders.
Some chimps show aversions.
Some chimps take care.
Some chimps use techniques.
Some chimpanzee attacks result in death.
Chimpanzee behavior is deja vue all over again.
Chimpanzee cages are usually too small to allow freedom of movement.
Chimpanzee communities contain multiple adult males, multiple adult females and their offspring.
Chimpanzee diets consist of fruit.
Chimpanzee diets include fruit.
Most chimpanzee diets consist of fruit.
Chimpanzee faces are pinkish to black, and the apes' bodies are covered with long black hair.
Chimpanzee females tend to be sexually active only during their maximum swelling phase.
Chimpanzee gestures seem to be used for imperative purposes to request actions from others . . .
Chimpanzee habitat is mainly tropical rainforest, mixed forest-savanna, and mountain forest.
Most Chimpanzee habitats are divided.
Chimpanzee infants benefit from mothers.
Most chimpanzee infants benefit from mothers.
Some chimpanzee infants ride on backs.
Chimpanzee mothers carry daughters.
Chimpanzee mothers carry decease daughters.
Chimpanzee mothers share their food with their young.
Most chimpanzee mothers carry daughters.
Most chimpanzee mothers carry decease daughters.
Some chimpanzee mothers enjoy life.
Chimpanzee society has an identifiable set of rules that most of it's members live by.
Chimpanzee society revolves around lots of politics, but also involves lots of physical touch.
Chimpanzee violence is known.
A chimpanzee is a pongid
Chimpanzee isa ape.
Chimpanzees adapt to environments.
Chimpanzees also are less susceptible than humans to hormone-dependent cancers.
Chimpanzees also dance at the onset of heavy rains and during violent gusts of wind.
Chimpanzees also eat insects and, sometimes, capture and kill prey for meat.
Chimpanzees also have good memories.
Chimpanzees also have very good senses.
Chimpanzees also live in the zoo.
Chimpanzees also use leaves as sponges or spoons to drink water.
Chimpanzees also use many gestures to indicate needs and emotions.
Chimpanzees also use simple tools.
Chimpanzees appear to be conscious.
Chimpanzees appear to suffer from a disease similar to humans and die from the virus.
Chimpanzees are a type of ape and they certainly get the attention of people.
Chimpanzees are a very social species, and grooming is one technique in which they relate socially.
Chimpanzees are able to classify colors and geometric shapes.
Chimpanzees are able to solve problems.
Chimpanzees are also highly terrestrial.
Chimpanzees are also territorial animals with a keen interest in local terrain.
Chimpanzees are an endangered species.
Chimpanzees are animals.
Chimpanzees are another species that shows emotion and rationality.
Chimpanzees are apes.
Chimpanzees are better than most animals at solving simple problems.
Chimpanzees are both smaller and stronger than humans.
Chimpanzees are broadly omnivorous.
Chimpanzees are capable of displays.
Chimpanzees are capable of reasoned thought, abstraction and have a concept of self.
Chimpanzees are capable of walking on their hind legs, but only with the toes turned inward.
Chimpanzees are comfortable walking quadrupedally on the ground in addition to climbing in trees.
Chimpanzees are diurnal and build nests to sleep in at night.
Chimpanzees are diurnal.
Chimpanzees are dramatically different.
Chimpanzees are equally at home on the ground or in trees.
Chimpanzees are evolved from ancestors.
Chimpanzees are fascinating beings.
Chimpanzees are found across a west-east belt in equatorial Africa.
Chimpanzees are great apes and genetically closer to people than they are even to gorillas.
Chimpanzees are great apes that are closely related to humans.
Chimpanzees are great apes.
Chimpanzees are highly active and very socially oriented.
Chimpanzees are highly complex and intelligent animals.
Chimpanzees are highly intelligent animals.
Chimpanzees are highly intelligent, probably more so than human-based tests are able to measure.
Chimpanzees are highly intelligent, social animals with a startlingly complex culture.
Chimpanzees are highly promiscuous.
Chimpanzees are highly social animals, actually promiscuous.
Chimpanzees are highly social animals.
Chimpanzees are highly social, and are able to discriminate easily between other individuals.
Chimpanzees are hominids.
Chimpanzees are however, capable of physical violence.
Chimpanzees are humans' closest animal relative.
Chimpanzees are humans' closest living cousins.
Chimpanzees are hunted as food by humans in many parts of their range.
Chimpanzees are hunted in many areas, in some areas of their range more intensely so than others.
Chimpanzees are intelligent.
Chimpanzees are known to hunt other animals for their meat.
Chimpanzees are known to hunt other large vertebrates on occasion.
Chimpanzees are largely arboreal and diurnal.
Chimpanzees are largely workers and on occasion scientists and doctors.
Chimpanzees are located in forests.
Chimpanzees are located in zoos.
Chimpanzees are lone members of their own special kind.
Chimpanzees are mainly vegetarians, eating leaves, roots, and fruits like wild figs.
Chimpanzees are male dominant, with intense aggression between different groups that can be lethal.
Chimpanzees are mammals.
Chimpanzees are members of the great apes.
Chimpanzees are members of the hominidae family, along with gorillas, humans and orangutants.
Chimpanzees are members of the primate family.
Chimpanzees are monkeys.
Chimpanzees are more closely related to humans than they are to gorillas or orangutans.
Chimpanzees are more closely related to humans than to gorillas or orangutans.
Chimpanzees are more skillful in competitive than cooperative cognitive tasks.
Chimpanzees are native to Africa.
Chimpanzees are omnivores.
Chimpanzees are omnivorous, but eat mainly fruit and vegetation.
Chimpanzees are on their way to becoming half-decent chefs.
Chimpanzees are one of the few animal species that employ tools.
Chimpanzees are one of the few species that learn to use tools.
Chimpanzees are one of the most intelligent species of animal.
Chimpanzees are one of the nosiest mammals on Earth.
Chimpanzees are only partially bipedal.
Chimpanzees are our allies in research and the battle against disease.
Chimpanzees are our closest living relatives.
Chimpanzees are our closest relatives.
Chimpanzees are part of apes.
Chimpanzees are part of great apes.
Chimpanzees are part of the ape family.
Chimpanzees are physically unable to articulate words, no matter how diligently they are taught.
Chimpanzees are polygynandrous, as both male and female chimpanzees have multiple partners.
Chimpanzees are predators from the onset.
Chimpanzees are primarily diurnal.
Chimpanzees are rare and found in pockets of forest throughout the country.
Chimpanzees are social and live in complex societies.
Chimpanzees are social creatures.
Chimpanzees are social, diurnal animals.
Chimpanzees are somewhat of an exception.
Chimpanzees are susceptible to disease just like human beings.
Chimpanzees are the direct ancestors of humans.
Chimpanzees are the most closest animals to humans.
Chimpanzees are the primates genetically most closely related to humans.
Chimpanzees are thought to prefer to sleep in trees.
Chimpanzees are threatened in other ways.
Chimpanzees are use to living in the rain forest in western Africa to central Africa.
Chimpanzees are very intelligent.
Chimpanzees are very much similar to humans in terms of their mental strength and pleasant behavior.
Chimpanzees are very pugnacious, however, while bonobos are essentially peaceful.
Chimpanzees are very similar to humans in many ways.
Chimpanzees are very similar to humans.
Chimpanzees are very smart.
Chimpanzees are violent, territorial, manipulative, and possess great capacity for cruelty.
Chimpanzees are wonderful in their own right and deserve to be respected and protected by humans.
Chimpanzees are, along with bonobos, our closest living relatives.
Chimpanzees are, indeed, a bare genetic half-step away from humans.
Chimpanzees avoid large bodies of water and are usually only able to swim if extremely excited.
Chimpanzees avoid the peak hours of the sun.
Chimpanzees belong to large groups or communities.
Chimpanzees call when seriously alarmed, aroused by food, or in order to intimidate one another.
Chimpanzees can be quite vocal.
Chimpanzees can benefit the forest as well.
Chimpanzees can communicate with humans using sign language.
Chimpanzees can even paint.
Chimpanzees can go bald as they age.
Chimpanzees can grasp things with both their hands and their feet.
Chimpanzees can remember a face for over a decade.
Chimpanzees can use 'tools', fashioning twigs to extract termites from their nests.
Chimpanzees communicate vocally, with facial expressions, and with gestures.
Chimpanzees communicate with a wide variety of gestures, postures, and facial expressions.
Chimpanzees conceal visual and auditory information from others.
Chimpanzees construct nests at night in which to sleep.
Chimpanzees continue to be hunted down and poached in their hundreds each year.
Chimpanzees coordinate in a negotiation game.
Chimpanzees deceive a human competitor by hiding.
Chimpanzees descend from apes.
Chimpanzees develop antibodies.
Chimpanzees develop ears.
Chimpanzees do see color.
Chimpanzees do, occasionally, eat meat.
Chimpanzees drink water, often by using a chewed leaf as a sponge to sop up the water.
Chimpanzees eat a variety of food with the largest portion consisting of fruit and leaves.
Chimpanzees eat ants.
Chimpanzees eat bananas.
Chimpanzees eat caterpillars and ants.
Chimpanzees eat certain plants.
Chimpanzees eat diets.
Chimpanzees eat food.
Chimpanzees eat fruit vegetables.
Chimpanzees eat fruit, leaves, buds, birds' eggs, and insects.
Chimpanzees eat fruit.
Chimpanzees eat insects, leaves, little bits of meat and fruit that comes from trees.
Chimpanzees eat leaves, bark, fruits, meats, stems and insects.
Chimpanzees eat leaves.
Chimpanzees eat meat.
Chimpanzees eat plants, ants, termites, and occasionally meat.
Chimpanzees eat plants.
Chimpanzees eat something.
Chimpanzees eat termites.
Chimpanzees eat vegetables.
Chimpanzees engage in behaviour.
Chimpanzees exhibit complex patterns of behavior, many of which are learned.
Chimpanzees exhibit very little morphological differences between subspecies.
Chimpanzees fascinate humans and are favorites both in zoos and the wild.
Chimpanzees follow gaze direction geometrically.
Chimpanzees gaze following in an object- choice task.
Chimpanzees generally use their nests for only one night.
Chimpanzees give birth to a single infant approximately every five years.
Chimpanzees go further.
Chimpanzees greet each other by touching hands.
Chimpanzees groom each other all day long as a strategic means of advancement.
Chimpanzees has-part arms.
Chimpanzees has-part bones.
Chimpanzees has-part feet.
Chimpanzees has-part mouths.
Chimpanzees has-part pelves.
Chimpanzees has-part skin.
Chimpanzees has-part teeth.
Chimpanzees have (part) brains.
Chimpanzees have (part) breasts.
Chimpanzees have (part) cell membranes.
Chimpanzees have (part) cells.
Chimpanzees have (part) chest cavities.
Chimpanzees have (part) chests.
Chimpanzees have (part) corpi.
Chimpanzees have (part) cytoplasm.
Chimpanzees have (part) ears.
Chimpanzees have (part) faces.
Chimpanzees have (part) heads.
Chimpanzees have (part) nuclei.
Chimpanzees have (part) pedal extremities.
Chimpanzees have (part) piluses.
Chimpanzees have (part) plasma membranes.
Chimpanzees have (part) rib cages.
Chimpanzees have (part) sections.
Chimpanzees have (part) skulls.
Chimpanzees have (part) sterna.
Chimpanzees have (part) vacuoles.
Chimpanzees have (part) vertebrate feet.
Chimpanzees have a complex system of communication.
Chimpanzees have a genetic makeup that is four times as diverse as that of humans.
Chimpanzees have a great memory and can be trained easily.
Chimpanzees have a hairless face except for a short, white beard in both male and female adults.
Chimpanzees have a long mother-infant dependency period.
Chimpanzees have a particular taste for other animals including red colobus monkeys.
Chimpanzees have a slight brow ridge, large ears, small nostrils, and an elongated snout.
Chimpanzees have ability.
Chimpanzees have black or brown body hair and opposable thumbs.
Chimpanzees have brown and black hair over their skin.
Chimpanzees have canine teeth.
Chimpanzees have cerebellums.
Chimpanzees have cortexes.
Chimpanzees have culture and a complete social system.
Chimpanzees have diets.
Chimpanzees have distinct group territoriality.
Chimpanzees have enterotypes that look similar to human enterotypes .
Chimpanzees have enterotypes that look similar to human enterotypes.
Chimpanzees have fingers.
Chimpanzees have flat faces and large external ears.
Chimpanzees have great intelligence.
Chimpanzees have great potential value for attracting ecotourism.
Chimpanzees have habitats.
Chimpanzees have hands and feet which are capable of grasping objects.
Chimpanzees have high cognitive development.
Chimpanzees have ideas.
Chimpanzees have interaction.
Chimpanzees have long, strong arms.
Chimpanzees have longer arms than legs.
Chimpanzees have many social, emotional, and behavioral requirements that are similar to humans.
Chimpanzees have no divisions of labour.
Chimpanzees have omnivorous diets.
Chimpanzees have opposable thumbs used for climbing, picking fruits, and catching insects.
Chimpanzees have point canine teeth.
Chimpanzees have prominent ears, and a prominent superorbital crest.
Chimpanzees have round ears, flattened nose, large nostrils, and long flexible lips.
Chimpanzees have rounded molars.
Chimpanzees have similar sensory abilities to people.
Chimpanzees have skin.
Chimpanzees have social interaction.
Chimpanzees have special ability.
Chimpanzees have teeth.
Chimpanzees have thumbs.
Chimpanzees have very big mouths for carrying food.
Chimpanzees have very long hands and fingers, with short thumbs.
Chimpanzees have very, very, very sharp teeth.
Chimpanzees hear sound.
Chimpanzees hunt and eat the meat of a variety of mammals.
Chimpanzees inhabit tropical-zone forests where plant food is near at hand.
Chimpanzees is one of our closest living relatives.
Chimpanzees kill and eat small animals without tools.
Chimpanzees kiss and embrace after a fight.
Chimpanzees kiss with a deep French kiss.
Chimpanzees kiss, embrace, groom each other, and use tools and weap ons.
Chimpanzees kiss, hug, groom each other, and use tools.
Chimpanzees learn from one another.
Chimpanzees learn how to influence and even manipulate the emotions of others in their communities.
Chimpanzees learn to solve problems by copying the behavior of other chimpanzees.
Chimpanzees like to tickle each others palms, especially after they have had a fight.
Chimpanzees literally kiss and make up.
Chimpanzees live and work in groups up to one hundred.
Chimpanzees live in a nest high in a treetop.
Chimpanzees live in Burundi.
Chimpanzees live in different environments.
Chimpanzees live in environments.
Chimpanzees live in forests.
Chimpanzees live in groups.
Chimpanzees live in regions.
Chimpanzees live in social groups called communities or unit groups.
Chimpanzees live in social groups called communities.
Chimpanzees live in the eastern, western, and northern parts of Africa.
Chimpanzees live in the forests, woodlands, and mixed savannahs of Africa.
Chimpanzees live in west and central Africa, chiefly in rain forests, and never very far from trees.
Chimpanzees look like they are furry and generally black with a white patch.
Chimpanzees lose humanity from the cyberware at listed levels.
Chimpanzees mainly eat fruit, leaves, flowers, seeds, bark, honey, insects, bird eggs, and meat.
Chimpanzees maintain their bonds with their mother well into adulthood.
Chimpanzees make loud noise.
Chimpanzees make nests in trees.
Chimpanzees make noise.
Chimpanzees make sound.
Chimpanzees make war upon other tribes or groups of chimps.
Chimpanzees merit special concern as our closest non-human relatives and as an endangered species.
Chimpanzees modify recruitment screams as a function of audience composition.
Chimpanzees mourn death.
Chimpanzees move from one family group to another with considerable ease.
Chimpanzees normally travel in family groups.
Chimpanzees normally walk on all fours, but occasionally walk upright for short distances.
Chimpanzees normaly live and travel together, while a few stray males travel alone.
Chimpanzees now occupy only a fraction of their former territory.
Chimpanzees occur in countries.
Chimpanzees possess ancestors.
Chimpanzees possess babies.
Chimpanzees possess bodies.
Chimpanzees possess chromosomes.
Chimpanzees possess feet.
Chimpanzees possess food.
Chimpanzees possess friends.
Chimpanzees primarily eat fruits, seeds, and leaves, bark, insects, and honey.
Chimpanzees raise chimpanzees.
Chimpanzees reach maturity.
Chimpanzees reach puberty between the age of eight and ten years.
Chimpanzees reach sexual maturity.
Chimpanzees really know what others can see in a competitive situation.
Chimpanzees recognize themselves in mirrors.
Chimpanzees recognize themselves in the mirror.
Chimpanzees recruit the best collaborator.
Chimpanzees reproduce through the process of sexual intercourse between a male and a female.
Chimpanzees require diets.
Chimpanzees require food.
Chimpanzees resemble animals.
Chimpanzees resemble homos.
Chimpanzees resemble humans more than they resemble gorillas.
Chimpanzees roam jungle.
Chimpanzees rollick about in loosely-knit groups through the tropical forest or savannah.
Chimpanzees seek out and use certain plants medicinally, to treat symptoms of various illnesses.
Chimpanzees seem as intelligent.
Chimpanzees share a relatively recent ancestor with humans.
Chimpanzees share ancestors.
Chimpanzees share forests.
Chimpanzees share habitats.
Chimpanzees share numerous sociological and behavioral traits with humans.
Chimpanzees show anger through body movements and vocal noises.
Chimpanzees show basic emotions of anger, sadness, and happiness.
Chimpanzees show differences.
Chimpanzees show evidence.
Chimpanzees show interest.
Chimpanzees show their emotions with their faces and sounds .
Chimpanzees show their emotions with their faces and sounds.
Chimpanzees show variation.
Chimpanzees sit in trees.
Chimpanzees sniff and smell at the anogenital swellings of females.
Chimpanzees spend a great deal of time socializing.
Chimpanzees spend a lot of time grooming each other.
Chimpanzees spend most of their time on the ground.
Chimpanzees spend the bulk their time feeding or moving from one food source to another.
Chimpanzees stand on feet.
Chimpanzees stay with mothers.
Chimpanzees still live in the same environment as they did thousands of years ago.
Chimpanzees strengthen friendships by spending extensive time grooming each other.
Chimpanzees throw food.
Chimpanzees travel in groups which occupy a general home range.
Chimpanzees travel in groups.
Chimpanzees travel mostly on the ground by knuckle walking.
Chimpanzees use grooming to calm and comfort one another.
Chimpanzees use hands.
Chimpanzees use of human and conspecific social cues to locate hidden food.
Chimpanzees use self-distraction to cope with impulsivity.
Chimpanzees use strategies.
Chimpanzees use tools more than any other animal except man.
Chimpanzees use tools to gather food.
Chimpanzees use tools to solve a greater range of problems, than any animal apart from humans.
Chimpanzees utilize a great diversity of habitat types.
Chimpanzees walk on all fours, resting them- selves on the calloused back of their hands.
Chimpanzees walk on feet.
Chimpanzees often use tools in the wild.
Chimpanzees usually have their own nests or homes.
Chimpanzees usually sleep in the trees as well, employing nests of leaves.
Many chimpanzees die from wounds caused by snares set for other animals.
Most chimpanzees adapt to environments.
Most chimpanzees are evolved from ancestors.
Most chimpanzees are located in forests.
Most chimpanzees descend from apes.
Most chimpanzees develop antibodies.
Most chimpanzees develop ears.
Most chimpanzees eat ants.
Most chimpanzees eat bananas.
Most chimpanzees eat certain plants.
Most chimpanzees eat diets.
Most chimpanzees eat food.
