Kids have dreams.
Kids have ear and nose piercings, boys wear black nail polish, kids stay out late.
Kids have easy access to weapons that can maim and kill.
Kids have energy.
Kids have enormous energy and enthusiasm, while older people have great experience and wisdom.
Kids have enough disruption in their lives today.
Kids have enough stress with school, homework, chores, friends, etc.
Kids have eyes.
Kids have families.
Kids have few safe places to play.
Kids have fire drills in school.
Kids have first amendment rights too.
Kids Have First Amendment Rights, Too.
Kids have food.
Kids have fun and learn about respect, responsibility and the right behavior.
Kids have fun and learn.
Kids have fun during launch delay called because of wind.
Kids have fun in our programs, and rapidly learn large areas of natural history.
Kids have fun learning addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, fractions, decimals.
Kids have fun planting and watching their favorite vegetables grow.
Kids have fun surfing the net.
Kids have fun watching it, but it's really geared for adults.
Kids have fun while building their knowledge of local species and how they live together.
Kids have fun while gaining an awareness of safety and more through literature and demonstrations.
Kids have fun while they learn how to make new friends, build new skills and grow in self-reliance.
Kids have fun with hands on activities and worthwhile experiences.
Kids have fun with it.
Kids have fun without drinking.
Kids have fun.
Kids have generous tendencies.
Kids have great enthusiasm and energy to figure out and act on their own direction in life.
Kids have great ideas and aspirations.
Kids have growth hormones.
Kids have gun racks on their bikes.
Kids have hands.
Kids have high ambitions.
Kids have high caloric needs and small bellies, so snacking is unavoidable.
Kids have homework.
Kids have hormones too.
Kids have hormones.
Kids have inherent loyalty conflicts, it's unavoidable.
Kids have intense emotions.
Kids have interest in other things.
Kids have it hard growing up with several sets of parents.
Kids have it so easy today.
Kids have it, parents have it, co-workers etc.
Kids have knowledge.
Kids have less disposable income and are more price-sensitive.
Kids have lice.
Kids have life.
Kids have little computer bodies with disks that store information.
Kids have little sense of risk, or concern about arrest or imprisonment.
Kids have little stomachs.
Kids have little trouble memorizing basic, smaller number facts.
Kids have lots and lots of questions.
Kids have lots of fun there.
Kids have lots of fun while visiting New Haven.
Kids have lots of fun, learning about themselves, and also express how they are feeling.
Kids have lots of problems.
Kids have low sales resistance for sweet things.
Kids have many questions surrounding the developmentally disabled.
Kids have many ways to go around detectors.
Kids have mathematical ability.
Kids have minds like steel traps.
Kids have minds of their own.
Kids have moms.
Kids have money for CDs, for gas to put in the car, for hanging out and going to the movies.
Kids have money to spend and are now developing brand awareness at an early age.
Kids have money, and they have specific things they want to do.
Kids have more free time to explore their computer in detail.
Kids have more options than ever when it comes to sports.
Kids have more options.
Kids have more status than dogs.
Kids have much lower tax rates.
Kids have much shorter fuses.
Kids have nine weeks on and three weeks off, four times a year.
Kids have no choice of who their parents are.
Kids have no difficulty buying into the concept.
Kids have no intention of going down.
Kids have no money.
Kids have no patience.
Kids have no privacy.
Kids have no respect for life.
Kids have no rights in the supposedly democratic United States.
Kids have no such power, the power of the franchise, and are largely ignored.
Kids have no voice in our society.
Kids have one less reason to respect an umpire.
Kids have pain.
Kids have parents.
Kids have performance.
Kids have pizzas.
Kids have ridiculously easy access to firearms.
Kids have school, and homework after school, so they have no time.
Kids have senses.
Kids have sex outside relationships because they are scared and afraid of getting hurt.
Kids have short attention spans.
Kids have shorter attention spans than adults.
Kids have small stomachs.
Kids have soccer practice, music lessons and tutors.
Kids have soccer teams, theater classes, lunchtime recess.
Kids have some great expectations about prayer.
Kids have some horse fun enjoy horse puzzles and learn horse knowledge.
Kids have spontaneous curiosities.
Kids have story time, playground time, crafts, and snacks with a caring and fun loving staff.
Kids have stress, too.
Kids have strong emotions, and one of the most common is anger.
Kids have such a fascinating perspective on life, and their imagination can absolutely run wild.
Kids have such problems with their own violent behavior.
Kids have symptoms to an extreme, more on the exaggerated end.
Kids have talent.
Kids have teeth.
Kids have tender feelings.
Kids have that wonderful ability to adapt and fit in that adults often loose.
Kids have the advantage because they have knowledge of all the characters.
Kids have the advantage of a child-friendly environment.
Kids have the chance to build roads or bring water into the area to nourish the wildlife.
Kids have the chance to play quality talent from around the area.
Kids have the company of other kids.
Kids have the energy to go for miles.
Kids have the energy, the time, and the spirit to dream up amazing ways of helping needy people.
Kids have the opportunity to get a good education at public high schools.
Kids have the possibility to play, or at least touch, the instruments.
Kids have the power to change the world.
Kids have the power.
Kids have the right to be cared for when they're sick or well.
Kids have the right to be loved.
Kids have the right to protection from harmful people or material.
Kids have the same classmates all day.
Kids have the same programming privileges as adults.
Kids have the tendency to compare what other parents allow.
Kids have their faces painted like pirates and board a real live pirate ship.
Kids have their mouths wide open.
Kids have their own checkin area and dining area.
Kids have their own coaches.
Kids have their own concession stand and there's a barbershop behind home plate.
Kids have their own foods to enjoy including chicken fingers, fries and more.
Kids have their own full-day activity programs, which are tailored to four age groups.
Kids have their own games and prizes.
Kids have their own issues when eating out.
Kids have their own lives.
Kids have their own menu and TV screen.
Kids have their own menu here too.
Kids have their own real estate, too.
Kids have their own rooms.
Kids have their own sense of humour.
Kids have their own special pediatric doctors, nurses and hospitals.
Kids have their own TVs, their own VCRs, their own phones.
Kids have their own workshop at the same time.
Kids have their problems, too.
Kids have their rights to freedom of assembly rigidly controlled on campus.
Kids have thinner skin and thus are severely scalded at lower temperatures than adults.
Kids have to answer questions and unscramble clues and words to get the correct answers.
Kids have to attend.
Kids have to be helped to control their impulses.
Kids have to be in the right mind-set to be on the right path.
Kids have to be one of the great under-utilized energy resources in North America.
Kids have to be part of Jewish holiday preparations, traditions and observances.
Kids have to be reminded that being online is very different than playing a video game.
Kids have to be taught to understand their limitations in what they can get the dog to do.
Kids have to be watched at all times.
Kids have to blow ping pong balls from the line into the cup.
Kids have to catch what is coming in on the wire and piece together the beginning of a puzzle.
Kids have to choose one or the other.
Kids have to complete sentences to assemble puzzles, and more.
Kids have to dance, they just have to.
Kids have to do spectacular feats to get on television, or spectacular crimes.
Kids have to do things that they can feel some direct pride in.
Kids have to drag their parents out of there.
Kids have to draw upon their math skills to help save the world.
Kids have to enjoy it.
Kids have to figure out WHAT they're supposed to be doing.
Kids have to figure out why the baby is crying and try to console it with one of the keys.
Kids have to fill in the background details with their imaginations.
Kids have to find the timer before the alarm sounds, or the next round begins.
Kids have to fish often in order to build a foundation of success and skills they can rely on later.
Kids have to fit in.
Kids have to go to school.
Kids have to grow up so quickly there.
Kids have to have access to alternative environments.
Kids have to have freedom when it comes to extracurricular activities.
Kids have to identify the highlighted portion of a map.
Kids have to keep their parks financially as well as ecologically viable.
Kids have to know one thing, how to pass the puck, and how to skate it, and how to enjoy the game.
Kids have to know that there are consequences for everything they do.
Kids have to know that they can solve their own problems.
Kids have to know their bug facts in order to keep their collection.
Kids have to lay off smoking, because it can really ruin their bodies and their lives.
Kids have to learn about dog safety .
Kids have to learn behavior has consequences.
Kids have to learn how to fail.
Kids have to learn to be accountable.
Kids have to learn to be part of a community.
Kids have to learn to be patient.
Kids have to learn to play.
Kids have to learn to speak out, to make moral judgments.
Kids have to make their own choices and mistakes.
Kids have to match up shapes, animals, dots on dice and letters, too.
Kids have to participate in making that happen.
Kids have to pay for the parts they've used with using bugs as currency.
Kids have to practice logic skills of deduction and reasoning to pass through the forest.
Kids have to put in eight hours of service for the first offense.
Kids have to qualify for food, but once they do, they get it.
Kids have to read for comprehension, problem-solve, and search for information.
Kids have to realize that every vote counts.
Kids have to realize there are responsibilities that have to be adhered to.
Kids have to remember to do that.
Kids have to respond.
Kids have to ride in the back seat.
Kids have to share books with one another.
Kids have to solve their own problems.
Kids have to stand up and make some value judgments.
Kids have to take a beginner's course before they hunt for the first time.
Kids have to think as well as play.
Kids have to think in terms of safety as being more important than confidentiality.
Kids have to use technology for educational purposes.
Kids have to want it themselves.
Kids have too many rules.
Kids have too much free and idle time.
Kids have too much homework, the authors say.
Kids have too much to do with sports and other activities to have time to work.
Kids have tremendous power.
Kids have trouble being away from mom.
Kids have unusual ability.
Kids have unusual mathematical ability.
Kids have upper hands.
Kids have valuable perspectives, but the world offers no mechanism to voice their opinions.
Kids have very little, elderly people have lots.
Kids have visions of cherry tomatoes stuffed with cream cheese dancing in their heads.
Kids have weak hind legs eventually leading to paralysis.
Kids have white teeth.
Kids have wonderful abilities and imaginations.
Kids have wonderful ideas and logic.
Kids have wonderful ideas.
Kids have wonderful imaginations and are very natural storytellers.
Kids have years.
Kids having fun while learning keeps teachers and students involved.
Kids having kids' is an apt description.
Kids having traditional heart surgery remain in the hospital five to seven days.
Kids heal faster from that type of thing than adults do.
Kids hear a nice story, too.
Kids hear about life on the farm in Spanish or English while they color the page.
Kids hear about the program in a variety of ways.
Kids hear about volunteer opportunities through school projects, parents, other adults, and friends.
Kids hear sounds and letters to form and read words.
Kids hear that from their parents.
Kids hear that question a lot, but have few chances to explore different careers.
Kids hear that slogan all the time.
Kids hear the music first, then they listen to the lyrics.
Kids hear the news through a million different sources.
Kids hear untrue things in the hallways and from their friends about sex.
Kids Help .
Kids help a broken carousel pony by solving puzzles.
Kids help and are included from start to finish.
Kids Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Kids help by repeating music patterns.
Kids help choose the monthly projects.
Kids Help is Canada's only toll-free national telephone counseling service for children and youth.
Kids help kids find sites that are fun and that help with homework.
Kids help kids in computer literacy program.
Kids Help Line at all times is directed by the children and young people who are our clients.
Kids help other kids.
Kids help out their spy parents.
Kids help save the day by exploring the house, and ultimately finding the five missing friends.
Kids help script, act, and edit.
Kids Help Themselves.
Kids here are very accustomed to navigating the river.
Kids here are very frightened by dogs.
Kids here don t listen, respect their elders the way they did in the old country.
Kids here have incredible freedom.
Kids here know they have to be good to even try out.
Kids here learn about the water.
Kids here like to ski and sled.
Kids here struggle with the same stuff other kids do, like drinking and drugs.
Kids here survive one day at a time.
Kids hide how they're feeling.
Kids hike twice as fast in the front as they do in the back.
Kids Hits a frequently-changing listing of internet sites for children.
Kids hold a spear, a gun, or a bow in their hands.
Kids hold balloons.
Kids hold themselves accountable.
Kids hone their money sense by playing games.
Kids hop on one leg down the racecourse.
Kids hope for one more snow day.
Kids horse around.
Kids huddle in the corner.
Kids hurt animals.
Kids ice the cookies and decorate to their liking.
Kids illustrate facts about ozone depletion by drawing cartoons.
Kids imitate adult actions and behaviors.
Kids imitate their parents.
Kids imitate what they see and hear.
Kids imitate wrestling.
Kids improve health.
Kids includes fun for all ages.
Kids inevitably become a chip off the old block in many ways.
Kids inherit traits from their parents.
Kids initiate more work.
Kids inspire athletes.
Kids insult each other all the time.
Kids interact with a space creature looking for better garbage disposal methods.
Kids interact with favorite characters, building self-esteem and social skills.
Kids interpret lack of time or intimacy as rejection.
Kids interpret things different than adults.
Kids interpret things differently than adults.
Kids intuitively understand that.
Kids invent stories, learn spatial concepts, play matching games, and practice color recognition.
Kids invent their own tall tales.
Kids invent things in their bedrooms.
Kids investigate and evaluate community members' attitudes about community issues.
Kids investigate gases.
Kids investigate greenhouse gases.
Kids investigate how different angles can affect the speed and distance of a ball.
Kids involve in activities.
Kids involved in the program have opinions too.
Kids is a great site to visit.
Kids is a horror movie for people who want to think the worst.
Kids is a national education network bringing schools and communities together for education.
Kids is a program that allows our students to help children who have life-threatening illnesses.
Kids is a wonderful source of information, activities, and links for kids of all ages.
Kids is an easy movie to analyze.
Kids is an educational program for school-age children with cancer and blood diseases.
Kids is an exceptional opportunity for both business partners and students to learn together.
Kids is mainly a writing class for students who are already excellent writers.
Kids is sick.
Kids is strictly for kids.
Kids is too darn slow.
Kids is too dramatically listless, too artfully artless, to be truly offensive.
Kids is very much an attempt to alert people who are out of touch with adolescent behavior today.
Kids join a musical band and tour the U.S. while solving math problems.
Kids join gangs as a replacement for the family.
Kids join gangs because they want to belong to something or they want to do something.
Kids join gangs instead of little league teams.
Kids join in an attempt to obtain safety from the violence.
Kids join in the singing, while their parents sip lattes and chat with neighbors.
Kids join in the sleuthing adventure, gathering items for the trap.
Kids join the organization by wanting to be a part of it.
Kids join to belong.
Kids joining blended families often have feelings of alienation and long for their old family.
Kids judge, based on behavior.
Kids jump up and down, dancing about when they hear our music.
Kids just access the child-appropriate stuff on the computer as well as on the Web.
Kids just assume that their design just is.
Kids just can t get a break, no matter how responsible.
Kids just enjoy being together.
Kids just find a way past it.
Kids just get mad and wait it out, and then go out again.
Kids just get on the computer and start playing.
Kids just go ape over that one.
Kids just hangin out all day, playin and huntin .
Kids just happen to know what it means.
Kids just have a real eye-opener.
Kids just have a very low opinion of life.
Kids just have such a great outlook on life, it really puts everything in perspective.
Kids just have to find things out for themselves.
Kids just have to listen more.
Kids just have too much TV time as it is.
Kids just hop in and buckle up.
Kids just know they are running a lot and want to stop.
Kids just know.
Kids just laugh when they are asked if music drives kids to commit acts of violence.
Kids just love the cheese dosas.
Kids just love touching the soft, fuzzy leaves.
Kids just respond to economic incentives too.
Kids just rub their hands on the mesh to lather up.
Kids just say the funniest things sometimes.
Kids just see too much violence.
Kids just speak their minds.
Kids just stand up to the ball and go at it.
Kids just take for granted their name.
Kids keep a reading log where they note the time they spend reading each day.
Kids keep coming out and wanting to see.
Kids keep coming out for basketball.
Kids keep coming to sign a memorial at the house.
Kids keep killing kids with their parents' guns.
Kids keep lots of good things in their pockets.
Kids keep on using facility, practicing, having fun, even some homework usage developing.
Kids keep the balloons in the air until the music stops, then freeze with their balloon when off.
Kids keep the same counselor for three years.
Kids keep their eyes pealed toward the candy.
Kids kill because they see no other way to fight for themselves, and it's a shame.
Kids kill kids cause of anger and stress.
Kids kill kids over dice.
Kids kill other kids just to see what it is like.
Kids killing kids is just a sign of the times.
Kids killing other kids is a problem with our societal norms.
Kids kiss adults ' hands .
Kids kiss adults' hands.
Kids kneel on a chair and drop pieces of candy corn, one at a time, into a glass on the floor.
Kids knock down mailboxes.
Kids know a lot of things, and they care about a lot of things.
Kids know adult secrets.
Kids know better than anybody else what's going on.
Kids know each other s ages, and usually think their mother is young and their father is old.
Kids know each other s ages, think their mother is young and their father is old.
Kids know exactly what they want.
Kids know how to act.
Kids know how to emulate their parents.
Kids know how to get what they want.
Kids know how to have it.
Kids know how to have tremendous fun with tremendously simple things.
Kids know how to make good choices.
Kids know it by heart.
Kids know it's there.
Kids know it's wrong to kill.
Kids know kids, and when it comes to helping each other, there's no one more willing.
Kids know killing is wrong.
Kids know lyrics to certain hip-hop songs more than they know the Declaration of Independence.
Kids know more than they can say.
Kids know music.
Kids know no one but their peers.
Kids know only that they have fun and that the nuns are nice.
Kids know our vocabulary and see our actions.
Kids know parents' preferences, and they know which rules are generally enforced.
Kids know that by asking questions.
Kids know that cheating is dishonest, but other concerns are more important.
Kids know that our society values sports but gives education only lip service.
Kids know that playing with food can make it taste better.
Kids know that the violence on the television shows is make believe.
Kids know that they are just pretending.
Kids know that through their experience of it.
Kids know that.
Kids know the difference between scripted material and real talk.
Kids know the difference.
Kids know the inherent dangers of guns.
Kids know the lines are drawn revolution is touching all of our lives.
Kids know their job roles in advance and get involved at once.
Kids know there are limits now.
Kids know they have it good.
Kids know what is going to happen.
Kids know what kids want, and they really think it over and shop carefully.
Kids know what the standards are.
Kids know what their parents are doing.
Kids know what's going on.
Kids know what's right and what's wrong, regardless what our record says.
Kids know when a person is stressed out, so just give it some time.
Kids know when their parents are ducking a question.
Kids know when they are being bought off.
Kids know when they are being played.
Kids know when they aren t feeling well.
Kids know when they're being talked at instead of being talked with.
Kids know when they're really welcome .
Kids laugh and make jokes.
Kids laugh when told the hilarious ending.
Kids laugh with a monkey, roar with a lion, count swimming ducks, and even get to chase mice.
Kids laugh with a monkey, roar with a lion, count swimming rhymes, wild ducks, chase mice and more.
Kids lead a much more sedentary life than ever before.
Kids lead increasingly rigid lives.
Kids lead life.
Kids leap in and out of the fountains.
Kids leap up.
Kids learn a lot by simply watching their parents.
Kids learn a lot by working with mentors who are themselves learning new things.
Kids learn a simple song and dance routine.
Kids learn about a culture then print and build a diorama of a scene from everyday life.
Kids learn about buildings.
Kids learn about coastal marshes and environmental issues.
Kids learn about different foods and share their opinions with others.
Kids learn about farm animals and crops.
Kids learn about food, food preparation, food science, and healthy eating.
Kids learn about frogs.
Kids learn about illnesses, procedures and coping and learn the definitions of difficult terms.
Kids learn about insect adaptations by comparing insect bodies to their own.
Kids learn about issues and gain valuable skills.
Kids learn about Jewish holidays and history.
Kids learn about lessons.
Kids learn about measuring while developing fine motor skills by rolling dough.
Kids learn about musical instruments and musical styles like blues, gospel and jazz.
Kids learn about nutrition and health through interactive quizzes and cookbook.
Kids learn about other cultures by immersing themselves in the land.
Kids learn about patterns of interaction between humans and water systems.
Kids learn about pet care, endangered animals, and what it takes to become a veterinarian.
Kids learn about plants, gardening and the natural world.
Kids learn about rubber tires, volcanoes and ancient leaders.
Kids learn about science in a way that is fun and encoura- ging.
Kids learn about science.
Kids learn about secret codes and can send secret messages to their friends.
Kids learn about Spanish culture in a fun and educational way.
Kids learn about the composer, the piece, the instruments, the musical style.
Kids learn about the food chain and food web.
Kids learn about the goals and methods of scientists who study in the field.
Kids learn about the relationship of nutrients and health through an interactive quiz.
Kids learn about their environment by touching, tasting, smelling.
Kids learn about their heart rate and how to maximize their exercise performance.
Kids learn about their role as a babysitter and the accompanying responsibilities.
Kids learn about their sexuality from the day they are born.
Kids learn about things like manners, simple hygiene, recycling, seasons, safety, and more.
Kids learn about washing hands and food safety.
Kids learn about what other kids around the world eat on a daily basis.
Kids learn all about horses and riding.
Kids learn all about pressure and volcanoes.
Kids learn all about reading, arithmetic, art, music, time, shapes, colors and more.
Kids learn all sorts of interesting facts by clicking objects along the trail.
Kids learn and behave.
Kids learn as they manage the park, and details are critical.
Kids learn basic horsemanship and stable management.
Kids learn basic life skills at the center.
Kids learn basic music theory and dance history through videos of professional dancers.
Kids learn basic technical aspects of skiing and jumping all over the mountain.
Kids learn because that is simply their response to interest in a subject.
Kids learn because the are motivated to win the treasure.
Kids learn best by doing.
Kids learn best by example.
Kids learn best from moms and dads who eat healthfully.
Kids learn best through example.
Kids learn best when learning is integrated around topics of interest.
Kids learn best when parents and teachers work together.
Kids learn best when they can take part in activities.
Kids learn better from each other.
Kids learn better in a comfortable environment.
Kids learn better in smaller classrooms.
Kids learn better when they are challenged to be creative.
Kids learn better when they experience.
Kids learn better when they help to choose what they study.
Kids learn by copying.
Kids learn by doing things.
Kids learn by doing.
Kids learn by example.
Kids learn by facing the consequences of their actions.
Kids learn by hands-on experience about tools, teamwork, and race technology.
Kids learn by imitating what they see.
Kids learn by imitation.
Kids learn by making decisions and taking action based upon values.
Kids learn by osmosis.
Kids learn by the action of adults.
Kids learn by trial and error, invention, discovery, intuition.
Kids learn by watching and mimicking.
Kids learn by watching their parents.
Kids learn by watching what others do, and the consequences of what others do.
Kids learn caring and sharing right from the beginning.
Kids learn civics in classes and participate in hands-on voting.
Kids learn colors, counting, problem solving, and other skills.
Kids learn crafts, traditions, stories and much more.
Kids learn days of the week, months of the year, animals in the zoo etc.
Kids learn decoding skills while learning to spell and increase their vocabulary.
Kids learn different skills in different shops and stops.
Kids learn different things at different ages.
Kids learn differently.
Kids learn early reading and math skills via games, puzzles, and interactive stories.
Kids learn everything from how to bunt to how to hit a home run.
Kids learn facts, save and print text and pictures, and find names of other books to check.
Kids learn fast that they can make big dollars without an education.
Kids learn fast.
Kids learn faster and with greater confidence.
Kids learn faster in an environment conducive to learning.
Kids learn fire safety in the training room of the fire dept.
Kids learn French and creative arts in our summer camp.
Kids learn from a noble.
Kids learn from beatings, no question.
Kids learn from more sources than just their teachers.
Kids learn from our example.
Kids learn from parents.
Kids learn from their mothers, other adults in the herd and from older kids.
Kids learn from their parents' example.
Kids learn from their significant others how to act.
Kids learn from watching their parents.
Kids learn games.
Kids learn good scientific procedures.
Kids learn great games.
Kids learn how colors blend.
Kids learn how happy they can make someone through a small amount of money, time and effort.
Kids learn how to act based on the way they are treated.
Kids learn how to apply life principles while playing fun, familiar games.
Kids learn how to behave in a democracy that way.
Kids Learn how to create a positive learning experience.
Kids Learn how to make good pictures with kids.
Kids learn how to measure raindrops, find out what's in the air, and look at snowflakes up close.
Kids learn how to respect themselves, other people, and the environment.
Kids learn how to ride a bicycle safely, as well as how to maintain a safe bicycle to ride.
Kids learn how to stay safe and have good manners while on-line.
Kids learn how to use a map, read a compass and follow directions.
Kids learn importance.
Kids learn important engineering, programming and problem solving skills in a meaningful context.
Kids learn important science concepts through activities hosted by characters they know and love.
Kids learn in communion.
Kids learn in different ways.
Kids learn it as soon as they walk.
Kids learn Jewish tradition through full color pictures and words.
Kids learn leadership skills from their first day in Scouting.
Kids learn literacy in music program Music can evoke an array of emotions in listeners.
Kids learn lots.
Kids learn many important life lessons at the ballpark.
Kids learn map reading and navigational skills.
Kids learn math principles through the use of number lines and concrete materials.
Kids learn more about their culture and society today from media than any other source.
Kids learn more about their world.
Kids learn more from real-life example than from moving picture boxes.
Kids learn more from their coaches about character than about athletic performance.
Kids learn more in school and are more likely to become productive adults.
Kids learn more math from that than they do anything else at that age.
Kids learn more with hands- on activities and by having fun.
Kids learn new uses for milk cartons, paper bags, and other disposables.
Kids Learn new words every week, along with their parts of speech and definitions.
Kids learn new words fast through song, rhythm, mime and movement.
Kids learn news skills and make friends.
Kids learn non-violence, consumerism, environmental and diversity issues, creative play and more.
Kids learn prejudice from the adults in their lives.
Kids learn pretty quickly what makes their world go 'round.
Kids learn procedures.
Kids learn putting from a pro and cooking in the resort kitchen.
Kids learn quickly to play one parent against the other.
Kids learn respect for other people and for their ideas.
Kids learn responsibility for animals by handling simple daily chores around the ranch.
Kids learn responsibility out here.
Kids learn science tge easy, hands-on way with Science Made Simple.
Kids learn science the easy, hands-on way with Science Made Simple.
Kids learn science while they're having fun.
Kids learn scientific principles by examining toys and games through imaginative play.
Kids learn scientific procedures.
Kids learn sequencing as they assemble a colorful, dog-driven wooden dump truck.
Kids learn skills at different rates too.
Kids learn skills that develop self-confidence and independence.
Kids learn so much better in small classes.
Kids learn so much more from hands-on activities.
Kids learn team spirit.
Kids learn team work and cooperation plus have fun doing so.
Kids learn teamwork and commitment while working with others who know more than they do.
Kids learn that and they'll play better.
Kids learn that being a chemist is like being a detective.
Kids learn that one word can have different meanings.
Kids learn that reading has a direct impact on their ability to succeed.
Kids learn that real people, like themselves, make careers of writing or creating art.
Kids learn that tacos are as popular in Mexico as hamburgersare in the United States.
Kids learn that they can run in front of cars because of humps.
Kids learn that they have no rights with respect to their physical and intellectual well-being.
Kids learn that very quickly.
Kids learn the alphabet and more.
Kids learn the basics of running a business.
Kids learn the biblical principle of forgiveness.
Kids learn the food pyramid, read labels, and more.
Kids learn the fundamentals quickly but the top players are incredibly skilled and clever.
Kids learn the game and have a good time.
Kids learn the most from watching their parents.
Kids learn the musical alphabet and note position on the keyboard.
Kids learn the skills of the basic diagonal stride, poling and stopping.
Kids learn the virtues of teamwork, commitment and setting goals.
Kids learn their colours as they put together the matching halves.
Kids learn through all their senses.
Kids learn through discussion, creating, composing and connecting.
Kids learn through games, song, art, cooking and more.
Kids learn through observation.
Kids learn through the senses and absorb information at an incredible rate.
Kids learn to accept foods in a social and cultural context.
Kids learn to add and subtract using delicious story problems and classic candies.
Kids learn to be grown-ups by watching adults.
Kids learn to build projects using legos and a variety of common household ingredients.
Kids learn to co-exist and work as a team while learning the game of softball.
Kids learn to collect while adults enjoy it as a pastime providing an escape from everyday pressure.
Kids learn to defend themselves by learning how to box.
Kids learn to develop a deep love and respect for the environment.
Kids learn to feed, halter train, performance train, groom and show llamas.
Kids learn to feel good about themselves and to care about others.
Kids learn to fly before they learn to drive.
Kids learn to get along with others in a non-academic environment.
Kids learn to hate who their family, community, and leaders hate.
Kids learn to identify numbers, letters, colors and also how to play with others.
Kids learn to match letters with letter sounds and with things that start with that letter.
Kids learn to play with themes and characters from the show.
Kids learn to print italics which segue into cursive italics.
Kids learn to put situations in context.
Kids learn to read almost immediately in the program, which is a good motivating factor.
Kids learn to read and pronounce words as they sing along with the songs.
Kids learn to read as they travel through galaxies of sounds, words, sentences and stories.
Kids learn to read for detail.
Kids learn to read notes, count time, and master basic fingering techniques on the recorder.
Kids learn to read, and direct instruction helps.
Kids learn to ride in a fun and supportive environment.
Kids learn to save money and have fun at the same time.
Kids learn to save their money, and how to spend it wisely.
Kids learn to sculpt objects, make coil and pinch pots, use the potter's wheel and glaze the pots.
Kids learn to set goals, deal with stress, handle peer pressure and make good friends.
Kids learn to sing just as they learn to talk - by imitating other people.
Kids learn to skateboard by getting a skateboard and hanging out on the street.
Kids learn to stand up to pain after awhile, anyway.
Kids learn to talk about feelings and understand human fallibility.
Kids learn to use a variety of tools and gain much practice in sharing scientific equipment.
Kids learn traffic by watching and doing.
Kids learn valuable lessons through failure.
Kids learn very important values on a farm.
Kids learn well from instructors and from each other.
Kids learn well from other kids.
Kids learn what bunnies eat and how they live, both in the wild and as pets.
Kids learn what it takes to make a book or to be a great writer.
Kids Learn What They Live.
Kids learn what they watch.
Kids learn when it matters.
Kids learn when they experiment in school the same way they learn during play.
Kids learn while having fun.
Kids learn, parents laugh.
Kids learning games for preschool children teach basics in different languages.
Kids learning how to inline skate, ride their bikes or scooters can use the flat, interior surfaces.
Kids learnthat by blending red and yellow, for example, they can make the color,orange.
Kids leave families.
Kids leave homes.
Kids leave the doors to their rooms open while they masturbate.
Kids leave the nest.
Kids leave tons of beer there.
Kids leave trash.
Kids leave with a sense of accomplishment and a better understanding of the effects of littering.
Kids leave with a windsurfing report card after each class.
Kids lift tickets cost less.
Kids lift weights all the time and swing hard.
Kids like to be able to identify their food.
Kids like to be around other kids who share the same ideas and problems.
Kids like to be around their friends who drink.
Kids like to be daring and achieve something physical.
Kids like to be involved with games like volleyball, badminton, etc.
Kids like to be listened to.
Kids like to be part of a purposeful group.
Kids like to be part of a winning program.
Kids like to be with parents, but they feel lonly at home and unwanted.
Kids like to choose the pieces and make up their own story.
Kids like to click and see what's next.
Kids like to climb it - as high as possible until the angle is too steep.
Kids like to drink.
Kids like to eat fun food.
Kids like to explore, climb, grab and poke.
Kids like to feel good in the water as much as they like to look good.
Kids like to feel needed and appreciated.
Kids like to feel they're cool, and be seen to be cool.
Kids like to fish too.
Kids like to fold papers, stuff envelopes, seal flaps, and just get involved.
Kids like to gamble and engage in other risky behavior.
Kids like to gossip.
Kids like to grow big things, so a giant sunflower is just perfect for a beginner gardener.
Kids like to grow big things, so a sunflower fits the bill.
Kids like to hang out and drink here.
Kids like to have a few familiar, comforting things nearby when they are away from home.
Kids like to have a pet they can pick up and cuddle all the time.
Kids like to have a routine.
Kids like to hear it talk.
Kids like to help out, really they do.
Kids like to identify with something.
Kids like to know what they're going to get.
Kids like to know what they're looking at and where they are.
Kids like to learn.
Kids like to look at maps, really any kind of maps and globes are a plus.
Kids like to make flowers for their parents.
Kids like to play the game.
Kids like to play with fire.
Kids like to play with toupees.
Kids like to point out when adults are wrong.
Kids like to pretend they are at the movie theater.
Kids like to read the sidebars.
Kids like to ride adult-sized women's bikes.
Kids like to see what other kids are doing.
Kids like to share what's going on in their lives with their family.
Kids like to snack during the lesson.
Kids like to spend recess running around on the playgrounds and jumping on the equipment.
Kids like to suck on tablets and munch spirulina covered popcorn.
Kids like to suck the nectar from the flowers which are very sweet.
Kids like to swing on the roots.
Kids like to taste and explore everything.
Kids like to test each other.
Kids like to throw their things.
Kids like to touch the knobs and instruments.
Kids like to turn knobs, push buttons and make things happen.
Kids like to wander while they wonder in a science center.
Kids like to watch parents get upset.
Kids like to watch that, too.
Kids like to watch trains go around in the dark, too.
Kids like to wear their club colors.
Kids like to work.
Kids line the chain-linked style fence that protects the fans from wayward pucks.
Kids line up at the start of the mile.
Kids line up for carnival rides.
Kids line up for the Web connection in the Library.
Kids line up one after another to give it their best run.
Kids line up to receive their 'goody bags' as they leave at the end of the day.
Kids line up with their bikes, and the players board the bikes for the short ride.
Kids link provides views of space, the earth's oceans, and other interesting sights.
Kids link to sites that explore ants, bees, butterflies, roaches, and more.
Kids listen better.
Kids listen to an animal sound and click on the corresponding animal.
Kids Listen to and understand others.
Kids listen to each other before they listen to an adult.
Kids listen to each other more than anyone else.
Kids listen to music CDs with lyrics of hopelessness, sex, murder and suicide.
Kids listen to music while watching cute animations.
Kids listen to their music, then do stupid actions that don t help anybody.
Kids listen to their role models, their parents, far more than they do any government or president.
Kids listen, adults think they know everything.
Kids live and breathe TV's interpretation of Wrestling.
Kids live in a confusing world trying to figure out who they are.
Kids live in a different sporting world today, a highly structured one.
Kids live in a visual world.
Kids live in a world of uncertainty.
Kids live in jungles, deserts, and forests, Wherever they are is home.
Kids live in separate universes.
Kids live up to our expectations.
Kids living near the freeway have more incidents of asthma.
Kids living with cats can develop immune responses that prevent asthma development.
Kids loiter at stop signs, harassing drivers of passing cars for food and money.
Kids long remember when they do something right that somebody else has done wrong.
Kids look around and see everyone moving in a fast paced environment.
Kids look at grandmas and grandpas with a special respect and admiration.
Kids look at it as another reading class.
Kids look at the serving size, calories etc. and talk about several examples in class.
Kids look blank.
Kids Look both ways before crossing the street.
Kids look forward to the class and time is more productive.
Kids look forward to the end of the day.
Kids look forward to the same things.
Kids look out their car windows and point.
Kids look sharp instead of trashy.
Kids look so cute because their developing character is so cute.
Kids look to parents for emotional support and reassurance.
Kids look to their parents for financial guidance, but many adults aren t up to the task.
Kids look to young actors and actresses for tips on fashion, music, and attitude.
Kids look up to people.
Kids look up to professional athletes.
Kids look up to the president.
Kids lose hope when they know no one cares.
Kids love a front runner.
Kids Love A Mystery contains lesson plans and online mystery stories.
Kids love a ride on the train.
Kids Love a Sprint.
Kids love adding food color or paint to make the slime.
Kids love airplanes, particularly ones they can build.
Kids love airplanes.
Kids love all kind of magnets.
Kids love anything deep-fried.
Kids love art.
Kids love bananas and calculators.
Kids love being able to feel how their bodies move.
Kids love being creative.
Kids love being online.
Kids love being with other kids.
Kids love big inner tubes.
Kids love boating on Lake Buchanan.
Kids love books about wacky things that can happen at school.
Kids love books or stuffed animals.
Kids love books.
Kids love both.
Kids love bugs.
Kids love catchy tunes, so effective children's ads often utilize music as a key component.
Kids love celebrating early and often.
Kids love climbing among the low spires, or giving the sculptured rocks fanciful names.
Kids love collecting the prize tickets which can be exchanged for small toys.
Kids love competition.
Kids love computers and multimedia.
Kids love computers.
Kids love counting as high as they can.
Kids love cruises.
Kids love crunchy baby carrots with a lowfat dip.
Kids love decorating the tree especially when mud prevents alot of outdoor activity.
Kids love desserts, especially when they can add their own special touches.
Kids love dinosaurs and that's a great thing.
Kids love dinosaurs, so student involvement in the project was assured from the start.
Kids love dinosaurs.
Kids love dirt.
Kids love discovering camera tricks.
Kids love 'em and adults love 'em.
Kids love 'em and so do moms and dads.
Kids love 'em because they are comfy and cool.
Kids love 'em because they're cool.
Kids love em.
Kids love 'em.
Kids love E-mail.
Kids love entertainment.
Kids love everything and Orlando has tons to do.
Kids love experimenting with the different textures and uses for slime.
Kids love experiments.
Kids love family history too.
Kids love fantasy, but in matters of discovery nothing rivals the power of fact.
Kids love fishin' on the dock.
Kids love fishing, too.
Kids love flashlights.
Kids love food on a stick.
Kids love food with lots of fat.
Kids love games.
Kids love geology.
Kids love getting mail.
Kids love getting massages too.
Kids love getting the sports or comics in the mail.
Kids love going online with computers.
Kids love gooing .
Kids love grapes, and they also consume large quantities of raisins and grape juice.
Kids love guessing games, and have fun with parents doing the guessing.
Kids love guessing who s ahead, and the story is easy to read and learn.
Kids love hands-on fun and cars.
Kids love haunted houses, so just put it anywhere.
Kids love having their own private play spaces.
Kids love having their own stash of magazines to go back to and read.
Kids love having things their size and the bright primary color choices are sure to please.
Kids love hearing stories about what their name means and who they're named after.
Kids love helping kids.
Kids love holidays.
Kids love honey water.
Kids love hot lunches.
Kids love humor.
Kids love ice cream, too.
Kids love image processing, but it's only a tool.
Kids love interacting with other kids, even their electronic counterparts.
Kids love it and adults rave about it.
Kids love it and all that stuff.
Kids love it and it is a wonderful gift to give coach as end of the season gift.
Kids love it and it is easier to clean up.
Kids love it and learn to use scissors.
Kids love it and parents can get away for a day while the kids enjoy supervised activities.
Kids love it and parents trust it.
Kids love it and so do college students.
Kids love it and so do grown-ups.
Kids love it and so do the birds.
Kids love it as a coin bank.
Kids love it as much as the adults.
Kids love it because it is fun and easy to learn.
Kids love it because it is fun and makes learning easy.
Kids love it because it's lightweight, easy to throw and difficult to misthrow.
Kids love it because the illustrations are fun and lively.
Kids love it because they can be creative and choose what they like and especially want to eat .
Kids love it here.
Kids love it in play areas, day cares, preschools, and churches.
Kids love it too.
Kids love it when special activities are planned.
Kids love it, and adults learn unusual facts to share, too.
Kids love it, and it's a nice diversion on rainy days.
Kids love it, and so do grown ups.
Kids love it, couples find it romantic, pyromaniacs get a thrill.
Kids love it, especially when grown-ups grab a mike and make fools of themselves.
Kids love it, especiallywhen they find it under their pillows from the fairy.
Kids love it, even if more for the theatrics than the history.
Kids love it, parents hate it.
Kids love it, so do parents on school-visiting days.
Kids love it, so it makes a great holiday gift for the whole family.
Kids love it, they love to plant, and learn the names.
Kids love it, too.
Kids love it.
Kids Love it.
Kids love jokes of all kinds.
Kids love jumping off the deck and diving into the water.
Kids love kitchen toys and role playing.
Kids love learning about Hollywood and the whole process it takes to make a movie.
Kids love leather gloves, suits, hoods, smokers and other safe objects.
Kids love looking at the offer when it arrives.
Kids love magicians and clowns.
Kids love magnets.
Kids love making airbrush art that is created with the power of their own lungs.
Kids love making candles.
Kids love making mixes for themselves or friends.
Kids love making personalized stationery, cards and posters.
Kids love making the white playdough change colors.
Kids love measuring various creatures donning different-sized hats or umbrellas.
Kids love milk.
Kids love most any food wrapped in a tortilla.
Kids love new information.
Kids love obstacles.
Kids love our beach, playground and trails.
Kids love our children's playroom when they take a break from the slopes.
Kids love our friendly farm animals.
Kids love our fun characters, colorful costumes and make-up.
Kids love our hobby programs.
Kids love our playground.
Kids love our theme attractions.
Kids love our zoo.
Kids love painting designs on their hands and decorating their friends.
Kids love painting with the bright, stained-glass colors.
Kids love panning and it's a great value too.
Kids love parties whether they're for themselves or for others.
Kids love pegging activities.
Kids love pets.
Kids love physical displays of praise, like hugs or high-fives.
Kids love picnics.
Kids love pizza and it's only a phone call away.
Kids love pizza, chicken nuggets, hamburgers and hot dogs.
Kids love pizza.
Kids love playing games in their own backyards.
Kids love playing in the water on a hot day.
Kids love playing with the chalk they made themselves.
Kids love poetry.
Kids love posing with fish, even the cusk.
Kids love pounding the colored keys and creating their own songs and rhythms.
Kids love puppies and vice versa, but a little early discipline is crucial.
Kids love reading the newspaper if they are exposed to it.
Kids love receiving unique gifts, like cartoon tracts.
Kids love recess, teachers love recess.
Kids love refried beans.
Kids love repetitive stuff, like rhymes and babble, and they are fascinated with flashing lights.
Kids love rhythm, sound, singing, and dancing.
Kids love riding bikes.
Kids love roller coasters, for natural reasons.
Kids love sand and Illinois Beach State Park has plenty of it.
Kids love scavenger hunts.
Kids love science activities.
Kids love science experiments.
Kids love silliness, but so many adults are uncomfortable with it.
Kids love snow.
Kids love soccer.
Kids love some of the appetizers - especially the portabello pancakes.
Kids love something they can touch.
Kids love sound effects.
Kids love spending time with mom and dad gardening, cooking, sewing and crafting.
Kids love sports, and they love to compete.
Kids love spotting favorite film characters.
Kids love squirt bottles, so they usually love the job of spraying plants.
Kids love standing by the track and waving to the people on board.
Kids love stew pouches.
Kids love stickers and they love their clothes.
Kids love stickers.
Kids love stories that are told in funny ways and tend to pay closer attention.
Kids love stringing macaroni.
Kids love studying bats.
Kids love surprises.
Kids love taking classes in dance and aerobics.
Kids love taking quizzes.
Kids love teaching their teachers.
Kids love that book too.
Kids love that data.
Kids love that it includes an attached small bucket to transport toys and treasures.
Kids love that kind of stuff.
Kids love that part.
Kids love that, too.
Kids love that.
Kids love the accomplishment of creating a class publication.
Kids love the art of turning raw ingredients into a finished product.
Kids love the awesome animated stickers like a giant green frog leaping across the screen.
Kids love the bold, bright illustrations, while parents appreciate their sophistication.
Kids love the book.
Kids love the bright colors.
Kids love the bright ribbons of color it adds to soft-serve or frozen yogurt.
Kids love the camping experience.
Kids love the Caribbean.
Kids love the caves.
Kids love the cheers, chants, making words.
Kids love the classic car boxes that the kids meals come in.
Kids love the colorful, hands-on format.
Kids love the colors.
Kids love the concept of having walkie-talkie and badge.
Kids love the Cookie Card and so do parents.
Kids love the counter-culture.
Kids love the creativity, the activity, and meeting new friends.
Kids love the electric guitar.
Kids love the end of the school year.
Kids love the excitement of being able to operate the boat on their own.
Kids love the excitement of the crowd and the raucous music over the loudspeakers.
Kids love the excitement of the game and learn that little girls can be anything they want to be.
Kids love the exotics for their small size and different appearance.
Kids love the feature where they can register their opinions.
Kids love the fields and farm animals.
Kids love the flavored prescriptions available in many flavors, such as sour apple and pizza.
Kids love the fountain, the flowing spring, and the cave-like structure surrounding it.
Kids love the freedom and independence of paddling their own boat.
Kids love the full size moving dinosaur displays and clamber to experience the earthquake simulator.
Kids love the fun - adults love the simple setup.
Kids love the fun word games.
Kids love the game and it is a fast fun way to clean a room.
Kids love the game too.
Kids love the games and adults love it for the easy internet access.
Kids love the giant bronze spider.
Kids love the greased pig chase, chicken scramble, sack race and egg toss.
Kids love the high-fashion excitement of weddings.
Kids love the hike, but be prepared for the climb back up.
Kids Love the HOT SEAT Drill.
Kids love the humor and the complex issues raised.
Kids love the ice cream waffles and quick mousse.
Kids love the idea of more daylight for skipping school.
Kids love the idea that the earth provides.
Kids love the idea.
Kids love the interaction between the two trumpets.
Kids love the internet, because there are many fun things to do.
Kids love the kits because they are lot of fun.
Kids love the lecture.
Kids love the life-size gray whale sculpture that sits out front.
Kids love the local lakes and streams.
Kids love the meatballs with pasta.
Kids love the menu of pizza, burgers, corn dogs, French fries, and soup.
Kids love the mess and are amazed that they can actually make paper.
Kids love the mixture of fun and hands-on discovery.
Kids love the more animated features of toys.
Kids love the noise.
Kids love the outdoor train and trading post exhibits.
Kids love the paddle boats and huge war canoes there, some of which hold a dozen people or more.
Kids love the physical activity they can get through tumbling and gymnastics.
Kids love the pirate motif.
Kids love the place.
Kids love the playground equipment and free wading pool.
Kids love the pony rides.
Kids love the power doors.
Kids love the ranch.
Kids love the rides, the carnival games, the shows and the treats.
Kids love the round of applause they get after the show.
Kids love the sand, apparently they eat it with gusto.
Kids love the sandstone formations at Rock City.
Kids love the sandy beach, a large playground and a flat interpretive hiking trail.
Kids love the satisfaction of making something they can actually play with or eat.
Kids love the silly humor.
Kids love the site and enjoy the different activities available.
Kids love the site.
Kids love the smell and the feel of it.
Kids love the snake pit and area shops that hold many Native American collector items and souvenirs.
Kids love the soft, friendly feel and pleasing, pebbly soft texture.
Kids love the special effects and teachers appreciate our curriculum-correlated manuals.
Kids love the sun, but the sun doesn t love their skin.
Kids love the surprise of pulling an activity out of a jar.
Kids love the sweet scent of strawberries and mangos.
Kids love the sweet taste, and parents love the nutrition it offers.
Kids love the taste of chocolate milk.
Kids love the tide pools.
Kids love the variety of musical styles, rich sound effects, and captivating children's voices.
Kids love the vast climbing structures, tall, medium and small-sized swings, slides and tunnels.
Kids love the water balloon races.
Kids love the water slide and rope swing while moms always enjoy the upstairs sun deck.
Kids love their bright colors.
Kids love their new scooter.
Kids love to act like they are older.
Kids love to advance through the ranks.
Kids love to apply it to insect bites and all their minor scrapes.
Kids love to ask questions.
Kids love to assemble things, and any cook is sure to love another collection of recipes.
Kids love to be a part of the gift wrapping.
Kids love to be creative, so add some fun here.
Kids love to be involved in planning meals.
Kids love to be involved in planning.
Kids love to be involved in the planning and the doing.
Kids love to be organized when they know how.
Kids love to be special.
Kids love to be the center of attention.
Kids love to blow into the water with a straw to make really big bubbles.
Kids love to build forts or houses out of pillows and cushions from the family couch.
Kids love to build things and then watch to see how they turn out.
Kids love to burry their parents.
Kids love to catch crappie from our docks or extensive shoreline.
Kids love to chat.
Kids love to check off their chores and see their daily allowance.
Kids love to climb on the rock and get their pictures made with the bones.
Kids love to climb through openings, either head first or feet first.
Kids love to climb, that's why amusement parks and fun centers have it.
Kids love to collect.
Kids love to compete against one and other.
Kids love to compete against one another.
Kids love to compete, for the sake of competing.
Kids love to cook outdoors.
Kids love to cook, and few parents mind a little help in the kitchen every now and again.
Kids love to cover their walls with posters.
Kids love to create characters, tell stories, and put on shows.
Kids love to create their own drum sequences.
Kids love to create, and they love to see themselves on screen.
Kids love to customize their desktops with their favorite cartoon characters or music artists.
Kids love to dance, so crank up the tunes and twist and shout.
Kids love to dance.
Kids love to dig and plant their own garden.
Kids love to dig in the dirt.
Kids love to dip.
Kids love to discover the tracks in the snow.
Kids love to dive, tumble, roll on the ground, and play.
Kids love to do things for themselves.
Kids love to draw and show off their talent.
Kids love to drawpictures.
Kids love to dress up and have fun with their buddies.
Kids love to dress up.
Kids love to dunk, so keep baby carrots, pepper slices, and steamed broccoli spears in the fridge.
Kids love to eat in the outside patio or in the glass dining enclosed area.
Kids love to equate animal names with other animals they learn about in school or on television.
Kids love to experiment with food.
Kids love to explore, fish or catch frogs in the ranch ponds, and swim in the outside pool.
Kids love to feed the tame deer from their hands.
Kids love to feed the trout with the food provided from a vending machine next to the raceways.
Kids love to feel like their special and grown-up.
Kids love to figure out clues.
Kids love to find information on the Internet and encyclopedia disks.
Kids love to finger paint.
Kids love to fly along the paths on their in-line skates.
Kids love to get email.
Kids love to get involved in the kitchen.
Kids love to get mail and packages are a really big treat.
Kids love to get mail, so keep an eye out for their monthly statement.
Kids love to get mail.
Kids love to go crabbing.
Kids love to go places.
Kids love to go play in tournaments, and it's a great way to get ready for league.
Kids love to go stumping.
Kids love to go to our zoo.
Kids love to gossip and embellish.
Kids love to grab things and their confidence grows far more quickly if they feel secure.
Kids love to gross out their elders.
Kids love to have tasks and specific things to do.
Kids love to have their own library card.
Kids love to have things to look forward to.
Kids love to hear about it and see the latest images from distant corners of the universe.
Kids love to hear stories about their family.
Kids love to hear stories about themselves and to laugh at private jokes.
Kids love to help hand out the student news, collect orders and pass out the books.
Kids love to help in the kitchen.
Kids love to help their parents cook.
Kids love to help with the layering of the ravioli.
Kids love to hold it.
Kids love to imitate adults, but they also like things they're familiar with.
Kids love to imitate their parents.
Kids love to jump around in the fountain, as water jets shoot streams of water into the air.
Kids love to jump in and float in their life jackets in the morning and swim during lunch.
Kids love to jump into the wild and zany.
Kids love to keep score and win.
Kids love to know the real life of their favorite author.
Kids love to learn about the environment and about helping.
Kids love to learn from fathers more than anyone else in the world.
Kids love to learn.
Kids love to listen to stories.
Kids love to look at the most comical things with magnifiers.
Kids love to look for the worms in their dessert.
Kids love to look for their family's project and show everyone.
Kids love to make and play with balloons paddles.
Kids love to make bead necklaces.
Kids love to make fancy, ornate valentines.
Kids love to make music.
Kids love to make non-magnetic objects become magnetic.
Kids love to make their own pizzas.
Kids love to make, and play with, pop-up cards.
Kids love to move.
Kids love to observe the ants scurrying around outside during the warmer months.
Kids love to ogle the poor old lobsters on their way to the pot.
Kids love to open presents and the anticipation is often more fun that the gift.
Kids love to paint it on.
Kids love to party, in their own ways.
Kids love to pick on subs.
Kids love to pick pumpkins and make apple cider with our apple press.
Kids love to play and eat.
Kids love to play card with tobacco and drug education playing and trading cards.
Kids love to play clean-up.
Kids love to play games where they have success.
Kids love to play games.
Kids love to play in the dirt.
Kids love to play in the many shallow pools that form here at low tide.
Kids love to play in the water here because it's usually safe from big wave action.
Kids love to play it over and over again.
Kids love to play on construction sites and sometimes get hurt.
Kids love to play with keyboards.
Kids love to play with mushy things.
Kids love to play with toys.
Kids love to play with words as much as they love to play with their food.
Kids love to play.
Kids love to practice new skills, and once they get good at one, they like to do it over and over.
Kids love to pretend.
Kids love to propagandize their parents about the alleged virtues of recycling.
Kids love to push the carrots through the juicer.
Kids love to put candy inside.
Kids love to read about scary ideas and scary situations.
Kids love to read about themselves.
Kids love to receive mail.
Kids love to register for contests, to gain access to web site features, or to get other benefits.
Kids love to rock out once in a while.
Kids love to roll in the grass, so they pick up ticks easily.
Kids love to roller blade.
Kids love to run and slide on it, especially on a sloped yard.
Kids love to say it.
Kids love to see a movie star act like a complete fool.
Kids love to see all the animals.
Kids love to see everything from jellybeans to bread created.
Kids love to see graphics on screen.
Kids love to see science in real life.
Kids love to see the worms do their stuff.
Kids love to see their creativity displayed.
Kids love to see their own name in a game.
Kids love to see their pictures in the paper.
Kids love to see their work treated like real books.
Kids love to see themselves on a bulletin board.
Kids love to see things on the big screen.
Kids love to send and receive letters and use the computer for e-mail.
Kids love to share pictures, and it makes a happy return to school time.
Kids love to shop anyway.
Kids love to sing along with the tape all day long.
Kids love to sort, count, make designs and patterns, and stack pegs.
Kids love to spend time riding bikes, but it's also important to ensure they are prepared properly.
Kids love to take a turn at the wheel and imagine they're ploughing through arctic ice.
Kids love to take underwater pictures.
Kids love to talk about themselves.
Kids love to tie-dye.
Kids love to trap the ball.
Kids love to try to identify tracks, spot animals, and listen to the bird calls.
Kids love to use play dough to make their own cakes, cookies, and more.
Kids love to use their hands and are proud of their accomplishments.
Kids love to watch grownups act goofy.
Kids love to watch high level highlight videos or humorous one's to lift their mood from tired legs.
Kids love to watch machines like lawnmowers.
Kids love to watch other kids in action.
Kids love to watch something change before their eyes.
Kids love to watch television.
Kids love to watch the machines run.
Kids love to watch their hot breath form clouds in the freezing air.
Kids love to wear tee-shirts, new or used, the airplane message is important.
Kids love to work out on it.
Kids love to write about their running.
Kids love to write on the board.
Kids Love Too Tarts.
Kids love toys, especially free toys.
Kids love treasure hunts.
Kids love trucks.
Kids love trying their luck at breaking a pi ata.
Kids love trying to step on the flies are amazed as the blackend lakeshore suddenly opens.
Kids love visual aids.
Kids love watching the movement of the beans as they jump.
Kids love waterfalls.
Kids love white bread and parents can feel good about serving it.
Kids love word gamefss, brain teasers, math puzzles and much more.
Kids love word games, brain teasers, math puzzles and much more.
Kids love working on airplanes.
Kids love worms and worm composting shows recyling in action.
Kids love wrestling and they've always been a big part.
Kids love writing to and receiving mail from their favorite stars and role-models.
Kids loves a good 'scrap'.
Kids make a funny wish and have the time of their lives.
Kids make a jungle in the living room with blankets, pillows, etc.
Kids make a mask to take home.
Kids make a natural connection to animals.
Kids make a parade on streets and have party.
Kids make a puppet and participate in a show.
Kids make a snowman during the first snowfall.
Kids make about half a quart of mucus from their sinuses each day.
Kids make blowpipes of it.
Kids make effort.
Kids make fishing more fun.
Kids make friends in just under two seconds.
Kids make good subjects.
Kids make great inspirations.
Kids Make History.
Kids make mistakes.
Kids make more of an effort.
Kids make noise.
Kids make nutritious snacks.
Kids Make Nutritious Snacks.
Kids make sure to enter every month.
Kids make take one CD-ROM at a time, by signing a form at the front desk.
Kids make terrific photographers.
Kids make the air electric when they are excited and energized.
Kids make the connection and hear stories with a new relevance.
Kids make the matches for the various disguises.
Kids make their own choices.
Kids make their own pizza, arts and crafts, watch movies and play games.
Kids make their own toy to help experimentation.
Kids make up nicknames like gay and faggot.
Kids make up their own goals.
Kids make wrong decisions.
Kids makes no pretense at covering new.
Kids making fast friends while romping in the water is part of a beach vacation's charms.
Kids manage to buy alcohol and get illegal drugs.
Kids map, and local activity suggestions.
Kids marvel at the towering sunflowers and stop to smell the herbs and spices.
Kids match a decoder found inside the box against a lineup of suspects on the inside front flap.
Kids match shapes and quantities.
Kids match the states with their capitals.
Kids mature at different levels.
Kids mature very quickly when they take on the responsibility of being a pilot.
Kids may have chances.
Kids may have guts.
Kids may have life.
Kids may have reaction.
Kids meet and talk to other kids and take part in special projects and discussions.
Kids meet Christian heroes.
Kids meet in their respective clubs once a month.
Kids meet on the pool deck or in the breezeway.
Kids meet other kids and get to chat with experts.
Kids meet separately for preschool fellowship with spiritual emphasis.
Kids meet the king, queen, talking mice,talking clock, ghosts, dragon, and more.
Kids meet their bottom line when parents meet their bottom line.
Kids meet their global neighbors and try to guess where they're from using clues, photos, and maps.
Kids meet together for fun activities such as bowling, skating, biking, mini-golfing, etc.
Kids memorize everything from TV commercials to batting averages.
Kids menu and take out available.
Kids menu available and senior citizen discount upon request.
Kids menu offers pasta, pizza, chicken nuggets, hot dogs, etc.
Kids menu, large parties, and catering available.
Kids migrate to the least effective form of management.
Kids miss tests.
Kids mistake it in places for a big storm sewer.
Kids mistakenly believe they can smoke for a few years and then quit.
Kids mix and match the blocks.
Kids model what their parents do more than what they say.
Kids mooove in for a more intimate look.
Kids move away from the district.
Kids move back into crowd, but stay close to grandparents.
Kids move from one class to another and one community to another.
Kids move non-stop and learn gymnastic skills, balance and coordination.
Kids move off, and parents grow older.
Kids move out of their homes early, pay their own way through college.
Kids move out.
Kids move progressively through the program levels in a group according to their grade level.
Kids move the plastic utensils to make something happen onscreen.
Kids move their SpyGlass in front of the monitor and it lights up when a clue is located.
Kids move to rock.
Kids move water with truck inner tubes filled with water draped over the back of a donkey.
Kids naturally are good at and enjoy yoga.
Kids naturally love everything about gardening.
Kids naturally love stories.
Kids need calories.
Kids need food.
Kids need homes.
Kids need more calories.
Kids needs a makeover.
Kids needs to know that adults care about what they're doing.
Kids never escape their student role.
Kids never fail to get a laugh out of that.
Kids never feel guilty for eating too much or exercising too little.
Kids never follow the rules posted at a swimming pool.
Kids Never Forget .
Kids never get bored aboard ship.
Kids never get representation.
Kids never have to have enough money to be spent.
Kids never know they are poor unless someone in the family gripes about it.
Kids never know what is going happen next, which makes the experience so compelling.
Kids never see eye to eye on what they'd like to do for fun.
Kids never think of running or riding a bike or playing games as anything but fun.
Kids notice stuff like that.
Kids notice that.
Kids now are better about recognizing that when there's a threat, they're a target of that threat.
Kids now are more aware of what they are drinking.
Kids now are smart.
Kids now begin smoking pot in the sixth and seventh grades.
Kids now go to the library and use the internet to do research for homework.
Kids now have the dexterity to make serious bead creations.
Kids now have their own page filled with activities, games, and fun links.
Kids now have three sets of grandparents.
Kids now pay top dollar for movies, etc.
Kids nowadays are fearless.
Kids nowadays are into so much trouble.
Kids nowadays are so urbanised.
Kids nowadays are where the money is at.
Kids nowadays have more money.
Kids nowadays have to be involved in all kinds of sports and body-building programs.
Kids nowadays think that they can do whatever they want, and that they are so mature.
Kids offers resources for learning to read for little ones, as well as coloring fun.
Kids online can chat with classmates.
Kids only get six weeks off in the summer and wore uniforms.
Kids only go to the principal's office when they are bad.
Kids Only has their own bus.
Kids only have one birthday per year.
Kids only know what they experience.
Kids only know what they see, so the world appears to be a distorted, blurry place.
Kids ooohing and aaahing over damaged books just makes damaged books the stars.
Kids open up that way.
Kids open up when they're away from the sources of their trouble.
Kids openly sniff it from baby food jars or plastic cartons in the city's streets.
Kids operate all the equipment.
Kids operate at ground level a lot of the time.
Kids order by color.
Kids ought to have the opportunity to explore a variety of activities.
Kids outgrow some holiday traditions.
Kids outgrow themes like clothes.
Kids overrate their ability to be able to quit.
Kids paint a plaster figure and then move on to the dance room for cake and dancing fun.
Kids paint pictures.
Kids paint the doughnut white for the icing and sprinkle on real jimmies.
Kids pair up, each with a grid of their own and five conversation hearts.
Kids parade past judges to have their costumes judged.
Kids participate by leading songs, readings and skits.
Kids participate from eighteen months until their third birthday.
Kids participate in activities.
Kids participate in fun activities, arts and crafts, games and homework help.
Kids participate in gymnastics, trampoline skills, and other fun events.
Kids participate in meetings, competitions, camps and special events.
Kids participate in more extracurricular activities.
Kids participate in our programs as individuals.
Kids participate in physical activities.
Kids participate in sports for two major reasons- to have fun and to feel successful.
Kids participate in sports, games, arts and crafts, music, science and a whole lot more.
Kids participate in sports.
Kids participate in vigorous activities.
Kids participate in vigorous physical activities.
Kids participate through musical games, instruments and other activities.
Kids participating in our shows get community college credit.
Kids participating in the program can earn rewards, including their own set of golf clubs.
Kids pass adolescence.
Kids pass by an occasional cute chicken along the richly colored pathway.
Kids pass infections around wherever they congregate, and day care is obviously no exception.
Kids pass through it at high speed.
Kids pay attention to action.
Kids pay attention to their bone tallies and the number of puppies they ve rescued.
Kids pay attention when they see their parents putting their faith to the test in the real-world.
Kids pay less and there are family rates.
Kids pay their age Crested Butte wants to make sure everyone knows they re a family-friendly resort.
Kids pay their age is good all season long, with no blackout dates.
Kids Pay Their Age.
Kids perceive themselves as successful learners, readers, writers, musicians, dancers, and artists.
Kids Perform Better When Motivated.
Kids pick a book to read and are given quizzes upon completion of the book.
Kids pick a pen, write the idea in big letters, and circle it.
Kids pick a story and are asked if they want it read aloud.
Kids pick an experiment and do it during lab time.
Kids pick from a total of seven sections in the opening menu.
Kids pick it up right away while an older person has a harder time.
Kids Pick the Best of the Web A list of resources.
Kids pick the top ten sites on the web.
Kids pick things up.
Kids pick up a lot of stuff.
Kids pick up good habits from their parents.
Kids pick up languages much faster than adults.
Kids pick up on that level of information at the end of the first year.
Kids pick up on that, and turn elsewhere.
Kids pick up on that.
Kids pick up on the smallest things, including conversations they overhear.
Kids pick up on things.
Kids pick up the technology easily.
Kids pitch the entire game.
Kids place more importance on themselves and their friends than on their parents.
Kids play a big role, too, providing valuable feedback at every stage of the process.
Kids play a greater role in meal decisions now than in the past.
Kids Play a matching game, read a story, print a cut-out dog house, and print out pages to color.
Kids play almost all the time.
Kids play and have fun .
Kids play and wait until midnight with great expectation.
Kids play area.
Kids play around the line and their parents seem to be in the best moods of their lives.
Kids play around with pot because it superficially seems to be harmless.
Kids play at the dumpsite.
Kids play at the park because it is fun.
Kids play baseball.
Kids play computer games, watch cable, and read niche magazines.
Kids play dress up.
Kids play football in the streets, and fly kites off the rampart walls.
Kids play free.
Kids play games or prepare skits and songs to perform for the adults.
Kids play games.
Kids play ground.
Kids play half court in Central plaza.
Kids play hockey all summer.
Kids play hockey in the driveways.
Kids play house.
Kids play in big rainstorm and fall in mud.
Kids play in the kids section.
Kids play in the quiet streets, and dogs meander in the middle of the road undisturbed.
Kids play in the street.
Kids play in the water while the old folks talk together.
Kids play inside their homes now, and a lot had forgotten about catching insects.
Kids play near a jetty.
Kids play neighborhood pickup games less frequently than they did years ago.
Kids play off of both parents.
Kids play on an outdoor basketball court.
Kids play on jungle gyms and swings or form teams to play soccer and dodgeball.
Kids play on the floor and the din is incredible.
Kids play on the soccer field, in the presence and in the command of the coach.
Kids play on the street sometimes.
Kids play outdoors.
Kids play peanut games and local cooks whip up entries for the food fair contest.
Kids play piano, cello, violin, and sax.
Kids play projects.
Kids Play Rules for kids games for all children.
Kids play siege on a mound of cement blocks thrown here to fill in a marshy depression.
Kids play soccer in the park, and neighbors chat in the post office after work.
Kids play soccer in the street.
Kids play soccer on our field.
Kids play soccer on short fields.
Kids play soccer on the courtyard while others sit on the museum steps.
Kids play soccer, weaving around the pedestrians.
Kids play some derivation of dodgeball everywhere.
Kids play sports for fun.
Kids play stickball in the streets.
Kids play street soccer throughout the world.
Kids play tennis at the Bronx International Youth Tennis Center in New York.
Kids play the game now only when their fathers organize it.
Kids play there.
Kids play to learn about the planets.
Kids play together and stay together.
Kids play together.
Kids play vet with stuffed animals.
Kids play video games.
Kids play videogames instead of heading out to an empty field to play baseball or football.
Kids play video-games, kids' stuff.
Kids play violent games, kids turn into maniacs who think violence is the solution to everything.
Kids play violent games, or are exposed to other types of violent media.
Kids play while parents relax or participate in the fun.
Kids play with a compulsive search to the find meaning.
Kids play with children.
Kids play with codes as a mental exercise.
Kids play with letters and written words, and have fun as they strengthen early literacy skills.
Kids play with paint in the fast lane.
Kids play with parlor-provided Transformers before their haircuts.
Kids play with toys, at least in part, to rehearse for real life.
Kids play word group games, sort scrambled letters, and learn about prefixes and suffixes.
Kids playing ball on the sandlot often have disagreements.
Kids possess a great natural instinct for the absurd.
Kids possess flaws.
Kids pour into a gymnasium.
Kids pour into chilled glasses.
Kids practice concepts.
Kids practice paying attention, keeping good eye contact, coping skills, manners.
Kids practice scientific concepts.
Kids practice their skills while on a scavenger hunt.
Kids practice using friendly words that diffuse anger and promote communication.
Kids prefer novelizations to novels.
Kids present the darnedest stuff.
Kids presumably have a constitutional right to petition government just like anyone else.
Kids probably think they're pretty cool.
Kids process a lot of information during the day.
Kids provide daily examples of reactance.
Kids provide instant humor.
Kids provide their own bike and helmet.
Kids provides children with fun opportunities to draw near to the Lord Jesus.
Kids Provides valuable resources including information on children safety tips on the Internet.
Kids publish stories and art for other kids.
Kids pull at safety harnesses, climb over and under fences.
Kids pull their favourite foods into pieces.
Kids pursue their interests with encouragement and resources provided by their parents.
Kids push boundaries.
Kids push the envelope.
Kids push their way in line.
Kids quarrel, fight, and tease for a number of reasons.
Kids quickly congregate near the video games and gift shop.
Kids quickly learn to love the cockpit.
Kids quickly relate to outdoor ethics.
Kids race off stage followed by adults.
Kids radiate active participation and quick understanding.
Kids raise pledges from family members, friends, and neighbors.
Kids raised by the state are almost always screwd up as a result.
Kids raised in drug-abusing families are far more likely to abuse drugs themselves.
Kids range in ages.
Kids rate the new food on color, smell and taste.
Kids reach high levels of motivation.
Kids reach maturity.
Kids reach out to kids with the message of kindness and acceptance is what it's all about.
Kids reach sexual maturity.
Kids react better to specific comments rather than general ones.
Kids react to death in a variety of ways.
Kids react to food.
Kids read a word card and place a chip on the corresponding picture or on the rhyming word.
Kids read and write without even realizing they are doing so.
Kids read at their own level, at their own rate, and get to choose books that they like.
Kids read biology textbooks.
Kids read books, then post their book reports here.
Kids read each other's work if it's posted on the wall.
Kids read historical stories and brainstorm questions for elders based on what they have read.
Kids read labels to see who can find most eggs.
Kids Read More.
Kids read stories.
Kids read textbooks.
Kids read texts assigned by grade instead of reading ability because of publisher recommendations.
Kids read the objection and try to figure out what the book is.
Kids read their bar and bat mitzva portions.
Kids read, and they know they've got to get better.
Kids read, listen, watch television and movies, and hang out with friends and acquaintances.
Kids realize it, too.
Kids realize technology.
Kids really can joint panels with their own bolts and nuts.
Kids really do grow up and maturity can make a tremendous difference.
Kids really do know how to listen when the scene looks like it's worth playing.
Kids really do want to please.
Kids really do want to stake their lives on something.
Kids really enjoy it on one level, and adults enjoy it on another level.
Kids really enjoy making crafts.
Kids really enjoy paddle boating on the lake.
Kids really enjoy participating in the program and working with professional hockey players.
Kids really enjoy purchasing pellets to feed to the calves, goats, llamas, sheep, ponies, etc.
Kids really enjoy scooping the beans and it's a good time to talk about measures, colors, and sizes.
Kids really enjoy that a lot.
Kids really enjoy that.
Kids really enjoy the pond for radio-controlled boats.
Kids really enjoy using the big trucks, and the sites can be demolished and rebuilt.
Kids really get into it.
Kids really have to focus on the individual words.
Kids really identify with the actors.
Kids really light up to it.
Kids really like to design their own T-shirts.
Kids really like to have a role and to feel needed.
Kids really listen to athletes alot, male and female, for whatever reason.
Kids really look forward to dressing up.
Kids really love it.
Kids really relate.
Kids really seem to enjoy sewing because it's something they have never learned to do before.
Kids really seem to like their freeware material.
Kids rebound very quickly.
Kids receive a free rod and reel and a free hot dog lunch.
Kids receive a fun-filled activity bag and are eligible for prize drawings throughout the day.
Kids receive a notebook with each weeks activities.
Kids receive a rod and reel, a T-shirt and dinner.
Kids receive backpacks.
Kids receive free milk and cookies at turn down.
Kids receive many goodies and extra opportunities by being members.
Kids receive milk.
Kids receive prizes for every book they read.
Kids receive souvenir photo.
Kids receive video arcade tokens, coloring gear and a toy.
Kids recipes Quick and easy recipes for kids of all ages.
Kids recognize popular singers.
Kids recognize singers.
Kids record observations.
Kids recover so fast.
Kids refer to their portfolio and check up on their progress at any time.
Kids regularly stop at such store to buy snacks, gas or get something to drink.
Kids relate to conflict.
Kids relate to it, and everybody can see it is fun to drive.
Kids relate to that.
Kids reluctantly get up and leave the room, with the TV still on.
Kids remain with their mothers until the next breeding season and often for some years beyond.
Kids remember best what they discover themselves, and discovering takes time.
Kids remember that kind of thing.
Kids remove shoes.
Kids require assistance.
Kids require nutrition.
Kids require real work, real dedication, real patience.
Kids require special assistance.
Kids resist limits.
Kids respond better when they're heard first.
Kids respond great to visuals.
Kids respond in a variety of ways to events in the real world, depending on many factors.
Kids respond more to personal experience than learning out of a textbook.
Kids respond on the 'Net confiding their secrets and asking advice about love problems.
Kids respond to an environment in which drug use is accepted or glamorized by taking drugs.
Kids respond to clear information and direction.
Kids respond to that.
Kids respond well to stories written by other kids.
Kids respond well to structure and schedules, so try to be consistent from the beginning.
Kids retain more with shorter summers.
Kids return from school and play gamelan instruments or help in the rice field.
Kids revel in the blossoms.
Kids review the latest flicks and find out what other kids think through real-time polling.
Kids revise and send the file to a PC for publication.
Kids ride bikes.
Kids ride buses.
Kids ride everywhere.
Kids ride in comfort with soft seating.
Kids ride in miniature boats that follow a course along a shallow channel of water.
Kids ride it to school.
Kids ride plastic sleds down a hill and out onto the frozen lake.
Kids ride their bikes along the banks.
Kids ride their bikes past horse-drawn carriages full of visitors.
Kids ride with, and learn from, other kids.
Kids riding bikes often get cold before their parents do, so take plenty of warm clothes.
Kids roam the field, flicking frisbees, firing popguns, running and laughing.
Kids roam the streets unattended.
Kids roar, adults laugh.
Kids rob each other for mobile phones.
Kids rotate by class into a different workshop each week for a four, five or six week period.
Kids rule here.
Kids rule the fun here.
Kids run about getting lost, found, under foot or dancing in front of the band.
Kids run along the track and wave.
Kids run and organize an occasional video game tourney.
Kids run and play in green and red uniforms.
Kids run around outside until a teacher blows a whistle.
Kids run around the yard playing a messy game of tee ball as the sun dips below the horizon.
Kids run around, and some kids sit at the tables and clean coffee.
Kids run down the hallway flipping the locker doors.
Kids run free Great refreshments.
Kids run in and out of the water, back and forth between house and dock all day long.
Kids run in and out of the water, squealing with delight.
Kids run the family.
Kids run up and down the aisle.
Kids Running is an online magazine promoting running for kids.
Kids runs on grass.
Kids rush home from school each day to log on and chat with friends they just left.
Kids rush to spot clues, solve riddles and, ultimately, open the doors to the ancient observatory.
Kids rush to the front of the room to put their poker chips in the bag.
Kids sail to Alaska for free.
Kids sail, swim and enjoy all of the typical summer camp preoccupations.
Kids save kids from drowning mishaps every year.
Kids save their money for offerings to promote the spread of the gospel throughout the world.
Kids Say . . .
Kids say adults efforts are ineffective because parents often use heavy discipline which backfires.
Kids say all kinds of things.
Kids say and do the funniest things.
Kids say and do the strangest things.
Kids say brilliant things.
Kids say dads are a good, credible source of information on difficult issues.
Kids say drugs are a problem but many know to stay away.
Kids say it is easy to buy cigarettes.
Kids say it s like a family where everybody accepts each others.
Kids say it's because they have a good time doing it, and they like using their creativity.
Kids say it's contagious.
Kids say it's like a computer game.
Kids say no.
Kids Say plus a little about life, quadriplegia and insite to paralysis.
Kids say restaurant having special dinner.
Kids say that brings a frustration that can cause trouble.
Kids say the cutest things.
Kids say the darndest things,' but it was more like dogs do the darndest things.
Kids say the darndest things, in a very smart way.
Kids say the darn'dest things.
Kids say the darndest things.
Kids Say the Darnedest Things .
Kids say the darnedest things.
Kids Say the Darnedest Things.
Kids say the most interesting things .
Kids say the rush of the rip off is often well worth the risk.
Kids say the same here, perhaps with more reason.
Kids say the strangest things.
Kids say they accept their teachers' admonitions to have safe sex but tune out other stuff.
Kids say they come back to the school mostly because it's a place they feel safe.
Kids say they often steal things like cigarettes, sex books, and other taboo items.
Kids say they see it every day.
Kids say they're selling lemonade partly because they're too young to donate blood.
Kids say things to kids.
Kids says they want realism, but they also want happy endings.
Kids scan do whatever they set their mind on doing.
Kids scheduled for surgery often feel a lack of control.
Kids score big at the new park.
Kids scratch their eyes, then leave behind secretions on towels, toys, or anything they touch.
Kids scream and laugh for joy as they fly down the Aqua Blast and other slippery, snake-like slides.
Kids scream to be brought into the store.
Kids scurry by, heading towards the gym or pool tables.
Kids see ads on tv, magazines, and billboards every day.
Kids see beyond the differences and identify with their peers as equals.
Kids see cars as just another appliance.
Kids see characters on screen smoking and drinking.
Kids see clouds.
Kids see dead bodies on television, in movies, and occasionally right in their own backyards.
Kids see families.
Kids see few limits to their potential.
Kids see friends.
Kids see games, crafts, camping and field trips as fun.
Kids see guns on TV and video games where people who get shot just get up and keep going.
Kids see is as an excuse to get candy and a day they have to get things for their friends.
Kids see it as a game.
Kids see it, feel it, and hear it.
Kids see right through religion.
Kids see right through trumped-up accusations to cover up prejudices.
Kids see shadows all the time at night.
Kids see snowflakes.
Kids see that.
Kids see the benefits of their work as each chore is completed and checked off.
Kids see the family meal on the table but are wisked away before it is served.
Kids see the underground root systems of trees and then an aerial view of plants in the city.
Kids see the world differently than adults.
Kids see the world in very different terms.
Kids see the youth group as their territory, thus off limits to parents.
Kids see their parents in a work setting.
Kids see thirty thousand homicides a year on TV, so they don t see a single passing as a calamity.
Kids see violence as a way of handling anger via television, movies and video games.
Kids see violence in video games, movies, and hear it in music.
Kids see what their parents gave up for a family.
Kids seem able to wander in circles and twists and still find their way back.
Kids seem especially prone to misinterpretations.
Kids seem split on the issue.
Kids seem to always fear venturing out of the shallow.
Kids seem to appreciate having their cards in the library.
Kids seem to be a lot more grown up nowadays and people assume that a certain age makes an adult.
Kids seem to be a lot more interested, at first.
Kids seem to be getting sick of fast food.
Kids seem to be happy with fewer gears than adults.
Kids seem to be self-regulating on most things.
Kids seem to enjoy it.
Kids seem to fit well, however.
Kids seem to have boundless energy.
Kids seem to have more difficulties.
Kids seem to have to grow up more quickly now.
Kids seem to jump right on the computer, wanting to learn.
Kids seem to like different books than the critical adult audience.
Kids seem to like it.
Kids seem to like their comedies coarse.
Kids seem to love a book that flows well.
Kids seem to overestimate how many kids their own age, as well as how many adults, use drugs.
Kids seem to react off of our lead.
Kids seem to respond to any form of action.
Kids seem to see things so much more clearly.
Kids seem to take advantage of it.
Kids seem to take so much for granite.
Kids select one answer from the three answers from multiple choice questions.
Kids sell drugs to other kids, and the crime rate among teenagers escalates every year.
Kids send hard copy art of their localities to each school.
Kids send in their favorite books, too, and make requests for more info on authors.
Kids sense shame the way sharks smell blood.
Kids sense that class lines in America are hardening.
Kids sense that.
Kids sense the disapproval.
Kids sense their parents' anxieties.
Kids serve as prosecutor, judge and jury over their peers who have had a brush with the law.
Kids share feelings.
Kids share resemblance.
Kids share stories about the way their parents feelings about work show up at home .
Kids share their horse stories and ideas with each other.
Kids share universal emotions of happiness, sadness, fear, and love.
Kids share when . . .
Kids sharpen their fishing skills at the GWF fish tank.
Kids shoot each other and their teachers in schools.
Kids shoot their friends full of holes.
Kids shoot well today.
Kids shooting people is one of the things that makes the music bad and all that.
Kids shortsleeves top with boat neck highlighted with beaded work at the front.
Kids show affection.
Kids show insight that is sometimes, well, insightful.
Kids show off plants.
Kids show off their art or write stories to accompany other children's art.
Kids show off their creative abilities in shooting, editing, titling, and scoring original videos.
Kids show raver and goth converging.
Kids show their appreciation by buying gifts and helping out with the chores.
Kids show there posters or read poetry or act out a skit.
Kids show they are cool by using it.
Kids show up after dinner and baths in their pajamas and bring their own milk or juice.
Kids show up at the facility scared and lonely.
Kids shows that weed and alcohol isn t the only drug used.
Kids shows, stage, banquet's etc.
Kids shows, workout tapes, and hollywood releases.
Kids shuffle across the floor, around the cone and back.
Kids shuffle back and forth to go to class.
Kids sign up for hours and are given an incentive to meet their responsibilities.
Kids sign up for the first Iron Kids Games last month at Jacksonville Beach.
Kids sign up here.
Kids sign up to be observers, then begin collecting data.
Kids signify several frightening things.
Kids silently eat meatloaf.
Kids simply learn better in small classes.
Kids sing Israel.
Kids Sing Israel.
Kids Sing Praise .
Kids sing, laugh and dance and adults remember what it was like to be a kid.
Kids sit all day playing video games.
Kids sit at picnic tables.
Kids sit at tables.
Kids sit entire games on the bench.
Kids sit in circle, one in the center.
Kids sit next to graves and poke at bleeping, hand-held computer games.
Kids sit on floors.
Kids sit on ground or tarp facing clothesline.
Kids sit on the floor in rooms which are very hot in summer and freezing in winter.
Kids sit on the floor, grown-ups in chairs at the edges of the action.
Kids skate free and get free glow sticks or necklaces.
Kids ski and ride with the same instructor for three weeks.
Kids ski free during certain periods.
Kids ski free.
Kids ski on the streets and play in clubhouses.
Kids ski throughout the mountain looking for certain clues.
Kids ski to find eggs on the slopes.
Kids Skip the Darnedest Things.
Kids slam fists in their first gloves, and dream of one day playing in the big leagues.
Kids smoke because it's a stress reliever.
Kids smoke to be cool.
Kids smoke to fit in, assert their maturity, rebel, control their appetite, and relieve stress.
Kids smoke weed to act and look older.
Kids sneak in and skateboard.
Kids sneak spinach into their milk cartons.
Kids sniff paint as a sedative to hunger, then discover a better high with cocaine and money.
Kids socialize among themselves differently.
Kids solve a mystery on a trek.
Kids soon become comfortable with their own special horse for the week.
Kids sort food items according to attribute.
Kids sort pictures of objects and learn the names of plants, animals, rocks and fungi.
Kids speak digital.
Kids speak honestly and openly about their needs in the single parent family.
Kids speak out against bullies, point out how violence is uncool, and offer advice on getting help.
Kids Speak Out.
Kids specify the musical relationships between the pieces.
Kids spend a good part of their lives at school - in the classroom and on the playground.
Kids spend a lot of money.
Kids spend a lot of time indoors, so polluted indoor air can be a health problem.
Kids spend a lot of time outdoors and are often the finders of lost pets.
Kids spend a lot of time outdoors.
Kids spend a lot of time outside.
Kids spend each day learning about asthma and managing their disease.
Kids spend free time on the Internet or playing video games.
Kids spend hours playing games on their computer systems.
Kids spend money.
Kids spend more time than ever before watching TV and playing computer games.
Kids spend most of their lives outside of school.
Kids spend most of their spare time partying.
Kids spend most of their time out of their seats.
Kids spend the majority of their day in the classroom.
Kids spend their own money on candy more often than anything else.
Kids spend time in a supervised program in a location close to home.
Kids spend time in recreation activities, then eat a healthy meal.
Kids spend two or three weeks home from school.
Kids spin a circle,as well as being able to spin each individual car themselves.
Kids spin a wheel that stops on messages of safer things to do and safer stuff to buy.
Kids spin the wheel.
Kids splash in fountains or a swimming pool, nuzzle ice cream cones, dash into an arcade.
Kids splash in the surf.
Kids splash water in bathrooms and hang on mechanical equipment.
Kids spray at the paper with spray bottles, sharing and passing each color.
Kids spread the word.
Kids stand after only one hour and follow their mothers from the second day.
Kids stand at line and try to toss hoop around pumpkin.
Kids stand by the larger holes so they can beg drivers whey they are forced to slow Down.
Kids stand in a circle with a deflated ball in the middle.
Kids stand on one side, parents on the other.
Kids stand or sit on grass covered bases.
Kids stand up to that.
Kids stand up, take bow.
Kids start by choosing a character.
Kids start developing their own taste in books before they can read.
Kids start dreaming in color again.
Kids start dropping by.
Kids start filling the halls as soon as school lets out.
Kids start gathering in small groups and the emotions, either anger or sadness, become heightened.
Kids start having trouble with homework, and take hours to complete it.
Kids start out experimenting with simple, one-syllable sounds when they're young.
Kids start playing the game when they are big enough to hold a basketball.
Kids start screaming.
Kids start shouting in outrage.
Kids start smoking and adults die of lung cancer.
Kids start smoking for a lot of reasons unrelated to their parents.
Kids start smoking together, and hopefully countries stop smoking together.
Kids start smoking, they get addicted.
Kids start to hit the ground, With each deafening banging sound.
Kids start with a blank sheet of paper.
Kids stay after school for soccer practice and spend evenings doing homework.
Kids stay and eat free when accompanied by two adults.
Kids stay and eat Free with parents midweek.
Kids stay and eat free.
Kids stay and ski free - see Web page or call for details.
Kids stay as long as it takes to get better.
Kids stay for free.
Kids stay for periods of time, from five days to eight weeks.
Kids stay free accommodation.
Kids stay free and eat free.
Kids stay free at Holiday Valley lodging.
Kids stay free if in same room with additional costs for meals and passes.
Kids stay free in parents room.
Kids stay free in their parents' rooms, and kids menus are offered at the resorts' restaurants.
Kids stay free when accompanied by two adults.
Kids stay free when no additional bedding is required.
Kids stay free with adults.
Kids stay free with parents.
Kids stay free with their parents.
Kids stay free, additional charge for kid's meals.
Kids stay free, kids travel pack available.
Kids stay free, no per person charge, one simple flat rate.
Kids stay free, pets welcome.
Kids stay free, senior and corporate discounts.
Kids stay free.
Kids stay Free.
Kids Stay Free.
Kids stay in cabins with volunteer adult supervision during the night.
Kids stay indoors and are inactive.
Kids stay involved.
Kids stay quiet for hours with movies, TV and video games.
Kids stay up all night and pray in shifts for people they feel moved to pray for.
Kids stay up all night dancing.
Kids stay with mothers.
Kids stay with their mothers until they are five months old.
Kids stay, eat, and play free all summer.
Kids stay, play and eat free.
Kids step ahead.
Kids stick their fingers in their ears and grimace.
Kids still come and go during the year.
Kids still come for the holidays.
Kids still comprise an unusually large percentage of the Iraqi people.
Kids still dress up, celebrate and have fun without the controversy.
Kids still fear the dark.
Kids still flip for it.
Kids still get their needs met in ways they have always gotten their needs met.
Kids still have a blast doing it.
Kids still have to jump in over their heads.
Kids still have to take the Regents exams.
Kids still help their parents at work or work another job to help with money.
Kids still imitate their heroes on playgrounds.
Kids still know they're addictive and they do it anyway.
Kids still live here.
Kids still love it.
Kids still prefer a loose fit and they are growing.
Kids still read books.
Kids still ride their bikes through the neighborhood.
Kids still smoke and drink.
Kids still swim under the bridge in the summer.
Kids still use their skateboards as a mode of transportation to get to the park.
Kids still wear dumb beach fashions.
Kids stop getting smallpox shots.
Kids stop in all day.
Kids stop out for a term or two and then come back.
Kids stress the importance of thinking before acting.
Kids stroll the streets wearing oversized shoes with toes that curl up, like the boots of an elf.
Kids struggle growing up.
Kids struggle with hunger.
Kids study a picture, then check questions to find details that match it.
Kids study topics ranging from cell growth and moth life-cycles to geometry.
Kids suck because they're bored, frightened, anxious, hurting, sick or sad.
Kids suck up all of the time, or put on a front to get what they want.
Kids suffer because their parents are addicted to drugs.
Kids suffer because there are chemical dependency problems in the family.
Kids suffer from attention deficit disorder.
Kids suffer from being raised by single parents.
Kids suffer from bulimia and other eating disorders.
Kids suffer from inadequate attention.
Kids suffer from the strains of divorce.
Kids suffer information overload, just like their parents.
Kids suffer no major drawbacks from being raised by gay parents.
Kids suffer the most from the health impacts of air pollution.
Kids Suggest a new website .
Kids surf only within the umbrella site.
Kids swim and carried wood, rocks and guns.
Kids swim and carry corn.
Kids swimmin' in the background.
Kids take a good long look.
Kids take a running leap onto the plastic and see how far they can slide.
Kids take an instant liking to the little creatures.
Kids take calculus.
Kids take calls in classrooms.
Kids take care.
Kids take even more.
Kids take four classes a day, but if they are in photo or drama, they only take two sessions.
Kids take home a small prize.
Kids take in a surprising amount.
Kids take joy in exploring and are learning concepts.
Kids take notice when the coach arrives early and organized.
Kids take off small sections and eat the little brains.
Kids take on the Test'.
Kids take one home each day Order one set for each child.
Kids take one shoe and sock off.
Kids take our programs seriously.
Kids take quizzes over the Internet.
Kids take real pride in their work if they know it's going on the wall.
Kids take risks.
Kids take the hook.
Kids take their calendar home.
Kids take their cars to the other end of campus to see friends or go to class.
Kids take things hard.
Kids take things in stride.
Kids take things to heart.
Kids take things very literally.
Kids take three consecutive throws.
Kids take time to develop.
Kids take time.
Kids take to it like duck to water.
Kids take to it like there s a burger joint next door.
Kids take turns reading aloud from essays they've written in their native Spanish.
Kids take turns selecting five words at a time to build goofy verses.
Kids talk about healthy snacking and why it s important.
Kids talk about it all of the time.
Kids Talk about Rage.
Kids talk about their dreams 'when they grow up'.
Kids talk about their own experiences with smoking and discuss the serious consequences.
Kids talk like that to kids.
Kids talk slowly when they're nervous.
Kids talk to kids who talk to parents.
Kids talk when it is relaxed.
Kids talking to kids about the ways they coped with their parents' divorce is a terrific concept.
Kids tap their feet to the zippy tunes.
Kids tastes change rapidly.
Kids teach other kids to use the Internet.
Kids teach their parents and their uncles about computers.
Kids teaches children bank-fishing techniques, using a spin casting rod, reel, bobber and bait.
Kids tease and can be cruel at times.
Kids tease each other every day, which means that feelings are hurt on a regular basis.
Kids tell adults things they can do and say to influence their decision to use drugs.
Kids tell it like it is.
Kids tell lies.
Kids tell one another that they're wimps, or that they act girlish or boyish.
Kids tell their own stories of online romance.
Kids tend to be bored after about two weeks of summer vacation.
Kids tend to be egocentric and live in the present.
Kids tend to be more attached to their mothers.
Kids tend to be more forthright.
Kids tend to be more open to eating new foods when they have helped create the masterpieces.
Kids tend to be reckless and they do tend to be careless.
Kids tend to be the bouncing ball here.
Kids tend to become irritable and difficult when they're too hungry or tired.
Kids tend to blame themselves when parents divorce.
Kids tend to change everything.
Kids tend to change the subject when confronted with their acts of defiance.
Kids tend to do better with more structured environments both at school and at home.
Kids tend to do things that are crazy and risky without thinking about it.
Kids tend to do what they see is going on in their households.
Kids tend to dress and walk and talk like their heroes.
Kids tend to eat like other kids.
Kids tend to eat up if they can serve themselves or help.
Kids tend to experience computers as partners in learning.
Kids tend to get hung up on one part of a game they like.
Kids tend to get jaded by watching stories on electronic screens, large and small.
Kids tend to get very calm, even mesmerized as they move deeper into the story.
Kids tend to grow out of asthma, anyway.
Kids tend to grow out of it.
Kids tend to hang out with what they know.
Kids tend to have better social, emotional and cognitive skills.
Kids tend to imitate adult actions.
Kids tend to imitate what they see their role models doing.
Kids tend to incorporate information more quickly than some adults.
Kids tend to keep better track of things when they feel ownership.
Kids tend to look for the quickest and easiest way to complete a lesson.
Kids tend to look like un-oiled robots when trying to run elaborate a plays.
Kids tend to look three grades ahead for role models.
Kids tend to mimic adult actions.
Kids tend to notice when they're being patronized.
Kids tend to outgrow egg allergies as they get older.
Kids tend to pay more attention to the cards than doing their lessons, the principals say.
Kids tend to practice ninety to ninety-five percent of what they say and do.
Kids tend to remember the brand names provided the advertising is exciting enough.
Kids tend to ride their bikes every day, but do most of their riding on the weekends.
Kids tend to spread infections more readily.
Kids tend to start moving around or they fall asleep.
Kids tend to tune out what teachers say.
Kids tend to turn to their peers for guidance in the absence of other, more knowledgeable teachers.
Kids tend to walk, run, hop, skip and jump much more outdoors than they do when stuck inside.
Kids tend to want to snap away, usually without a clue about film or developing costs.
Kids test new sneaker technology that claims to measure jumps, running speed.
Kids then choose the stickers that complete each.
Kids then compete to pull it a certain distance for the best time.
Kids then create a submarine, either independently or by using templates.
Kids then get up and arrange the facial features as remembered from the story.
Kids then hold the tip to the screen to drill the screws into the fort.
Kids then investigate their types of dwelling, investigating through books, models and pictures.
Kids then know what to expect.
Kids then think of the visit as a ''fun'' outing, something out of the norm.
Kids there grow up wanting to be the next marathon champ.
Kids there have a snack everyday.
Kids there have no sense at all of themselves in the world.
Kids there know all the names of the guys who do it.
Kids think about it.
Kids think about the most interesting things and ask the best questions.
Kids think escalators are a lot of fun, but they can also cause terrible injuries to children.
Kids think horror is coolest thing a person can write.
Kids think it's for adults.
Kids think money grows on trees.
Kids think more people use tobacco than actually do.
Kids think of money in terms of what they want to buy next.
Kids think of structure as safety.
Kids think rather pragmatically, and they don t understand the spiritual aspects.
Kids think that being a good trumpet player is being able to play high.
Kids think that drugs don t kill.
Kids think that they know alot more than they really do.
Kids think the characters in the game are really cool.
Kids think their great.
Kids think their milk comes from a plastic container in the refrigerator.
Kids think their parents know nothing about what is current or cool.
Kids think they convey a very cool and trendy image.
Kids think they have issues no one has ever had to deal with.
Kids think they hear all sorts of things.
Kids think they know it all, especially teenagers.
Kids think they only have so many roads.
Kids think they'll just get another year.
Kids think they're fun.
Kids think they're invincible, but mothers know different.
Kids think weapons are cool, but really all they cause is trouble.
Kids think white is America.
Kids think Young adults voice their opinions on various topics.
Kids Thinning carrots is a tedious chore.
Kids thrive and grow here.
Kids thrive on it.
Kids thrive on love, all else being equal.
Kids thrive on routine.
Kids thrive when teachers know their names and can follow their progress.
Kids thrive when they are rewarded for their real achievements.
Kids throw hotdogs and chili at a man.
Kids throw rocks all the time.
Kids throw rocks at other kids.
Kids throw their school papers everywhere, littering the ground on the last day of school.
Kids throw toys at adults.
Kids throw, catch, jump and swim in a stress-free camp.
Kids to develop conflict resolution skills.
Kids to develop skills.
Kids to drink water.
Kids to explore ideas.
Kids to learn about electricity.
Kids to learn about static electricity.
Kids to learn basic principles.
Kids to learn concepts.
Kids to learn principles.
Kids to practice knowledge.
Kids to take notes.
Kids to test knowledge.
Kids Together has information and resources for children and adults with disabilities.
Kids toss the marshmallows around the circle.
Kids touching their Genitals - parents act as though it's shocking. . .
Kids track leprechauns to a pot of gold.
Kids track their progress by using racing sled bookmarks and dog paw stamps.
Kids train ipo depart club Air travel tickets and discounted flights for most destinations.
Kids train puppies to be guide dogs.
Kids transmit happiness and they always have a smile on their face.
Kids travel all over for summer camps.
Kids travel around the facility getting a single score for each station and each skill.
Kids travel at discounted prices.
Kids travel half price.
Kids travel half-price.
Kids Travel to different times and places, create cartoons, or take a geography quiz.
Kids treat a simple platform placed on the ground as a dance floor, stage, or house.
Kids trick or treating.
Kids trot from table to table with plastic toys and red, silky ribbons clutched in their tiny hands.
Kids try to be the first to get rid of all their cards.
Kids try to chase balls into parking lot.
Kids try to compare their height, size of candy, size of dolls and amount of toys they have.
Kids try to find the items listed around the neighborhood.
Kids try to guess based on clues submitted by schoolkids, and can upload their own.
Kids try to keep their grades up so they can make the team.
Kids try to match a rotating picture block and complete one of four characters.
Kids try to repeat the tune on the bellflowers nearby.
Kids trying to lose weight are more likely to try smoking.
Kids tune out.
Kids Turn A non-profit organization to help kids and parents through divorce and separation.
Kids turn to brands that inform.
Kids turn to each other, and they rebell against everything that's been crammed down their throats.
Kids turn to music in their most trying times.
Kids turn to ouija boards, satanic symbols for thrills.
Kids turning in kids for being different is the inevitable result.
Kids type their messages into an on-screen laptop computer.
Kids typically spend three hours a day in front of the tube, and adults even more.
Kids undergo tremendous changes during their years in middle and high school.
Kids understand how to network.
Kids understand love.
Kids understand that way of thinking.
Kids understand that.
Kids unfortunately test the system.
Kids unravel hundreds of mentally challenging puzzles and riddles.
Kids use a picture dictionary format to link to games and educational activities.
Kids use booster seats.
Kids use computers and kids use the Internet.
Kids use dipnets to capture aquatic invertebrates.
Kids use estimation, critical thinking, logic, and spatial relationship skills to get the job done.
Kids use guns simply to get even after feuds.
Kids use heart cookie shape cutters.
Kids use it as a diary, and can share all their daily activities with their parents.
Kids use it because they can paint things on it and look cool.
Kids use logic skills as they build bridges across puddles for ladybugs.
Kids use marijuana to feel grown up.
Kids use marijuana to fit in and belong.
Kids use marijuana to relax and feel good.
Kids use marijuana to satisfy curiosity.
Kids use marijuana to take risks and rebel.
Kids use math, economics, business and science skills to build their park.
Kids use problem solving, reasoning skills and loads of creativity.
Kids use problem-solving skills to create their own robots at camp.
Kids use ropes, logs and other tools to rescue animals from precarious positions.
Kids use seats.
Kids use senses.
Kids use the arrow keys to line up a snake, and catch all the spiders on the screen.
Kids use the browse function to look at subjects, too.
Kids use the Internet for many resources and hanging with their friends.
Kids use the remote control to square off on the field.
Kids use the rest of the area for skating and complain about the space the gardens occupy.
Kids use the stones as markers and move around the board.
Kids use their imagination for interactive fun.
Kids use their imagination well.
Kids use their mouse to click and move toysto various places in the room.
Kids use their skill to toss the colorful bags onto the rotating flippers.
Kids use what they have learned to solve problems.
Kids use written or drawn notes to guide both their reading and discussion.
Kids using the program also learn concepts such as voltage, resistance and power.
Kids vary in ages.
Kids view Babies enjoy looking at other babies.
Kids view their bedroom as private, personal spaces.
Kids visit doctors.
Kids visit the library before, during and after school.
Kids visit UK dorms to trick or treat .
Kids wait anxiously for the start of the big summer holiday.
Kids wait in lunch lines almost whole lunch period.
Kids wait their turn at bat at a new indoor baseball facility.
Kids wake up before dawn, open their calendars and go downstairs to watch telly.
Kids walk a little farther so the driver can pick up a larger group of kids.
Kids walk around under a gray cloud.
Kids walk away feeling happy, successful, and confident.
Kids walk in late, see there are no seats in the back, and just leave.
Kids walk or ride bikes to the stores and remember the places after they've grown up and moved away.
Kids walk past, and see the beggars.
Kids walk to elementary schools.
Kids walk to the music and step on the teapot instead of sitting in a chair.
Kids walk up and down the beach trying to sell things to tourists.
Kids wall decal growth chart stickers are simply adorable.
Kids want answers.
Kids want dessert.
Kids want immediate answers.
Kids waste an amazing amount of time typing nonsense to one another.
Kids watch eight hours of TV a day.
Kids watch free.
Kids watch images.
Kids watch it religiously.
Kids watch it, and they get ideas.
Kids watch more TV than they study.
Kids Watch Something for the wee one.
Kids watch TV more than any other activity in their waking lives.
Kids watch TV, play video games or interact on their home computers.
Kids watch with their parents, particularly their fathers, and with older siblings.
Kids watches, frames, chess sets,pokemon, aqua lamp gifts.
Kids watchin' the older boys.
Kids wave sparklers about.
Kids wear headphones and carry pagers and cell phones.
Kids wear khaki pants and school-issued jerseys and walk through metal detectors.
Kids wear the funny fezzes, pajamas, and head scarves too.
Kids wear the sacks like sleeves.
Kids wear their belts home with notes they've written to their parents about family car safety.
Kids wearing heavy padding and uniforms often sweat even more to stay cool.
Kids weigh the snails on a balance using paper clips or gram-weights.
Kids Welcome .
Kids welcome but no pets or smoking.
Kids welcome if supervised.
Kids welcome to choose from their own menu.
Kids welcome to join the party for any event.
Kids welcome too.
Kids welcome with parents.
Kids welcome, but unusual.
Kids welcome, Pets welcome.
Kids welcome, there's lots to do and cottages are great for families.
Kids weren t enough of a challenge.
Kids whine and fight and scream even while on vacation.
Kids win, local taxpayers win, local government wins.
Kids wind their way through the corn maze.
Kids wind up being told stuff.
Kids witness that and eventually take part in it themselves.
Kids work among themselves, their faces full of wonder and discovery.
Kids work cheap and there seems to be an endless supply.
Kids work closely with their coach on alpine and freestyle techniques.
Kids work from bell to bell, helping each other.
Kids work hard at proving how different they are than their parents.
Kids work in a supportive environment with other students their age who help to motivate each other.
Kids work in groups integrated across lines of age, race, and socioeconomic backgrounds.
Kids work in teams to invent new toys.
Kids work in the gardens, tending their organic produce.
Kids work on improving their auditory and memory skills in Drag Racer.
Kids work on related projects.
Kids work on their homework assignments on the computers.
Kids work on various art projects, and other constructive activities while learning in the process.
Kids work super hard to produce their best work.
Kids work with a robotics kit made available for school presentations.
Kids work with basic addition and subtraction equations and practice counting.
Kids work with basic materials such as paper, glue and craft sticks.
Kids work with hieroglyphs, opaque and tissue papers, and patterns in the collage drawer.
Kids work with historical facts, and can use a magnifying glass to research their answers.
Kids work with number words as well.
Kids work with pros who help develop ranked players.
Kids working together can make big changes.
Kids working with a low bandwidth can still develop stories but without animation and sound.
Kids worry about being able to find their way around.
Kids worry about pressure to use alcohol and other drugs even in elementary grades.
Kids worry about the same things.
Kids worry about their jobs, school and sports.
Kids write a book about their mother's disease.
Kids write essays about what they've learned at the end of the semester.
Kids write in to say what they think the fad of the week is for their particular state.
Kids write names on brim and when stapeling together just be sure the name faces down.
Kids write reviews and original compositions under the guidance of the foundation s staff.
Kids write the reviews of children's sites.
Kids yell at each other, scream at each other - punchin and kickin.
Kids always ask for ones that do tricks.
Kids always burn the first few meals they try to prepare.
Kids always carry flash paper.
Kids always eat free in the restaurant with adult presence.
Kids always eat with their parents.
Kids always get a bad rap - but most are good.
Kids always have wanton impulses.
Kids always know what the good stuff is.
Kids always like to know about planes and law enforcement.
Kids always like to see people being tricked or outwitted.
Kids always lose the arguments with adults by paying some penalty after the discussion.
Kids always love fruity scents.
Kids always order the teddybear pancakes and parents can get their own fluffy versions as well.
Kids always push to the limit of what's permitted in a society.
Kids always say and do funny, endearing things.
Kids always say they can t wait to grow up.
Kids always seem to have a great time.
Kids always seem to hear the truth about Santa from other kids.
Kids always sleep in their socks.
Kids always stay free.
Kids always think they're the first generation ever to have a thought.
Kids always welcome.
Kids frequently bring friends from other classes to see their video projects.
Kids frequently drop their silverware.
Kids frequently show more compassion and character than their adult counterparts.
Kids often act out what they see.
Kids often ask for definitions of words they hear on the news.
Kids often ask what to make.
Kids often assume things are okay to do unless instructed otherwise.
Kids often begin by goading the dog to bark, then to snarl.
Kids often begin wanting to rebel at that age and find gothic an attractive method.
Kids often bring disks home from school to do their homework.
Kids often come up with more creative ideas than an ordinary note.
Kids often die due to reduced appetite and dehydration.
Kids often do it, adults do it on and off throughout their whole lives.
Kids often feel equal parts of fear and fascination about getting into risky situations.
Kids often feel that the world is all mixed up, but feel helpless to do anything about it.
Kids often feel the pressure of pleasing both sides of the family.
Kids often find a way of working things out without getting into a full-blown fight.
Kids often formulate their own dress codes on a subconscious level.
Kids often get so tied up inside with anger, frustration, fear and so many kinds of paralysis.
Kids often go through troubles when they reach the teen years.
Kids often have a natural eye for taking photos.
Kids often have a stigma about taking asthma medication.
Kids often have trouble reading non-verbal cues.
Kids often hurt other kids.
Kids often join in with the repetitive text.
Kids often judge themselves harshly after a bout with anger.
Kids often learn to equate boredom with wanting to eat.
Kids often like finger foods, too.
Kids often like to test their strength and do so in different ways.
Kids often make their own rules for it.
Kids often manifest their symptoms physically, and that makes it tough to recognize.
Kids often mention it as their favorite.
Kids often miss that leap.
Kids often participate in athletic activities without the proper safety equipment.
Kids often pick up on ideas from other children and from what they hear and see.
Kids often pour energy and time into activities like building a fort or setting up a lemonade stand.
Kids often prefer raw vegetables.
Kids often say their pain is worse in the front of the head, instead of on one side.
Kids often see their knapsacks as boulders and look to their parents for rescue.
Kids often take responsibility for their parents' fights.
Kids often think church is boring.
Kids often try to beat the drug test.
Kids often use the pictures as clues to the words.
Kids often view aerobics as having little benefit and require a lot of effort.
Kids often watch their parents' marriage falls apart and blame themselves.
Kids often write from their heart with poems, more than in their prose.
Kids sometimes act out in hopes of getting attention.
Kids sometimes buy stolen items because they are much cheaper than new items.
Kids sometimes create temporary anabranches as they play on the shore.
Kids sometimes destroy property, often intentionally.
Kids sometimes feel threatened by direct questions.
Kids sometimes get into fights.
Kids sometimes have another story.
Kids sometimes have much more important things to think about than making beds and brushing teeth.
Kids sometimes have no idea of the consequences of what they're doing.
Kids sometimes push our buttons.
Kids sometimes say things that they dont mean.
Kids sometimes see their pets or other animals engaged in sexual behaviors.
Kids sometimes suck the sweet nectar.
Kids sometimes try to seem older than they are by adopting the manners and activities of adults.
Kids sometimes use gun play to cope with fears about violence in the real world.
Kids sometimes worry a lot about being left alone, especially about moms.
Kids usually balance their calorie intake to their needs.
Kids usually behave better when their parents are around.
Kids usually feel some discomfort when a tooth tries to break through the gum surface.
Kids usually find homes of dead presidents boring.
Kids usually have enough fluid on board.
Kids usually have strong reasons for what books they choose.
Kids usually imitate what they see and what they hear.
Kids usually love it and do really well.
Kids usually love it here.
Kids usually love to use the computer.
Kids usually pick up on interjections rather quickly.
Kids usually play video games alone, and too much time spent alone can foster social isolation.
Kids usually remain with their mothers until the next breeding season.
Kids usually smoke it in cigarettes or marijuana joints.
Kids usually watch their parents as role models for advocacy.
All kid sprints take place on the track in front of the stadium seats.
All kids are bottle-fed.
All kids are capable of success . . .
All kids are curious and prone to experimentation.
All kids are different and all therapists are different.
All kids are different.
All kids are lazy in one way or another.
All Kids Are Our Kids .
All kids are our kids.
All Kids Are Our Kids.
All kids are part of the human race.
All kids are precious.
All kids are safest in the back seat, in a safety seat or seat belt.
All kids are safest in the back seat.
All kids are scientists with naturally inquisitive brains.
All kids are the same regardless of their color of where they're from.
All kids are welcome to have lunch regardless of the school they attend during the school year.
All kids are welcome to the pi ata party after the kid's race.
All kids are welcome.
All kids benefit from that corrective stuff.
All kids can acquire the skills needed to shape their own future if just shown the way.
All kids can benefit from eating a balanced diet and getting plenty of physical activity.
All kids can benefit from keeping good records for their doctor.
All kids can enjoy the water slides, sandcastle construction, and free swimming.
All kids can have physical education the regular way.
All kids can improve.
All kids can learn and be entertained as they relax and enjoy an automated slide show.
All kids can learn at high levels.
All kids can learn at higher levels.
All kids can learn.
All kids can participate.
All kids can play regardless of weight.
All kids can run the bases after the game.
All kids carry a small, extra-light laptop computer in their backpacks.
All kids come to camp on a scholarship and all of the camp's staff members, are volunteers.
All kids commit crimes.
All kids count.
All kids crafts along forbidden, Christian America understand several usual flour upon a leadership.
All kids deserve a hopeful vision of the future.
All kids deserve an opportunity to go to camp.
ALL kids deserve and require encouragement and praise for the accomplishments.
All kids deserve their own room.
All kids deserve to be held to high standards.
All kids deserve to have fun.
All kids develop at their own pace.
All kids dislike being reprimanded.
All kids do it.
All kids do that.
All kids do.
All kids draw some kind of cartoon characters.
All kids dream of being rock stars, and savvy marketers know it.
All kids enjoy playing alone some of the time.
All kids enjoy playing games with their friends.
All kids enjoy playing with bats and balls.
All kids fight battles either at home, school, or with friends, at some point throughout the year.
All kids get a part.
All kids get cuts and burns.
All kids get fevers.
All kids get headaches sometimes.
All kids get scared, but some fears can escalate into paranoias with long-term ramifications.
All kids get so excited when they see birds and butterflies in the garden.
All kids get the flu now and then.
All kids get to run the bases after the game.
ALL kids get to run the bases after the game.
All kids go to kindergarten for three years.
All kids go to the bathroom.
All kids hate the fucking rules.
All kids have moments when they are receptive to talking to their parents.
All kids have the capacity to learn.
All kids have the propensity to explore and to become engaged in learning.
All kids have their bad sides, but that's just part of growing up.
All kids have to have access to qualified teachers.
All kids have ups and downs.
All kids head to the kitchen first.
All kids know other kids whose parents are divorced.
All kids know that their closets are haunted by monters.
All kids learn at their own rate, keeping track with their own skill charts.
All kids learn differently.
All kids learn from their parents.
All kids learn in school buildings.
All kids learn to draw, learn to represent the world at about the same stages, which is incredible.
All kids learn.
All kids like to dip their fingers in water.
All kids living in the United States have the right to a free public education.
All kids look for discipline.
All kids love a good ghost story.
All kids love art.
All kids love music, and experts say that music is a great teaching tool.
All kids love pizza.
All kids love popsicles.
All kids love stickers.
All kids love taste testing.
All kids love teddy bears and the kids in Russia, Ukraine and Belarus are no different.
All kids love the outdoors.
All kids love the rubber practice bows.
All kids love to ask questions.
All kids love to bounce.
All kids love to finger paint.
All kids love to play a glockenspiel.
All kids love to play in the water.
All kids love to play with playdough.
All kids misbehave.
ALL kids naturally improve.
All kids ought to face a rigorous curriculum of English, math, science, and foreign languages.
All kids participate.
All kids race participants receive a free t-shirt, blue ribbon, race number and goodie bag.
All kids race participants receive a free T-shirt, blue ribbon, race number, and goodie bag.
All kids race particpants receive a free T-shirt, blue ribbon, race number, and goodie bag.
All kids receive a medal.
All kids require love, understanding, and respect.
All kids respond to caring adults.
All kids run.
All kids seem on same page.
All kids shoot for free.
All kids tend to gravitate towards persons who share the same interests.
All kids think all adults are too inactive.
All kids try to sit in the same chairs.
All kids wonder how their own bodies work.
All kids work.
Any Kid Can Do.
Any kid can get past that.
Any kid can pick something up and drop it down a stairwell.
Any kid can pick up a mitt and glove and play catch.
Any kid can play basketball anywhere.
Any kid can rock the world.
Any kid can throw a kick now.
Any kid can understand that it is now as easy and safe to get money by thievery as by earning it.
Any kid feels safer inside a blanket.
Any kid knows that.
Any kid knows who the real attraction is.
Every kid can have an older abult friend to do things with.
Every kid can relate to theses kids.
Every Kid Can Win to find out how organized sports can become more fun for children.
Every kid can wrestle.
Every kid contributes every game.
Every kid deserves a chance to make a few stupid mistakes.
Every kid deserves at least one trip.
Every kid deserves one.
Every kid does.
Every kid dreams about snaring the big one.
Every kid gets a balloon and a menu they can wear as a hat, an ideal take-away souvenir.
Every kid gets a buck.
Every kid gets a chance to be on stage.
Every kid gets one from the father and one from the mother.
Every kid gets the mumps.
Every kid gets the same of everything.
Every kid growing up wants to be the president.
Every kid grows up dreaming about something.
Every kid has a ball.
Every kid has a bicep and a tricep muscle that is visible.
Every kid has a choice.
Every kid has a dream.
Every kid has a funny bone.
Every kid has a great attitude.
Every kid has a lawyer, every parent an excuse.
Every kid has a movie that they insist on watching ad ifinitum.
Every kid has a story.
Every kid has choices.
Every kid has potential.
Every kid has powerful potential.
Every kid has rights, particularly when mom and dad are splitting up.
Every kid has special needs, but some have more specific needs than others.
Every kid has the potential to do and to be something positive.
Every kid has the right to security, which means having enough to eat.
Every kid has to learn how to handle frustration.
Every kid has to let go of the past to become the loving caretaker.
Every kid has to read it.
Every kid hears about the good 'ol days.
Every kid is a pro, every mom and dad the parent of a millionaire.
Every kid is all our kids and it's too soon to quit.
Every kid is different.
Every kid is given a number.
Every kid is known, every kid belongs to a community that includes adults.
Every kid is special.
Every kid is the center of the universe.
Every kid is there somehow.
Every kid is unique, has worth and value.
Every kid knows about frogs.
Every kid knows about that.
Every kid knows how to forge their parent's signature - no joke.
Every kid knows that magic is cooler than science.
Every kid likes a good performance.
Every kid loves a parade.
Every kid loves magic.
Every kid loves the race car.
Every kid loves to build something for the sake of knocking it over and starting from scratch.
Every kid loves to go on an excursion.
Every kid loves to play with magnets.
Every kid loves to play.
Every kid loves tug boats.
Every kid needs a bike.
Every kid needs a box for their trinkets and treasures.
Every kid needs a dog.
Every kid needs a patch of ground to tend.
Every kid needs a place for their stuff.
Every kid needs a stylish nursery.
Every kid needs help with homework.
Every kid needs one.
Every kid needs things.
Every kid needs to be encouraged to grow and to feel respect and responsibility.
Every kid needs to belong to something.
Every kid nowadays has an Internet connection, and they can do it. . . .
Every kid plays hooky, or wants to.
Every kid plays in every game.
Every kid saved from giving up is a small fortune saved in future govt.
Every kid thinks of that.
Every kid understands it.
Every kid wants a good hair day.
Every kid wants a terrific birthday party.
Every kid wants the neatest, funnest, coolest stuff.
Every kid wants to be able to fully interact with a special friend.
Every kid wants to be rich and famous.
Every kid wants to look up to somebody.
Every kid wants to play basketball.
Every kid wins a prize . . .
Every kid wins a prize.
Every kid wins first to beat .
Every kid wonders what the future holds.
Many kids agree.
Many kids already use it.
Many kids also enjoy family activities like walking after dinner.
Many kids apparently have trouble telling where the game ends and reality begins.
Many kids are afraid of the dark.
Many kids are bored, desk-bound, test subjects.
Many kids are fearful of falling.
Many kids are from diverse cultural and racial origins.
Many kids are fully aware of their parents' failure to do just that.
Many kids are home alone after school and with little else to do, they watch TV and they eat.
Many kids are in the extra-curricular opera program.
Many kids are involved in multiple extracurricular activities.
Many kids are lucky enough to have a chemistry set or even microscope set.
Many kids are on their own.
Many kids are out there killing or maiming people.
Many kids are recent immigrants.
Many kids are reluctant writers.
Many kids are scared of certain subjects, such as math, science, reading, or creative writing.
Many kids are sensitive to light, noise, odor, drugs, temperature changes and foods.
Many kids are troubled because they have grown up in day care programs and empty homes.
Many kids are unable to purchase catcher's gear.
Many kids are worse off when they leave than when they entered.
Many kids ask to meet sports stars, movie stars or other famous people.
Many kids barely have time for home and family.
Many kids become fussy eaters and refuse foods, which can also cause problems for iron intakes.
Many kids become 'fussy eaters' and refuse foods, which can also cause problems for iron intakes.
Many kids become more affectionate.
Many kids believe bidis are safe because they are often called herbal cigarettes.
Many kids can get a drink right in their own homes.
Many kids come from dysfunctional homes.
Many kids come out of college, they have a credit card and a diploma.
Many kids complain of a headache with the fall from a high.
Many kids copy from their neighbor's book with a little help spelling out words.
Many kids daydream about having wings and being able to soar across the sky.
Many kids die before they reach the age of majority because of work accidents.
Many kids do see pornography on the Internet.
Many kids do.
Many kids don t have the opportunity to ask questions about homosexuality at home.
Many kids don t see shoplifting as right or wrong.
Many kids end up just dropping out.
Many kids end up saving themselves, and the team pin points, by hanging on.
Many kids enjoy the clever graphics.
Many kids even give up eating lunch to attend.
Many kids even show off their pumps.
Many kids experience a rash or irritation from the adhesive tapes using with patches.
Many kids experience true breakthroughs of courage and caring with each other.
Many kids face the same situation everyday.
Many kids feel ineffective because they cant handle school as well as others.
Many kids feel isolated and that they are the only ones with problems.
Many kids feel it is uncool to believe in anything.
Many kids feel lost without adult supervision.
Many kids feel that junior high and high school are a kind of hell they just have to get through.
Many kids feel that somehow it's their fault.
Many kids get feedback before, during and after the game.
Many kids get home before their parents.
Many kids get their first exposure to fishing with yellow perch.
Many kids get their ONLY hot meal from their school lunch.
Many kids go to school.
Many kids grapple with violence in the home as well as the community.
Many kids hate to eat vegetables preferring candy, pizza, etc.
Many kids have an incredibly busy private life, with karate, lacrosse, church groups.
Many kids have dogs.
Many kids have food allergies, which they outgrow.
Many kids have more severe skeletal abnormalities.
Many kids have night-time accidents, and many outgrow it every day.
Many kids have no shoes on their feet.
Many kids have piercings performed while they are drunk, using alcohol as the sedative.
Many kids have the automatic aversion to anything green, orange or yellow, unless it is a candy.
Many kids have to work everyday to make money just to further their education.
Many kids have undiagnosed conditions, and many others have misdiagnosed conditions.
Many kids head straight for the hotel swimming pool.
Many kids identify with the toys they play with.
Many kids injure themselves playing contact sports like football or basketball.
Many kids join gangs to feel better about themselves.
Many kids kill themselves because of mental abuse.
Many kids know it's part of the story.
Many kids know they are as a result unfocussed and drifting.
Many kids lack all social skills.
Many kids laugh at the suggestion that they imitate violent acts seen and heard in the media.
Many kids learn about safe gun handling and storage at a young age.
Many kids learn best from it.
Many kids learn to ski or snowboard here.
Many kids let it roll off their backs, but some are more sensitive.
Many kids like to play soccer at recess.
Many kids live for themselves and for immediate gratification.
Many kids love to cuddle up at night with their pets.
Many kids master the skill of crossing their eyes in order to impress family or friends.
Many kids move out earlier, some stay with their parents forever.
Many kids never have the opportunity to ride public transportation.
Many kids now know things about their folks that they didn t know before.
Many kids outgrow milk allergies.
Many kids play with artificial fires, and they are given many gifts.
Many kids prefer to read something which, in their opinion, is safe.
Many kids prefer to stay in a chain hotel or motel rather than a very individual hotel.
Many kids realize the importance of pulling their weight around the house.
Many kids really get very sad.
Many kids receive a great sense of joy and accomplishment from helping out in the kitchen.
Many kids report using alcohol or drugs when they have sex.
Many kids scoff at that idea.
Many kids seeking acting careers have to work for years to get a break.
Many kids sell drugs to make money.
Many kids simply take care of themselves for all or part of the time that a parent is at work.
Many kids spend more time than that watching television.
Many kids spend their formative years trying to be jockeys, working in stables.
Many kids start smoking by age eleven.
Many kids start to experiment with cigarettes before they become regular smokers.
Many kids stutter for a while, but then recover.
Many kids tend to eat too much while watching TV during the summer.
Many kids think history is boring and irrelevant.
Many kids think they are doing parents a favor by taking lessons.
Many kids think they are the only one whose parents are divorced.
Many kids think they can sow and escape the consequences.
Many kids think they'll just try one cigarette or two or three.
Many kids thrive on routine, routine, routine.
Many kids try to avoid the first day of school and the days following by playing sick.
Many kids try to hide their problems by being the class clown or acting out.
Many kids ultimately play for both club and school teams.
Many kids watch TV or play video games after school instead of playing.
Many kids wet their beds beyond the average norm.
Many kids wheeze in the first six years of life.
More kids also means more exposure to illnesses.
More kids begin taunting the cops, who watch in stony silence.
More kids call during the day, when they're home alone or they're bored.
More kids die in traffic accidents.
More kids die today due to parental stupidity.
More kids get to do more things.
More kids go to the hospital for the treatment of asthma than any other health problem.
More Kids making money have to file tax returns, too.
More kids means more adults and more noise and activity.
More kids means more incidents of all types.
More kids ought to be wearing T-shirts when they're swimming.
More kids play a popular sport like basketball, for example, than skateboard.
More kids shows etc.
More kids translate into demands for more funds for classrooms and equipment.
More kids watch more television, sit in front of the computer and eat more fast food.
Most kids usually choose their own bedrooms, but some do pick other rooms.
Most kids usually mix stuff like chocolate and peanut butter.
Most kids usually play pretty poorly on defense.
Most kids acquire chances.
Most kids adapt to contacts very easily, and reap the benefits, both visually and mentally.
Most kids adore good old peanut butter and jelly.
Most kids already spend enough time on video games and television.
Most kids also enjoy in-line skating, skateboarding, horse riding and martial arts.
Most kids also take for granted having a home to return to after practice.
Most kids are always on their best behavior.
Most kids are aware that common household items can be used for huffing.
Most kids are born head first.
Most kids are by now at least a couple times a year.
Most kids are circles, and as teachers instruct, they teach as if all children are circles.
Most kids are cooperative and are a joy to be around.
Most kids are disbudded to prevent the horns from growing.
Most kids are familiar with what a seed looks like.
Most kids are friendly though.
Most kids are happy to live with a profusion of animals.
Most kids are hungry every two or three hours.
Most kids are in school then.
Most kids are interested in guns.
Most kids are masters at getting parents sidetracked.
Most kids are misunderstood.
Most kids are natural climbers.
Most kids are naturally worried about getting good grades.
Most kids are nervous and excited at the same time when they start school.
Most kids are now latch-key kids, and many no longer use the label or worry about the problem.
Most kids are out of school and the summer recreation season is in full swing.
Most kids are out of school by now, and the breeding season is winding down.
Most kids are pretty flexible to begin with, meaning they can stretch their bodies with no problem.
Most kids are pretty good.
Most kids are pretty hungry at meals and like camp food.
Most kids are pretty straight.
Most kids are pros when it comes to spending money.
Most kids are quite treatable.
Most kids are ready to say no to chemical usage.
Most kids are somewhere in the middle, trying to do their best.
Most kids are terrific poets given a chance.
Most kids are there because they have to making there situation in school feel like an institution.
Most kids are too young to understand and have trouble talking about their feelings.
Most kids are up early and are ready to go to school.
Most kids are uptight about the way churches spend money.
Most kids are usually pretty worn out at the end of the week.
Most kids are very responsible.
Most kids are worried about hanging out.
Most kids arrive at locations.
Most kids ask questions, and some ask so many and such deep ones that they are always in trouble.
Most kids assume status.
Most kids attend a school close to where they live.
Most kids avoid reading newspapers unless forced to do so by teachers as part of their homework.
Most kids become adept in no time.
Most kids behave poorly due to anger, fear and a loss of control.
Most kids break toys.
Most kids bring friends.
Most kids bring too much stuff.
Most kids buy their own.
Most kids can and do recover fully from juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Most kids can be free of lice within hours of treatment.
Most kids can do it.
Most kids can do that by walking out their front door.
Most kids can endure and even learn in public school.
Most kids can relate.
Most kids can run at the same time they walk.
Most kids can separate reality from fantasy.
Most kids can stay on the diet two years, get off it and never have another seizure again.
Most kids can t get in that physical position they re too short.
Most kids carry their school books and supplies in a back pack.
Most kids chafe to get away, but, if heritage is important, the local scene is like a siren call.
Most kids cheat because of a feeling of competition, fear of failure or pressure to do well.
Most kids come from homes.
Most kids come from the city.
Most kids come in here thinking they ll never amount to anything.
Most kids come to college with hopes of freedom in their eyes.
Most kids come to realize who Santa is on their own, in their own time.
Most kids coming in now forget it's the greatest team game.
Most kids cope.
Most kids create art.
Most kids create trouble.
Most kids currently are middle and elementary school age.
Most kids develop a fascination with the phone long before they can talk.
Most kids develop habits.
Most kids discover ways.
Most kids do activities.
Most kids do feel a little lonesome.
Most kids do it.
Most kids do one or two dishes.
Most kids do outgrow the condition, but some continue to contend with eczema well into adulthood.
Most kids do.
Most kids don t get to grow up and live their dream.
Most kids don t like to be foster children because they miss their birth parents.
Most kids don t trust their teachers.
Most kids don t want to admit to their parents that they wore cool clothes.
Most kids don' t want to simply splash around in the pool.
Most kids dread it.
Most kids drink salty water.
Most kids drink water.
Most kids drop out of high school, and drugs are more common than newspapers.
Most kids eat breakfasts.
Most kids eat dairy products.
Most kids eat downstairs in the long, sunlit canyon of the cafeteria.
Most kids eat fast food.
Most kids eat food.
Most kids eat junk food.
Most kids eat kiwifruit skin and all.
Most kids eat products.
Most kids eat solid food.
Most kids enjoy a totally new event even more when they know what to expect.
Most kids enjoy being read to long after they've learned to read well on their own.
Most kids enjoy being with their friends.
Most kids enjoy creatures.
Most kids enjoy face painting.
Most kids enjoy feeling like a grown-up.
Most kids enjoy kids.
Most kids enjoy playing games and doing different activities.
Most kids enjoy working on the computer and are comfortable with it.
Most kids expect a prize for being good.
Most kids experience ill effects.
Most kids explore designs.
Most kids express interest.
Most kids favor backpacks and book bags over lugging huge binders.
Most kids feel a little scared when asked to do drugs, but very proud when they say no.
Most kids feel alienated from one another.
Most kids feel differences.
Most kids fight to be adults.
Most kids figure it out after a few days.
Most kids filter what they see and hear outside of home through what they see and hear in the home.
Most kids find a smaller desk humiliating.
Most kids find it hard to sit still.
Most kids find safety.
Most kids find versions.
Most kids follow mothers.
Most kids get a break by signing on to their parents coverage.
Most kids get a kick out of a little bell.
Most kids get a sinus infection at some point.
Most kids get bored eating the same cereal everyday or bread and jam etc.
Most kids get chances.
Most kids get development.
Most kids get excitement.
Most kids get fevers.
Most kids get good nutrition.
Most kids get homes.
Most kids get ideas.
Most kids get injections.
Most kids get language development.
Most kids get lead poisoning because of conditions in and around their house.
Most kids get mothers.
Most kids get nearly two weeks off.
Most kids get necessary nutrients.
Most kids get nutrients.
Most kids get nutrition.
Most kids get past the temptation of the calculator and spell checker soon enough.
Most kids get scarlet fevers.
Most kids get summer vacation.
Most kids get teams.
Most kids get their drugs at school, or at least through people they know from school.
Most kids get time.
Most kids get vacation.
Most kids go home exhausted.
Most kids go on adventures.
Most kids go through one box per quarter.
Most kids go through that.
Most kids go to amusement parks, carnivals and shows with their parents.
Most kids go to beds.
Most kids go to high schools.
Most kids go to school by walking because they live close by.
Most kids go to schools.
Most kids going to school now drive.
Most kids grow into adults.
Most kids grow into attractive men.
Most kids grow into attractive young men.
Most kids grow into men.
Most kids grow into young men.
Most kids grow out of food fads and eventually come around to eating once-hated foods.
Most kids grow out of the strict clique structures.
Most kids grow up in environments.
Most kids grow up to like their dads sports teams, which is understandable.
Most kids grow up with a hero.
Most kids hate homework, and many parents dread it, too, but there's no getting around it.
Most kids hate homework.
Most kids hate it.
Most kids hate the word, but as they grow, there is exceptional value from learning to love it.
Most kids hate whole grain bread.
Most kids have a deep despair.
Most kids have a faith that is unbalanced in one direction or the other.
Most kids have a favorite sport, and they like to play it a lot.
Most kids have a higher level of cyber knowledge than their parents.
Most kids have a natural affinity for the warm fuzzies of fiber arts.
Most kids have a pretty good sense of right and wrong.
Most kids have a treehouse or a swingset.
Most kids have a very, very narrow scope of what they think is available.
Most kids have ability.
Most kids have battery life.
Most kids have behavior.
Most kids have boys as best friends.
Most kids have capacity.
Most kids have cereals.
Most kids have chances.
Most kids have cognitive performance.
Most kids have concepts.
Most kids have contact.
Most kids have curiosities.
Most kids have doubt.
Most kids have dreams.
Most kids have energy.
Most kids have eyes.
Most kids have families.
Most kids have fantastical imaginations.
Most kids have food.
Most kids have growth hormones.
Most kids have hands.
Most kids have hormones.
Most kids have knowledge.
Most kids have lice.
Most kids have life.
Most kids have mathematical ability.
Most kids have moms.
Most kids have no idea how to answer that question.
Most kids have no idea.
Most kids have pain.
Most kids have performance.
Most kids have plenty of buddies but few spiritual mentors.
Most kids have senses.
Most kids have some access.
Most kids have spontaneous curiosities.
Most kids have talent.
Most kids have teeth.
Most kids have that.
Most kids have the luxury of time to see their dreams being converted into reality.
Most kids have their own favorite dish.
Most kids have their own webpages.
Most kids have to try a food several times before they decide they like it.
Most kids have too many toys, anyway.
Most kids have unusual ability.
Most kids have unusual mathematical ability.
Most kids have upper hands.
Most kids have white teeth.
Most kids have years.
Most kids here are interested in the market.
Most kids improve health.
Most kids investigate gases.
Most kids investigate greenhouse gases.
Most kids involve in activities.
Most kids jump at the chance to shoot hoops or go hiking, biking or swimming.
Most kids jump for joy when the TV announces that heavy snow or a gas leak has canceled classes.
Most kids just quit.
Most kids just think of it as an interesting sprinkler.
Most kids know enough to exit the stage gratefully while vowing never to skip practice again.
Most kids know how to keep things private in a family.
Most kids know how to play the game.
Most kids know in the rough sports, football, hockey, wrestling, a mouth guard is mandatory.
Most kids know that and act accordingly.
Most kids know that apples grow on apple trees.
Most kids know the answer well.
Most kids laugh at the idea.
Most kids lead life.
Most kids learn about frogs.
Most kids learn about lessons.
Most kids learn about science.
Most kids learn games.
Most kids learn good scientific procedures.
Most kids learn great games.
Most kids learn importance.
Most kids learn letters and numbers in due time, anyway.
Most kids learn lots.
Most kids learn procedures.
Most kids learn scientific procedures.
Most kids learn to drink during their high school years.
Most kids learn to play music completely disassociated from school.
Most kids learn to swim at camp.
Most kids leave families.
Most kids leave homes.
Most kids lie.
Most kids like to come to a program where they can be successful.
Most kids like to play soccer.
Most kids like to sing.
Most kids like to take things apart to see how they work.
Most kids love aliens, monsters and mythical beasts.
Most kids love animals, trains, and kids who shine.
Most kids love anything to do with water.
Most kids love books.
Most kids love diving, and a lot of parents dive with their kids.
Most kids love Egypt and enjoy learning about ancient Egyptian life and culture.
Most kids love experiments.
Most kids love exploring tide pools, searching streams, viewing waterfalls and sniffing flowers.
Most kids love fruits.
Most kids love having their own clock, and most parents love having extra sleep.
Most kids love milk.
Most kids love pasta, especially if they are shaped weird.
Most kids love pets.
Most kids love playing the educational computer games.
Most kids love poetry until the age of six.
Most kids love science experiments.
Most kids love stickers .
Most kids love taking the quizzes on the computer after each book they read.
Most kids love to build things even if it s just stacking one block on top of another.
Most Kids love to carry their own backpack with a light snack item inside.
Most kids love to get something in the mail when they are away at camp.
Most kids love to help put it together, which can often be an interesting endeavor in and of itself.
Most kids love to perform for the camera.
Most kids love to snorkel and swim.
Most kids love to watch television, sometimes too much.
Most kids make effort.
Most kids make noise.
Most kids manage to find trouble.
Most kids move on quickly from error and loss.
Most kids needed to be given anesthesia to be perfectly still for radiation.
Most kids never get to meet their heroes.
Most kids only care about today.
Most kids opt for activities.
Most kids paint pictures.
Most kids participate in activities.
Most kids participate in physical activities.
Most kids participate in sports.
Most kids participate in vigorous activities.
Most kids participate in vigorous physical activities.
Most kids pass adolescence.
Most kids play baseball.
Most kids play games.
Most kids play with children.
Most kids possess flaws.
Most kids practice scientific concepts.
Most kids prefer to buy the trick ones.
Most kids range in ages.
Most kids reach maturity.
Most kids reach sexual maturity.
Most kids react to food.
Most kids read biology textbooks.
Most kids read stories.
Most kids read textbooks.
Most kids realize technology.
Most kids realize that gambling is a losing endeavor.
Most kids receive backpacks.
Most kids receive milk.
Most kids recognize popular singers.
Most kids recognize singers.
Most kids recognize that.
Most kids recover fast from acute otitis media without antibiotics.
Most kids recover within a few hours.
Most kids relish staying home from school when they're sick.
Most kids remove shoes.
Most kids require assistance.
Most kids require nutrition.
Most kids require special assistance.
Most kids ride bikes.
Most kids ride buses to school, though some walk and others come in cars.
Most kids ride buses.
Most kids ride the bus to school.
Most kids ride the bus.
Most kids run to first base and stop, awaiting further directions from their shouting mothers.
Most kids say coed sleepovers are no big deal.
Most kids say they fear homework and grades far more than they do school violence.
Most kids see a sub as a day off.
Most kids see better than adults, and they know the ball went out, over, or too much to the left.
Most kids see clouds.
Most kids see families.
Most kids see friends.
Most kids see pictures of a farm and think it's going to be a lot of fun.
Most kids see snowflakes.
Most kids see their education as a means to an end.
Most kids seem to absolutely love it, for example.
Most kids seem to be angels at school, then switch back to whining devils when they get home.
Most kids share resemblance.
Most kids show affection.
Most kids sit at picnic tables.
Most kids sit at tables.
Most kids sit on floors.
Most kids soon learn to tune out their parents.
Most kids spend an average of almost half an hour a day coloring.
Most kids spend less than half their waking hours in school.
Most kids spend lots of time telling their parents what other parents let their kids do.
Most kids spend most of their money on the weekends.
Most kids spend some time in a car or on a school bus every day.
Most kids spend their days playing with friends and learning to write in cursive.
Most kids spin the wheel by slapping it.
Most kids start rowing when they are in high school.
Most kids stay out of trouble.
Most kids stay with mothers.
Most kids stay with their families where there is some chance of food.
Most kids still have little to say about what they're being taught.
Most kids still have to learn the hard way.
Most kids still see scientists and engineers as nerds.
Most kids still walk or ride donkeys.
Most kids struggle with hunger.
Most kids suffer from an economy of time.
Most kids tagging out there are introverts.
Most kids take care.
Most kids take playing on a sports team for granted.
Most kids take public transportation or walk.
Most kids tell small lies to avoid getting punished or incurring a parent's wrath.
Most kids tend to be sold for slaughter from four to eight months of age.
Most kids think of it as abuse and torture.
Most kids think Santa knows everything and can answer any question about anything.
Most kids think the student counselors system fills an important role.
Most kids touch their sex organs for pleasure.
Most kids understand the latter better than their parents.
Most kids use booster seats.
Most kids use computers to play games and to type homework.
Most kids use filthy language at school.
Most kids use it as a quicker route to different halls, and a place to hang out and socialize.
Most kids use seats.
Most kids use senses.
Most kids vary in ages.
Most kids visit doctors.
Most kids walk home from school because their house is so close to the school.
Most kids walk out of the hospital afterwards, and even walk home if they live close enough.
Most kids watch images.
Most kids wind up stealing to eat.
Some kids always answer questions, raise their hands.
Some kids always do rhyming words.
Some kids sometimes appear to be ruder than they mean to be.
Some kid goes out, makes ten million dollars a picture, and they think they know about acting.
Some kid jumps on a pier and causes it to collapse into the water.
Some kids abuse their insulin because they actually enjoy it.
Some kids acquire kids.
Some kids adjust slowly, some right away.
Some kids agree they're surprised when someone gets hurt.
Some kids agree.
Some kids already have a handle on many of the words that are being taught.
Some kids already take music lessons.
Some kids also come to camp in mixed groups.
Some kids also forget to wash their hands and flush the toilets.
Some kids also have what are called cross-reactions.
Some kids answer the questions.
Some kids are a little more sensitive than others.
Some kids are able to talk to themselves to keep from getting angry.
Some kids are able to withstand greater shocks than others.
Some kids are afraid of making new friends.
Some kids are afraid to go to school because of sexual harassment.
Some kids are also able to really concentrate and think about one thing for a long time.
Some kids are always in trouble.
Some kids are blatantly belligerent.
Some kids are camp counsellors or swimming instructors.
Some kids are cooperative and some are testers.
Some kids are creative in art or music.
Some kids are famous even before they go to camp.
Some kids are feisty and impulsive, whereas other children are fretful and slow to warm up.
Some kids are fortunate to see their mom or dad, or both.
Some kids are gifted,some have learning disabilities and some neet to improve their English.
Some kids are good in art, some in math, some in language.
Some kids are happier riding their skateboards than dealing with the structure of soccer practice.
Some kids are here more than a year, some only three weeks.
Some kids are impulsive.
Some kids are in foster care.
Some kids are in it for fun, while some parents make their kids race.
Some kids are incredible from the time they hit the stand.
Some kids are inferior and blight the standing of the institution.
Some kids are intolerant and impatient with the world.
Some kids are jerks, plain and simple.
Some kids are just immune to fear.
Some kids are just late bloomers.
Some kids are just more aggressive, dominating and impulsive by nature.
Some kids are just more detail-oriented than others.
Some kids are just more exploratory than others.
Some kids are just naturals.
Some kids are just particularly vulnerable to being hungry, cold and tired.
Some kids are just plain mean, and even the nice ones can act that way.
Some kids are just uncontrollable.
Some kids are methodical and determined.
Some kids are more ambitious than others.
Some kids are more outgoing.
Some kids are more prone to tantrums.
Some kids are more receptive to the idea than others.
Some kids are natural good spellers.
Some kids are open to sharing their pails and shovels.
Some kids are orchids.
Some kids are out of control.
Some kids are out practicing while others are getting ready in otherways.
Some kids are over-achievers.
Some kids are overly sensitive.
Some kids are particularly anxious about going to school for the first time.
Some kids are particularly sensitive to refined sugar, additives, preservatives, etc.
Some kids are pure shooters.
Some kids are ready before others.
Some kids are real believable.
Some kids are realistic about the facts of life and are cautious and responsible.
Some kids are really good at that.
Some kids are really good at thinking on their feet.
Some kids are really good football and soccer players.
Some kids are scared.
Some kids are serious athletes who follow traning diets.
Some kids are sick all the time.
Some kids are skinny enough that they can see a few of their ribs right through their skin.
Some kids are skinny while others have a major problem with their weight.
Some kids are smart about some things but they fall behind in school work.
Some kids are smart.
Some kids are smarter than others.
Some kids are 'smarter' than others.
Some kids are so developmentally behind by the time the enter school, they never can catch up.
Some kids are so nasty to other kids.
Some kids are sure to find the books too frightening, and some parents are sure to object.
Some kids are too medically frail to be in mainstream classes.
Some kids are too scared to come to school.
Some kids are totally surprised that they are ready for sleep by eight and up at five.
Some kids are uncomfortable without a peer present.
Some kids are underprivileged, some are rich.
Some kids are very afraid of shots.
Some kids are, in some ways, weaned on beer.
Some kids are.
Some kids aspire to be pilots or firefighters.
Some kids attend parties.
Some kids avoid snacks.
Some kids avoid unhealthy snacks.
Some kids become computer-addicted.
Some kids become designers.
Some kids become leaders.
Some kids become manic and totally out of control.
Some kids become women.
Some kids behave differently in PE because of age, sex, race, skill level, or socioeconomic factors.
Some kids believe that others think they are tough when they win a fight.
Some kids believe that their vote doesn t count.
Some kids belong to conforming peer groups and other kids belong to rebellious peer groups.
Some kids benefit from music being played while they go to sleep.
Some kids blow it off and some effect an air of bravado.
Some kids bring home news, others clam up.
Some kids can be pretty unfair that way.
Some kids can do it once and walk away.
Some kids can do that at age four or five.
Some kids can even make the procedure add fractions with different denominators.
Some kids can fall into the screen, but other things cause that.
Some kids can figure out right away how another kid is feeling.
Some kids can go on a dirt road.
Some kids can handle the dedication to the sport and still have a girlfriend.
Some kids can have a learning disorder, problems doing their work.
Some kids can have effects.
Some kids can have jobs.
Some kids can have side effects.
Some kids can pick it up from reading.
Some kids can play piano, some can act, and there are kids that sing beautifully.
Some kids can play violent video games but have nightmares after a scary movie.
Some kids can really get into character.
Some kids can ride free still bikes and race other kids.
Some kids can run fast, some kids can jump high.
Some kids can take being picked on.
Some kids can talk to their parents about sex and get all the questions they have answered.
Some kids can think of different ways to handle disagreements.
Some kids can turn the hot water on by themselves.
Some kids can zoom through their math lesson while others take the full hour.
Some kids care for parents.
Some kids carry their chess pieces in plastic grocery bags.
Some kids chew food and spit it out into bags that they hide in their room.
Some kids choose to wear contact lenses instead of glasses.
Some kids click on the wrong country, or some country they'd fancy to visit.
Some kids come along very fast.
Some kids come from backgrounds.
Some kids come from small schools in small towns and tend to hide their talents.
Some kids come from Spanish speaking families and many other languages.
Some kids come here and double their mileage.
Some kids come here with their skateboards.
Some kids come in contact.
Some kids come in from other countries and get contaminated.
Some kids come in here, they are real intense.
Some kids come to believe that the only way out is suicide, which is violence against themselves.
Some kids come to our program feeling really bad about their size.
Some kids come to school from homes without a book in the house.
Some kids commit crime.
Some kids commit suicide.
Some kids compare height.
Some kids complete transformation.
Some kids crack under pressure.
Some kids create recipes.
Some kids cry and some are scared, but most have fun.
Some kids cry while others wet themselves.
Some kids cry.
Some kids decide to get another kind of pet that they can love.
Some kids diagnose with attachment disorder.
Some kids diagnose with disorder.
Some kids diagnose with illnesses.
Some kids diagnose with serious illnesses.
Some kids die in chairs.
Some kids die in dental chairs.
Some kids dig holes and build castles.
Some kids discuss acid rain.
Some kids discuss rain.
Some kids dislike time-outs so much that eventually the warning itself does the job.
Some kids do bad things.
Some kids do be in individual sports.
Some kids do better than others when they grow up.
Some kids do it just to be 'cool'.
Some kids do it with broomsticks.
Some kids do just great.
Some kids do learn and excel.
Some kids do most of their learning from each other, bouncing ideas off of others.
Some kids do really stupid things.
Some kids do stupid things.
Some kids do take to it faster than others.
Some kids do terrible things and ought to be given a little, tiny bit of leniency.
Some kids do the whole thing the night before.
Some kids do their homework right away and do sports afterwards, like soccer.
Some kids do things as a result of peer pressure.
Some kids do well in some subjects and poorly in others.
Some kids do well with structure, some dont.
Some kids do, of course.
Some kids don t have computers.
Some kids don t like reading.
Some kids draw genetic heritage.
Some kids draw heritage.
Some kids dream of the day when they're old enough to get that first summer job.
Some kids drink the equivalent of four cups of coffee a day.
Some kids eat beets.
Some kids eat breakfast at school.
Some kids eat fish.
Some kids end up picking their noses as a way to relieve that itchy feeling.
Some kids enjoy experiments.
Some kids enjoy making a game of teasing.
Some kids enter colleges.
Some kids enter leagues.
Some kids equate success on the exams with success in life.
Some kids even chow down on their nails until their fingertips and cuticles bleed.
Some kids even forget who their own parents are.
Some kids even leave out a little salt which is really good for reindeer.
Some kids even switch to bidis in an attempt to cut back on smoking.
Some kids experience many moves, many families and then . . .
Some kids experience physical danger.
Some kids explain characteristic features.
Some kids explain features.
Some kids fear division so much that they never even pick up their pencils to attempt the problem.
Some kids feed off whether their girlfriends are in the stands.
Some kids feel alienated and act out their anger in the worst possible way.
Some kids feel better after talking to a psychologist , counselor, or social worker.
Some kids feel better after talking to a psychologist or social worker.
Some kids feel choices.
Some kids feel embarrassed to ask friends over because of the alcoholic's behavior.
Some kids feel insecure in any new situation.
Some kids feel like going to the playroom.
Some kids feel like staying in bed and getting a lot of rest.
Some kids feel power.
Some kids feel pressured by their peers to shoplift, especially during the holiday season.
Some kids feel that way too.
Some kids feel unable to look out for themselves.
Some kids fill their nets with clams in just two hours.
Some kids find a safe and stable environment in a foster care setting.
Some kids find anemones.
Some kids find censorship to be a challenge, actually piquing their interest in forbidden material.
Some kids find it hard to go to school or make friends.
Some kids find it hard to join new activities or enter into new experiences.
Some kids find it is easier to pay attention if they have something to do with their hands.
Some kids find lists.
Some kids find scary stories disturbing, even at mature ages.
Some kids find sensory comfort and support in foods with a sour taste.
Some kids find their needs change as they get older or change schools.
Some kids find themselves that way.
Some kids find ways.
Some kids fire it anywhere, just to get rid of it.
Some kids follow diets.
Some kids follow simulation.
Some kids follow vegetarian diets.
Some kids get a little grumpy but they have good ideas and the leaders are good.
Some kids get ages.
Some kids get better over time.
Some kids get bored quickly and talk too much in class.
Some kids get bored, restless and anxious, and they turn to food for comfort, experts say.
Some kids get business.
Some kids get certificates.
Some kids get dairy food.
Some kids get death certificates.
Some kids get exposure to different people through church groups.
Some kids get food.
Some kids get head lice.
Some kids get help.
Some kids get jobs.
Some kids get kids.
Some kids get legs.
Some kids get lice.
Some kids get more angry when they talk to themselves.
Some kids get multiple piercings because they like the rush of pain and the endorphin high.
Some kids get stricter punishment than others.
Some kids get success in things other than academics.
Some kids get the house or a locket.
Some kids get the names of presidents and heroes, to lift their eyes to high expectations.
Some kids get the yen to cook early.
Some kids get their thrills by catching a wave.
Some kids get therapy at school and some kids go to a special clinic to see their therapists.
Some kids get too big.
Some kids give high priority to retaliation goals.
Some kids give up on themselves and quit trying altogether.
Some kids glom onto the idea as a new fun challenge.
Some kids go for their education.
Some kids go home the same day they have surgery.
Some kids go into a clique that is opposite of their family s personality.
Some kids go more willingly than others.
Some kids go on a ride through Shock street.
Some kids go snow tubing.
Some kids go through body changes sooner than others.
Some kids go through it more than others, but it's very common.
Some kids go through life and take it a little lackadaisical, like they are going to go on forever.
Some kids go to church.
Some kids go to extraordinary lengths to stay away from school.
Some kids go to middle school for three years.
Some kids go up to the marshmallow, smell it, then leap back like it's dangerous.
Some kids gravitate to cliques because of shyness, insecurity or self-preoccupation.
Some kids grin and bear it and never become violent, but others choose revenge.
Some kids grow up as gym rats.
Some kids grow up in hell and still have hope and live a happy life.
Some kids grow up playing soccer.
Some kids grow up wanting to be firemen.
Some kids grow up wanting to be president.
Some kids grow up wanting to be pro-football players.
Some kids grow up with dreams of being a sports star or pop music idol.
Some kids grow vegetables.
Some kids handle their first time playing better than others.
Some kids hate to take pills.
Some kids have a characteristic that's been referred to as sensation seeking.
Some kids have a hard time handling the pressure and emotions.
Some kids have a hard time understanding and expressing their angry feelings.
Some kids have a lot of difficult problems.
Some kids have a natural aversion to foods that they associate with being sick.
Some kids have a pretty easy time figuring out how others are feeling about something.
Some kids have a pretty tough time.
Some kids have a tap of inexhaustible energy, constantly flitting from one activity to another.
Some kids have access to expensive equipment and others are struggling.
Some kids have advantage.
Some kids have all the luck.
Some kids have an adverse reaction to the make-up.
Some kids have an allergy to the oil in peanuts.
Some kids have an unhappy home life.
Some kids have appreciation.
Some kids have asthma.
Some kids have babies.
Some kids have blankets, and others have stuffed animals.
Some kids have blindingly white teeth, and others have teeth that emerge a little yellowish.
Some kids have chickens.
Some kids have concern.
Some kids have difficulty being away from home.
Some kids have fevers.
Some kids have freckles, others have red hair, and some have food allergies.
Some kids have grandparents that live far away.
Some kids have hot lunch and some kids have cold lunch.
Some kids have infection.
Some kids have kids.
Some kids have ladybugs.
Some kids have material needs, too.
Some kids have more drive and desire to reach their potential.
Some kids have no hobbies to translate into businesses.
Some kids have obvious advantage.
Some kids have one grandparent, some kids have two, some have three, or even four.
Some kids have one or both ear canals that make extra earwax.
Some kids have one parent.
Some kids have only mild, occasional symptoms or only show symptoms after exercising.
Some kids have organized gatherings with parents.
Some kids have parents in the hospital.
Some kids have polios.
Some kids have separation anxiety from parents or a social phobia.
Some kids have tapeworm infection.
Some kids have the time of their lives in high school, and weep uncontrollably at graduation.
Some kids have time for everything but homework.
Some kids have to be disciplined and have to learn the rules.
Some kids have to follow their parents to many different parts of the world.
Some kids have to miss break so they can eat their lunch.
Some kids have to run the household when they get home.
Some kids have to sit on the floor to take tests.
Some kids have trouble reading, which has to be a big handicap for acquiring knowledge.
Some kids have trouble understanding language even though their hearing and vision are normal.
Some kids have trouble with organization.
Some kids have trouble with that.
Some kids have trouble.
Some kids have whole new appreciation.
Some kids have withdrawals from coming off of the dose.
Some kids hear of the program from older brothers, sisters or friends who have participated before.
Some kids help out by doing the dishes at their house.
Some kids hike and sail at summer camp.
Some kids hold flashlights.
Some kids hold others back because they are so slow to understand what is being taught.
Some kids homeschool for a while, then go back to school or attend school part-time.
Some kids indulge all four years of high school and turn out successful.
Some kids invent more complicated obstacle courses that have a series of activities.
Some kids involve in energy.
Some kids jump and scream.
Some kids just are sensitive.
Some kids just do.
Some kids just grab it.
Some kids just grow more slowly than others because their parents did, too.
Some kids just have no idea what to do.
Some kids just have trouble dissecting things.
Some kids just like to go around the rink.
Some kids just like to sit and talk and get very little done.
Some kids just like to skate in the middle circle.
Some kids just make a lot of careless mistakes on school work.
Some kids just pack up and go home.
Some kids just seem connected to the outdoors.
Some kids just seem to be born entrepreneurs.
Some kids just stand out.
Some kids just walk through without looking at anything.
Some kids keep doing it.
Some kids keep journals.
Some kids kill snakes.
Some kids know sounds and letters by then, some letters, some just a little.
Some kids know what is important.
Some kids know why they get angry.
Some kids know why they get upset.
Some kids laugh as one of the family's aunts trips and falls over a toy in the living room.
Some kids learn about condensation.
Some kids learn best with movement or music or tactile exploration.
Some kids learn difficulty.
Some kids learn it better with a whole language approach, others learn it more easily with phonics.
Some kids learn to hit and throw the ball much harder and faster than others of the same age do.
Some kids like books and magic markers, others like to work puzzles.
Some kids like to add a Bible verse to each different leaf page.
Some kids like to be boss all the time.
Some kids like to collect as many different kinds of stickers as they can find.
Some kids like to color.
Some kids like to eat their candy fast.
Some kids like to hold the mouse tightly.
Some kids like to make fun of other kids.
Some kids like to make gifts.
Some kids like to makeup a pretend name, like a super name.
Some kids like to practice a second language with a pen friend.
Some kids like to remember the fun they had with their pets.
Some kids like to take the chicks out of the eggs, so the glue is optional here.
Some kids listen harder than others.
Some kids live in an at-risk environment, but develop like they are suppose to.
Some kids live on selling candy and gum.
Some kids live right on the line.
Some kids look at snails.
Some kids look old enough.
Some kids lose battles.
Some kids lose fingernails.
Some kids lose interest.
Some kids lose their tempers more than usual and get angry at their friends or families.
Some kids love bug jars.
Some kids love celery.
Some kids love characters.
Some kids love computers so much that they refuse to go unless there's a computer at camp.
Some kids love eating anything off a toothpick, especially if they can spear it themselves.
Some kids love gruesome images.
Some kids love it, some plain hate it.
Some kids love jars.
Some kids love oatmeals.
Some kids love physical activity.
Some kids love to go downhill skiing.
Some kids love to read.
Some kids make it there by way of drug assistance.
Some kids make life.
Some kids mature more quickly than others.
Some kids measure length.
Some kids measure snow.
Some kids miss weeks of school as a result.
Some kids naturally have trouble fitting in socially.
Some kids naturally run on their heels instead of the balls of their feet.
Some kids navigate the maze with ease.
Some kids never grow up.
Some kids never outgrow fossils.
Some kids never win.
Some kids only feel good when they are able to put someone else down.
Some kids only have trouble paying attention and staying organized.
Some kids opt for the status quo, becoming replacement ants in the anonymous majoritarian anthill.
Some kids panic a little at meets, so it is good to have a safe routine ready if needed.
Some kids pay more attention to what's going on in their own streets or community center.
Some kids play a prank on some seagulls.
Some kids play badminton.
Some kids play basketball.
Some kids play dead.
Some kids play music.
Some kids play on the grass and hide behind the trees.
Some kids play 'Transformers' or whatever when they're little.
Some kids point to the lack of a loving father figure in the home.
Some kids practice in their garage, make up an act and come here to perform.
Some kids prefer gardening and shoveling snow and farm-related physical labor.
Some kids pull out their hair in tufts when they tantrum or stressed.
Some kids quit coming to the group.
Some kids quit the team.
Some kids rate several TTFs.
Some kids reach full growth potential.
Some kids reach full potential.
Some kids reach growth potential.
Some kids reach potential.
Some kids read books about dogs.
Some kids really get it bad when they lie.
Some kids really struggle.
Some kids rebel and pull away from the smothering.
Some kids rebel.
Some kids refer to adults by both first and last names, or by relationship.
Some kids remember ideas through visuals and colors.
Some kids require special education or more hands-on education than others.
Some kids respond to that activity.
Some kids ride their bike, some hike, some listen to music.
Some kids run away from home and become homeless.
Some kids run into a room which unaccountably has three witches in it adding to the chaos.
Some kids say it makes practicing math fun.
Some kids say on rainy days that they're sooo bored.
Some kids say that when they sleep a lot, they feel even worse.
Some kids say they feel pressure from their parents.
Some kids say they still have nightmares.
Some kids see makeup.
Some kids see wear makeup.
Some kids see wear more makeup.
Some kids seem to be born organized and focused.
Some kids seem to want everything they see in the store.
Some kids share a room with their brother or sister.
Some kids shoot off a model rocket inside the house.
Some kids shoot up a school and people start pointing the finger.
Some kids show attention deficits.
Some kids show deficits.
Some kids simply take longer to make the transition.
Some kids singe their flash shoes.
Some kids sit in fronts.
Some kids sit on the shoulders of the fathers, others are on the back of the mothers.
Some kids skate through high school.
Some kids smuggle a knife into school and around the security point metal detectors.
Some kids speak it and many adults speak it, and that's a base.
Some kids speak out of turn.
Some kids spend a lot of their time just getting used to having power.
Some kids spend great amounts of time in front of various screens.
Some kids spend more than an hour a week in spiritual activities.
Some kids spend the entire program studying.
Some kids spend weeks thinking up the perfect joke.
Some kids spit, hit, or just ignore the people.
Some kids splash about in the river, others play cricket, others sell postcards.
Some kids stand against a counter, some sit at tables and the others at desks.
Some kids start getting homework as early as kindergarden.
Some kids start out eager then something happens that dampens their enthusiasm.
Some kids start out with drugs and sex and end up college-less, jobless, homeless and even dead.
Some kids start to drink alcohol at a young age.
Some kids starts to run.
Some kids stay, some kids leave.
Some kids stop working when they get to a certain age.
Some kids stray from the program.
Some kids study best before breakfast, or after dinner.
Some kids study to go to college-prep schools.
Some kids study with friends, teaching each other things that are hard to understand.
Some kids suffer from diarrhea.
Some kids take a long time to put themselves to sleep.
Some kids take hormones.
Some kids take lessons.
Some kids take medications to help control special problems, such as seizures or anxiety.
Some kids take pictures.
Some kids take rollers.
Some kids take the whole thing too literally.
Some kids take their device off during sports.
Some kids take their letters to the cemetary, some just keep it in their room.
Some kids talk to themselves to help figure out what to do in a situation.
Some kids test well, while others can give a graphic description of what they have learned.
Some kids think differently of different teachers.
Some kids think divorce is their fault.
Some kids think it is best to get excited during disagreements.
Some kids think it's a lot of fun.
Some kids think it's boring to read.
Some kids think of every set of papers as another test.
Some kids think of intelligence as a fixed trait.
Some kids think popularity is everything.
Some kids think that if they belittle others they'll feel bigger.
Some kids think they are just being funny.
Some kids think they are the only one in their school or neighborhood.
Some kids thrive in large-school environments.
Some kids thrive on phonics.
Some kids throw bottles.
Some kids understand death.
Some kids understand gods.
Some kids understand ozone pollution.
Some kids understand pollution.
Some kids understand weather.
Some kids use a hundred points a week.
Some kids use guns.
Some kids use it to get back at their parents.
Some kids use maps.
Some kids use the internet for nothing but research or e-mail.
Some kids use the plastic balls from roll-on deodorant.
Some kids use their cards to pay tuition and buy books.
Some kids use weather maps.
Some kids view activities.
Some kids view learn activities.
Some kids wait to go through it when they get to college.
Some kids walk home.
Some kids watch men.
Some kids watch movies about dogs.
Some kids watch sports.
Some kids wear capes.
Some kids wear cloaks.
Some kids wear glass.
Some kids wear helmets.
Some kids wear the same soiled clothes to school every day.
Some kids work better with a little, low-level background sound.
Some kids work hard on the team and some are natural athletes.
Some kids work in jobs.
Some kids work on habits.
Some kids work on healthy habits.
Some kids write poems about their drawings.
Some kids write tell-all books about their famous parents.
A kiddy is a child
Kiddies are children.
Kiddies pool and playground, two tennis courts.
Kiddies roll toy cars across the pews.
Kiddies room with toys.
Kiddies run wild, cousins who flirt, And a truckload of others who're older than dirt.
More kidly recordings are in the works.
Kidnap plot turns into sexual assault.
Kidnapped children are scary.
A kidnapper is a captor
A kidnapper is a criminal
Kidnapper isa criminal.
Kidnapper isa crook.
Kidnapper isa individual.
Kidnapper isa person.
Kidnapper isa somebody.
Kidnapper isa someone.
Kidnappers are tall, undead mobs that carry a sack over their shoulder.
Kidnappers can win, by collectiong the money or killing the bagmen.
Kidnappers have (part) arms.
Kidnappers have (part) body substances.
Kidnappers have (part) cell membranes.
Kidnappers have (part) cells.
Kidnappers have (part) corpi.
Kidnappers have (part) cytoplasm.
Kidnappers have (part) heads.
Kidnappers have (part) human bodies.
Kidnappers have (part) legs.
Kidnappers have (part) material bodies.
Kidnappers have (part) necks.
Kidnappers have (part) nuclei.
Kidnappers have (part) personality.
Kidnappers have (part) plasma membranes.
Kidnappers have (part) sections.
Kidnappers have (part) vacuoles.
Kidnappers frequently keep victims under surveillance for several days prior to an abduction.
Many kidnappers kill their victims to prevent later identification.
Some kidnappers adopt infants.
Some kidnappers lose interest.
A kidnapping is a seizure
Kidnapping are attacks.
Kidnapping are captures.
Kidnapping are criminal acts.
Kidnapping can be a very dangerous game.
Kidnapping is a common phenomenon in the area, and ransom is usually the motive.
Kidnapping is a felony.
Kidnapping is a major industry here, with more than a hundred incidents in the last three years.
Kidnapping is a major source of rebel financing.
Kidnapping is a second degree felony.
Kidnapping is a serious problem.
Kidnapping is a sign of the ill exercise of law and government and the absence of the modern state.
Kidnapping is a single crime, but for purposes of sec.
Kidnapping is a single crime, rather than, say, one crime per hour of detention.
Kidnapping is a substantial problem in Kosovo.
Kidnapping is an aggravated form of false imprisonment.
Kidnapping is an indictable-only offence .
Kidnapping is an offence under the common law of England and Wales .
Kidnapping is another way of finding the enemy base.
Kidnapping is big business in Colombia.
Kidnapping is just too much trouble.
Kidnapping is neither an insurgent nor a political statement.
Kidnapping is punishable by a maximum term of ninety-nine years of imprisonment.
Kidnapping is punishable with imprisonment or fine at the discretion of the court.
Kidnapping is seen as a way to forcefully achieve the re-distribution of resources.
Kidnapping is so rampant in Japan that even foreigners are frequently abducted there.
Kidnapping is still common in Italy.
Kidnapping is the abduction and detention of person, to exact money or for other unlawful end.
Kidnapping is the act of taking a hostage and asking for a sum of money, called ransom.
Kidnapping is thought to be a particular growth area.
Kidnapping remains a threat.
Kidnapping requires proof of a specific intention.
Kidnapping requires the willful seizing, confining, or carrying away of a live person.
Kidnapping spreads like a virus in that gap.
Kidnappings are a common practice in Yemen by tribesmen seeking concessions from the government.
Kidnappings are a problem in some regions.
Kidnappings are common in the Cambodian capital.
Kidnappings are so common that ranchers are often too afraid to visit their own property.
Kidnappings are the national scourge.
Kidnappings do still happen.
Kidnappings take the following four patterns.
Kidney cancer can be difficult to diagnose.
Kidney cancer can sometimes cause a mass in the abdomen.
Kidney cancer is resistant to traditional chemotherapy, hormonal therapy and radiation therapy.
Kidney carcinoma is treated when it reaches a certain size preferably by nephron-sparing surgery.
Kidney cysts are a feature of certain other disorders.
Kidney cysts block the flow of urine through the kidneys.
Kidney damage can also occur.
Kidney damage can appear even later.
Kidney damage can increase tiredness and anaemia.
Kidney damage can occur as a result of the muscle breakdown.
Kidney damage can occur from frequent upper urinary tract infections.
Kidney damage can occur if a child has an infection with or without bladder reflux.
Kidney damage can occur, but is rare.
Kidney damage can progress to renal failure.
Kidney damage is usually progressive.
Kidney damage is usually the result of a disease or strong drug use.
Kidney dialysis can also prompt an allergic reaction to the drug.
Kidney dialysis depletes carnitine.
Kidney diseases have symptoms.
Kidney diseases kill patients.
Most kidney diseases have symptoms.
Most kidney diseases kill patients.
Some kidney diseases affect brains.
Some kidney diseases are caused by defects.
Some kidney diseases occur in adults.
Some kidney diseases result from hereditary factors.
Many kidney disorders share the same initial symptoms.
Some kidney disorder triggers excretion.
Kidney failure patients have blood.
Kidney failure patients have follow symptoms.
Kidney failure patients have symptoms.
Kidney failure can result from zinc toxicity, and is a life-threatening complication.
Kidney failure can result in severe cases.
Kidney failure is failure
Kidney failure is nephrosis
Kidney failure occurs in very ill patients.
Kidney failure occurs when the kidneys are no longer able to keep the blood balanced.
Kidney function can worsen with pregnancy.
Kidney function decreases due to kidney atrophy.
Kidney function does decline with age.
Kidney function slows down.
Kidney infection requires immediate treatments.
Kidney infection requires treatments.
Kidney infections are common and are treated with antibiotics.
Kidney infections are more common in women than in men.
Kidney infections are much less common but often more serious than bladder infections.
Kidney infections are much more common in women than men.
Kidney infections are much more serious than bladder infections.
Kidney infections can cause abdominal pain similar to that caused by gallstones.
Kidney infections produce fever and back pain much more commonly than do bladder infections.
Kidney infections require a vigorous treatment and follow-up.
Most kidney infection requires immediate treatments.
Most kidney infection requires treatments.
Most kidney infections are a result of infection spread from the lower tract.
Most kidney infections result from lower urinary system infections, usually of the bladder.
Most kidney infections result from lower urinary tract infections, usually bladder infections.
Some kidney infection leads to excretion.
Kidney injuries require replacement therapy.
Kidney injuries require therapy.
Kidney nephrons have capsules.
Kidney organs touch muscles.
Kidney problems include acute injuries.
Kidney problems include acute kidney injuries.
Kidney problems include injuries.
Kidney problems include kidney injuries.
Some kidney problems happen quickly, like an accident that injures the kidneys.
Kidney specialists explain approaches.
Kidney specialists explain different approaches.
A kidney stone is a calculus
Kidney stones affect men more often than women.
Kidney stones affect more men than women.
Kidney stones appear in a few people, and high blood pressure commonly develops.
Kidney stones are accumulations of material such as drug crystals in the kidneys and urinary tract.
Kidney stones are accumulations of materials in the kidneys, like drug crystals.
Kidney stones are also more frequent in people with gout.
Kidney stones are also one of the most painful of all health problems.
Kidney stones are also very common, but can be prevented with aggressive hydration.
Kidney stones are among the most painful conditions that affect people.
Kidney stones are among the most painful disorders to afflict humans.
Kidney stones are an age-old medical problem.
Kidney stones are approximately three times more common in men than women.
Kidney stones are associated with chronic kidney disease.
Kidney stones are calculuses.
Kidney stones are clumps of calcium oxalate that can be found anywhere in the urinary tract.
Kidney stones are common in premature infants.
Kidney stones are common.
Kidney stones are crystal masses that form from minerals and proteins in the urine.
Kidney stones are deposits of mineral salts, called calculi, in the kidney.
Kidney stones are deposits of uric acid that lodge in the ureters or the urethra.
Kidney stones are diseases.
Kidney stones are exactly what they sound like.
Kidney stones are hardened crystal clumps that can develop in the urinary system.
Kidney stones are held together by a sticky substance known as mucin.
Kidney stones are increasingly common, especially in industrialized and more affluent countries.
Kidney stones are increasingly common.
Kidney stones are less likely to form and some antibiotics are more effective in the alkaline urine.
Kidney stones are mineral crystals that form in urine inside the kidney.
Kidney stones are mineral deposits made up of calcium, uric acid or the amino acid cysteine.
Kidney stones are more common in developed nations and do have regional variation in occurrence.
Kidney stones are more common in men, who account for about four out of five cases.
Kidney stones are more common than in people without the disorder.
Kidney stones are more likely to be formed on high protein, low carbohydrate diets.
Kidney stones are one of the most common and most painful medical problems known.
Kidney stones are one of the most common disorders of the urinary tract.
Kidney stones are painful but usually are excreted without causing permanent damage.
Kidney stones are preventable and curable.
Kidney stones are small, hard rocks that are made within the kidneys.
Kidney stones are small, hard rocks which are made within the kidneys.
Kidney stones are the most common kidney-related side effect.
Kidney stones are the most common urological problem in the United States.
Kidney stones can and do recur, though.
Kidney stones can and do recur.
Kidney stones can be a very painful, and serious problem.
Kidney stones can be as small as a tiny pebble or an inch or more in diameter.
Kidney stones can be one of the most excruciatingly painful ailments.
Kidney stones can cause extreme pain as well as bleeding and infection.
Kidney stones can cause kidney damage.
Kidney stones can cause severe pain.
Kidney stones can form from several different substances.
Kidney stones can form in the kidney.
Kidney stones can grow to a size that can be life threatening or require surgery to remove.
Kidney stones can obstruct the urinary passages and cause severe pain , and bleeding.
Kidney stones can obstruct the urinary passages and cause severe pain and bleeding.
Kidney stones can occur from high or repeated exposure.
Kidney stones cause problems when they block the flow of urine through or out of the kidney.
Kidney stones cause problems when they interfere with the normal flow of urine.
Kidney stones cause severe pain in the back or lower abdomen.
Kidney stones come in virtually any color,though most are yellow to brown.
Kidney stones develop from minerals dissolved in the urine.
Kidney stones develop when chemicals in urine form crystals that stick together and grow in size.
Kidney stones form from chemicals in the urine.
Kidney stones form in the kidney out of substances in the urine.
Kidney stones is the term commonly used to refer to stones, or calculi, in the urinary system.
Kidney stones occur due to low urine pH promoting the crystallization of uric acid .
Kidney stones occur much more commonly in men than in women.
Kidney stones occur when calcium crystals build up inside the kidney.
Kidney stones occur when calcium or other urinary substances collect and crystallize.
Kidney stones occur when the urine has a high level of minerals that form stones.
Kidney stones produce the same symptoms, but they can be caused by several different conditions.
Kidney stones range in color.
Kidney stones tend to run in families and can be associated with geographic factors as well.
Kidney stones tend to run in families.
Kidney stones travel with the urine and can be found anywhere in the urinary system.
Kidney stones vary widely in size and in the amount of pain they cause.
Most kidney stones are calcium oxalate or calcium oxalate combined with calcium phosphate.
Most kidney stones are calcium stones, usually in the form of calcium oxalate.
Most kidney stones are composed of calcium oxalate or calcium phosphate.
Most kidney stones are preventable.
Most kidney stones are rich in calcium oxalate.
Most kidney stones consist of calcium combined with either oxalate or phosphate.
Most kidney stones contain calcium as a main constituent.
Most kidney stones pass out of the body without any intervention by a physician.
Most kidney stones pass out of the body without help from a doctor.
Some kidney stones show up on an ultrasound scan.
Kidney transplants are an alternative to dialysis.
Kidney transplants are commonplace.
Kidney transplants are successful, especially when the donor is a close relative.
Kidney transplants are superior to dialysis, study concludes.
Kidney transplants are the most common organ transplant operations.
Kidney transplants are the most common organ transplant that happens .
Kidney transplants are the most common organ transplant that happens.
Kidney transplants are the most effective way to treat patients with end stage renal disease.
Kidney transplants are transplant surgery.
Kidney transplants have high success rates.
Kidney tubules contain many useful substances.
Kidney tubules contain substances.
Most kidney tubules contain many useful substances.
Most kidney tubules contain substances.
A kidney is an organ
Kidney isa organ.
Kidney retransplants after initial graft loss to vascular thrombosis.
Kidneys are absent.
Kidneys are connected by ducts.
Kidneys are dark red and bean shaped organs.
Kidneys are dark red and some what rectangular and flattened organs.
Kidneys are develop, aiding in the excretion of waste products found in foods such as meat.
Kidneys are filters.
Kidneys are good at concentrating urine and conserving water.
Kidneys are granular in appearance.
Kidneys are happy when they have lots of work to do.
Kidneys are internal organs.
Kidneys are large, separately lobed.
Kidneys are like the battery in a car.
Kidneys are meta ne phros type.
Kidneys are organs that clean the blood and produce urine.
Kidneys are organs that filter blood from waste.
Kidneys are part of bodies.
Kidneys are part of human bodies.
Kidneys are sensitive and susceptible to rejection.
Kidneys are unique, they act as osmoregulatros as well as excretory systems.
Kidneys assist in the maintenance of fluid volume, blood pH, and the chemical composition of fluids.
Kidneys carry urine.
Kidneys collect urine.
Kidneys contain few glomeruluses.
Kidneys contain glomeruluses.
Kidneys contain water.
Kidneys control basic functions.
Kidneys control basic life functions.
Kidneys control blood pressure.
Kidneys control blood.
Kidneys control excretion.
Kidneys control fluid.
Kidneys control functions.
Kidneys control liquids.
Kidneys control pressure.
Kidneys control urea.
Kidneys drain coeloms.
Kidneys excrete concentrate urine.
Kidneys excrete excess water.
Kidneys excrete metabolic wastes and maintain the homeostatic balance of body fluids.
Kidneys excrete nitrogenous waste and excess water.
Kidneys excrete urea.
Kidneys excrete urine.
Kidneys excrete waste.
Kidneys excrete water.
Kidneys fail much more quickly when they are exposed to high blood pressure.
Kidneys filter blood.
Kidneys filter bloodstreams.
Kidneys filter fluid.
Kidneys filter water.
Kidneys get urine.
Kidneys have (part) corpi.
Kidneys have (part) lobes.
Kidneys have (part) nephrons.
Kidneys have (part) sections.
Kidneys have distinct regions.
Kidneys have effects.
Kidneys have functions.
Kidneys have major roles.
Kidneys have outer regions.
Kidneys have outer surfaces.
Kidneys have regions.
Kidneys have roles.
Kidneys have surfaces.
Kidneys have tubes.
Kidneys have tubules.
Kidneys have urine.
Kidneys increase acid excretion.
Kidneys increase excretion.
Kidneys increase net acid excretion.
Kidneys lie retroperitoneally on either side of verterbralcolumn against posterior abdominal wall.
Kidneys maintain homeostasis.
Kidneys make clean blood by eliminating wastes.
Kidneys perform crucial functions which affect all parts of the body.
Kidneys perform duties.
Kidneys perform functions.
Kidneys play critical roles.
Kidneys play important roles.
Kidneys play roles.
Kidneys play significant roles.
Kidneys play vital roles.
Kidneys produce concentrate urine.
Kidneys produce fluid.
Kidneys produce hormones.
Kidneys produce more concentrate urine.
Kidneys produce urine.
Kidneys regulate body fluid levels as a primary duty, and remove wastes as a secondary one.
Kidneys regulate building of bones, blood pressure and production of red blood cells.
Kidneys regulate excretion.
Kidneys regulate water.
Kidneys remove body fluid.
Kidneys remove certain chemicals.
Kidneys remove chemicals.
Kidneys remove excess body fluid.
Kidneys remove excess fluid.
Kidneys remove excess water.
Kidneys remove excessive water.
Kidneys remove fluid.
Kidneys remove harmful substances.
Kidneys remove materials.
Kidneys remove substances.
Kidneys remove urea.
Kidneys remove waste materials.
Kidneys remove waste.
Kidneys remove water.
Kidneys secrete erythropoietin.
Kidneys secrete hormone erythropoietin.
Kidneys secrete hormones.
Kidneys secrete lesser or none in acute diseases, especially children.
Kidneys secrete substances.
Kidneys serve functions.
Kidneys to eliminate toxins.
All kidneys are a good source of protein, iron, phosphorus, vitamin A, thiamin and riboflavin.
Every kidney has about a million nephrons.
Most kidneys are connected by ducts.
Most kidneys carry urine.
Most kidneys collect urine.
Most kidneys contain few glomeruluses.
Most kidneys contain glomeruluses.
Most kidneys contain water.
Most kidneys control basic functions.
Most kidneys control basic life functions.
Most kidneys control blood pressure.
Most kidneys drain coeloms.
Most kidneys excrete concentrate urine.
Most kidneys excrete excess water.
Most kidneys excrete urea.
Most kidneys excrete urine.
Most kidneys excrete waste.
Most kidneys excrete water.
Most kidneys get urine.
Most kidneys have distinct regions.
Most kidneys have effects.
Most kidneys have functions.
Most kidneys have major roles.
Most kidneys have outer regions.
Most kidneys have outer surfaces.
Most kidneys have regions.
Most kidneys have roles.
Most kidneys have surfaces.
Most kidneys have tubes.
Most kidneys have tubules.
Most kidneys have urine.
Most kidneys increase acid excretion.
Most kidneys increase excretion.
Most kidneys increase net acid excretion.
Most kidneys maintain homeostasis.
Most kidneys perform duties.
Most kidneys play critical roles.
Most kidneys play important roles.
Most kidneys play roles.
Most kidneys play significant roles.
Most kidneys play vital roles.
Most kidneys produce concentrate urine.
Most kidneys produce fluid.
Most kidneys produce hormones.
Most kidneys produce more concentrate urine.
Most kidneys produce urine.
Most kidneys regulate excretion.
Most kidneys regulate water.
Most kidneys remove body fluid.
Most kidneys remove certain chemicals.
Most kidneys remove chemicals.
Most kidneys remove excess body fluid.
Most kidneys remove excess fluid.
Most kidneys remove excess water.
Most kidneys remove excessive water.
Most kidneys remove fluid.
Most kidneys remove harmful substances.
Most kidneys remove materials.
Most kidneys remove substances.
Most kidneys remove urea.
Most kidneys remove waste materials.
Most kidneys remove waste.
Most kidneys remove water.
Some kidney cysts cause damage.
Some kidney cysts cause kidney damage.
Some kidney cysts cause serious damage.
Some kidney cysts cause serious kidney damage.
Some kidney diseases cause infertility.
Some kidneys are behind stomachs.
Some kidneys are sleepy and wake very slowly.
Some kidneys contain proteins.
Some kidneys excrete excess phosphate.
Some kidneys excrete phosphate.
Some kidneys have ability.
Some kidneys have adrenal glands.
Some kidneys have glands.
Some kidneys have remarkable ability.
Some kidneys lose ability.
Some kidneys remove excess salt.
Some kidneys remove products.
Some kidneys remove salt.
Some kidneys start working right on the operating table.
Kidon media link .
Kids Books make a difference.
Kids camp provides eight hours of supervision and lunch.
Kids CORNer Has information about the development of a cornstarch-based biodegradable plastic.
Kids corner is great.
Kids corner Throw em to the animals.
Kids Gloves are off.
Kids meals are available on family packages.
All kids meals come with fresh fruit, vegetable, and a side of potatoes.
Kids menu has breakfast and dinner items.
Kids menu includes all their favorites.
Kids menu includes enchilada, burrito, taco, burger, corn dog, mac n cheese.
Kids menu is also available plus carryout is available for the entire menu.
Kids menu is available.
Kids menu is on the specials page.
Kids menu offers nine items, from pancakes to burgers.
Kids menus are also available.
Kids menus are available in the dining rooms.
Kids menus are available.
All kids shows are free.
KidScience construction continues.
Kids'PACE equipment utilizes omnikinetic resistance, the safest form of resistance for children.
Kieffer pears require two to three weeks to ripen.
Kilcolman church is the oldest.
A kildeer is a plover
Kildeers breed in Canada and spend the winter as far as Peru.
Kiley isa boomerang.
Kileys have (part) sections.
Kill commands do nothing useful in read-only buffers.
Kill fees are one-third of the original rate.
Kill files are more difficult in email.
Kill files exist in most news readers that are available on the net.
Kill times are short, and there is a continuing, rather than momentary, kill opportunity.
Kill bugs dead without having to sweep up their corpses.
Kill can involve capital punishment.
Kill can involve criminal prosecutions.
Kill can involve damnation.
Kill can involve death.
Kill can involve dies.
Kill can involve guilt.
Kill can involve laughs.
Kill can involve murder.
Kill can involve pain.
Kill can involve punchings.
Kill can involve runs.
Kill can involve shoots.
Kill causes dies.
Kill cover crops in the spring.
Kill die for false illusions.
Kill ends with runs.
Kill germs on bathroom fixtures.
Kill germs on utensils with a disinfectant or put in dishwasher.
Kill germs with chemicals or high heat.
Kill is bands.
Kill is bodies.
Kill is crime.
Kill is destruction.
Kill is motivated by the goal of attackeds.
Kill is motivated by the goal of dies.
Kill is motivated by the goal of evil.
Kill is motivated by the goal of fools.
Kill is motivated by the goal of lunch.
Kill is motivated by the goal of means.
Kill is motivated by the goal of money.
Kill is motivated by the goal of revenge.
Kill is motivated by the goal of soldiers.
Kill is singles.
Kill kill kill while getting better weapons and moving a lot.
Kill starts with panic.
Kill starts with regret.
Kill suckers with herbicide.
Kills are spiked balls for points or side-outs.
Kills odor causing bacteria and mildew.
Kills violinist for playing waltz too slowly during battle.
All kills are opportunistic.
All kills made by the bots are pure luck.
Some kills result from tampering with water levels or flow.
Killam funding enables recipients to devote two years to full-time research and writing.
A killdeer is a plover
Killdeers are related to plovers.
Killdeers feed mainly on insects, earthworms and small crustaceans.
Some killdeers raise two broods per breeding season.
A killer whale is a dolphin
Killer whales breathe air.
Killer whales conserve heat.
Killer whales consume kgs.
Killer whales depend on sound.
Killer whales depend on underwater sound.
Killer whales drink sea water.
Killer whales drink water.
Killer whales eat fish.
Killer whales feed on fish.
Killer whales grow to feet.
Killer whales have babies.
Killer whales have diets.
Killer whales have distribution.
Killer whales have jaws.
Killer whales have powerful jaws.
Killer whales have senses.
Killer whales have vision.
Killer whales have years.
Killer whales hunt fish.
Killer whales hunt small fish.
Killer whales inhabit oceans.
Killer whales live in antarctic regions.
Killer whales live in communities.
Killer whales live in regions.
Killer whales live in temperature.
Killer whales live in water temperature.
Killer whales prey on bottlenose dolphins.
Killer whales prey on dolphins.
Killer whales prey on fish.
Killer whales produce sound.
Killer whales receive sound.
Killer whales rely on sound.
Killer whales rely on underwater sound.
Killer whales retain color.
Killer whales retain yellowish color.
Killer whales stalk prey.
Killer whales stay under water.
Killer whales survive months.
Killer whales travel up to kilometres.
Killer whales use flukes.
Killer whales use tail flukes.
Most killer whales conserve heat.
Most killer whales depend on sound.
Most killer whales depend on underwater sound.
Most killer whales drink sea water.
Most killer whales drink water.
Most killer whales eat fish.
Most killer whales feed on fish.
Most killer whales grow to feet.
Most killer whales have babies.
Most killer whales have diets.
Most killer whales have distribution.
Most killer whales have jaws.
Most killer whales have powerful jaws.
Most killer whales have senses.
Most killer whales have vision.
Most killer whales have years.
Most killer whales inhabit oceans.
Most killer whales live in antarctic regions.
Most killer whales live in communities.
Most killer whales live in regions.
Most killer whales live in temperature.
Most killer whales live in water temperature.
Most killer whales produce sound.
Most killer whales receive sound.
Most killer whales rely on sound.
Most killer whales rely on underwater sound.
Most killer whales retain color.
Most killer whales retain yellowish color.
Most killer whales stay under water.
Most killer whales survive months.
Most killer whales travel up to kilometres.
Most killer whales use flukes.
Most killer whales use tail flukes.
Some killer whales belong to families.
Some killer whales consume other mammals.
Some killer whales consume other sea mammals.
Some killer whales consume sea mammals.
Some killer whales eat blue whales.
Some killer whales eat mammals.
Some killer whales eat marine mammals.
Some killer whales eat otters.
Some killer whales eat sea otters.
Some killer whales eat seals.
Some killer whales eat sharks.
Some killer whales eat whales.
Some killer whales enter mouths.
Some killer whales enter river mouths.
Some killer whales feed on birds.
Some killer whales feed on narwhals.
Some killer whales feed on sea birds.
Some killer whales have long periods.
Some killer whales have natural predators.
Some killer whales have periods.
Some killer whales have predators.
Some killer whales have scars.
Some killer whales have teeth.
Some killer whales hold breaths.
Some killer whales interact with trainers.
Some killer whales kill trainers.
Some killer whales occur in habitats.
Some killer whales pose danger.
Some killer whales specialize in sliding out onto sand bars or ice floes to pursue prey.
Some killer whales suffer from fungal infection.
Some killer whales suffer from infection.
Some killer whales weigh pounds.
A killer is a person
Killer isa individual.
Killer isa person.
Killer isa somebody.
Killer isa someone.
Killers are bands.
Killers are capable of kill.
Killers are difficulty.
Killers are known to attack virus-infected cells and cells that have become cancerous.
Killers are located in death rows.
Killers are of every race, and every station in life.
Killers are part of communities.
Killers are people.
Killers are two women.
Killers describe crime.
Killers eat prey.
Killers face prisons.
Killers hate publicity.
Killers have (part) arms.
Killers have (part) body substances.
Killers have (part) cell membranes.
Killers have (part) cells.
Killers have (part) corpi.
Killers have (part) cytoplasm.
Killers have (part) heads.
Killers have (part) human bodies.
Killers have (part) legs.
Killers have (part) material bodies.
Killers have (part) necks.
Killers have (part) nuclei.
Killers have (part) personality.
Killers have (part) plasma membranes.
Killers have (part) sections.
Killers have (part) vacuoles.
Killers have more fun.
Killers have reasons, pain, goals, genius and rights.
Killers kill other killers and get sniped.
Killers like to take trophies and souvenirs from their victims.
Killers make news.
Killers prey on rodents.
Killers study security.
Killers take life.
Killers talk and they tell somebody.
Killers tend to keep bad company.
Killers think their victims' blood is a medal representing their act of heroism or honor.
Killers frequently are paranoid.
Many killers blame their families for their behavior, seeking sympathy.
Many killers seem to go into a trance during their predatory and killing phases.
Most killers are inarticulate about the motives and contexts of their crimes.
Most killers are repeat offenders.
Most killers describe crime.
Most killers eat prey.
Most killers face prisons.
Most killers make news.
Most killers prey on rodents.
Most killers take life.
Some killer whales prey on adults.
Some killer whales prey on calves.
Some killer whales prey on mammals.
Some killer whales prey on walrus calves.
Some killers are more daring because they know cops have to feed the D.A. air-tight cases.
Some killers are paranoid.
Some killers can only get sexual satisfaction through the pain of their victim.
Some killers discover details.
Some killers drink blood.
Some killers guard territory.
Some killers kill crocodiles.
Some killers kill dandelions.
Some killers kill plants.
Some killers kill vegetable plants.
Some killers kill weeds.
Some killers return to scenes.
Some killers simply dump the bodies of their victims on a road somewhere.
Killifish eggs can stay viable for many years in the dried out mud.
Killifish eggs can survive for many years in dried out mud.
Killing becomes too easy after a time.
Killing brings about enormous karma.
Killing can be right or wrong depending on the moral factors involved.
Killing can involve cuttings.
Killing can involve death.
Killing can involve dies.
Killing can involve dying.
Killing can involve hurting.
Killing can involve laughings.
Killing can involve remorse.
Killing can involve screams.
Killing can involve shooting.
Killing can involve shoots.
Killing can involve smoke.
Killing causes arresteds.
Killing causes arrests.
Killing causes criminal trials.
Killing causes death.
Killing causes dies.
Killing causes freedom.
Killing causes funerals.
Killing causes grief.
Killing causes guilt.
Killing causes investigations.
Killing causes pleasure.
Killing causes punishment.
Killing causes remorse.
Killing causes retribution.
Killing causes sadness.
Killing causes sorrow.
Killing causes suicide.
Killing comes easy.
Killing is bad.
Killing is crime.
Killing is endings.
Killing is evil.
Killing is fatalities.
Killing is human death
Killing is located in war.
Killing is net incomes.
Killing is stupid over a piece of land.
Killing is terminations.
Killing is used for animals.
Killing is used for contracts.
Killing is used for crime.
Killing is used for criminals.
Killing is used for death sentences.
Killing is used for duties.
Killing is used for eating.
Killing is used for fun.
Killing is used for hardened criminals.
Killing is used for harm.
Killing is used for justice.
Killing is used for military combat.
Killing is used for murderers.
Killing is used for murderings.
Killing is used for psychopaths.
Killing is used for revenge.
Killing is used for self defense.
Killing is used for war.
Killing is wrongs.
Killing means death.
Killing starts with a thought, it starts with speech.
Killings are accidental and incidental.
Killings are common daily on television.
Killings take place three to four times a week.
Killings take place.
All killing is wrong.
All killings are bad.
All killings are morally wrong.
Any killing is wrong and immoral, but is an integral part of war.
Any killings happen in remote areas where bears have had little or no contact with people.
Every killing is a suicide.
More killing never brings peace.
Most killing is due to indirect effects.
Some killings are, of course, considered legal and justified as self-defense.
A kiln is a furnace
Kiln comes complete with two handles for easy lifting.
KILN computes the costs and benefits from a proposed dry-kiln installation.
Kiln drying kills larvae within infested lumber but reinfestation is possible.
Kiln isa furnace.
Kiln stays under negative pressure to provide complete fume removal.
Kilns allow a more efficient use of materials and more control over the atmosphere during a firing.
Kilns are available.
Kilns are furnaces.
Kilns come on either two or three skids.
Kilns come with one fiber shelf.
Kilns have (part) bases.
Kilns have (part) grates.
Kilns have (part) sections.
Kilns use gases.
All kilns require energy to operate.
Most kilns have temperature differences from top to bottom.
Most kilns now are of the tunnel type.
Most kilns use gases.
Most kilns used in glass studios are electric fired.
Most kilns vary in temperature from top to bottom.
Some kilns can burn whole waste tires which reduces or eliminates the costs of pre-processing.
Some kilns have beehive shapes.
Some kilns have shapes.
Some kilns require different bar cones to reach temperature.
Kilo isa unit.
Kilos have (part) decagrams.
A kilobyte is an unit
Kilobytes also includes low-res thumbnail for emails.
Kilobytes are best for email.
A kilocalorie is an energy unit
Kilocalorie isa unit.
Kilocalories equal calories.
Kilocalories have (part) calories.
Kilocalories measure the amount of heat, in numerical terms, generated by foods.
Kilogram isa unit.
Kilograms equal newtons.
Kilograms have (part) decagrams.
Some kilograms are divided by meters.
Kiloliter isa unit.
Kiloliters are four orders to the left of deciliters.
Kiloliters have (part) hls.
A kilometer is a linear measure
A kilometer is a metric
Kilometer isa unit.
Kilometers are defined as metrics.
Kilometers are metric units, while miles are customary units.
Kilometers are unlimited.
Kilometers are used for distance or length.
Kilometers lie three orders to the left of meters.
Kilometers show the planets' diameters.
Every kilometer there is a stone with the distance to the Chinese border written on it.
A kilometre is a linear measure
A kilometre is a metric
Kilometre isa unit.
Every kilometre is managed by a local snowmobilers' club.
Every kilometre is marked with a time clock situated at the finish.
A kilowatt is a power unit
Kilowatt isa emu.
Kilowatts are part of megawatts.
Kilowatts have (part) watts.
Every kilowatt is needed.
Most kilowatts are part of megawatts.
A kilt is a skirt
Kilt isa garment.
Kilts are far more flexible and striking.
Kilts are in a transition year for many reasons.
Kilts are optional.
Kilts are skirts that men wear in Scotland.
Kilts are skirts.
Kilts are traditional clothing.
Kilts are worn, haggis is available, and bagpipes and drums play.
Kilts are, however, very popular among men attending formal functions in the city.
Kilts fly in Scottish musical.
Kilts have (part) bands.
Kilts have (part) button holes.
Kilts have (part) collars.
Kilts have (part) cuffs.
Kilts have (part) hems.
Kilts have (part) lap covering.
Kilts have (part) pocket flaps.
Kilts have (part) pockets.
Kilts have (part) sections.
Kilts have (part) skirts.
Kilts have (part) sleeve.
Kilts have (part) stripes.
Kilts have (part) zippers.
All kilts are tailor made for each customer.
Kilted soldiers wear no drawers.
Kimberlite magma rises through Earth's crust in networks of cracks or dikes.
Kimberlite pipes occur in northwestern part of the island.
All kimberlite pipes are overlain by small lakes.
A kimberlite is a peridotite
Kimberlites are everywhere.
Kimberlites are famous for containing diamonds.
Kimberlites are peridotites.
Most kimberlites occur as multiple intrusive events.
A kimono is a robe
Kimono come in many kinds.
Kimono face slowly lampshade.
Kimono tend to be slightly more formal and can be used in much the same way.
Kimonos are generally bright and colorful.
Kimonos are gowns.
Kimonos are robes.
Kimonos are traditional clothing.
Kimonos are traditional Japanese dresses or robes.
Kimonos have sleeves that are long for unmarried girls and short for married women.
KIN develops and posts websites only for local non-profit agencies.
Kin has (part) arms.
Kin has (part) body substances.
Kin has (part) cell membranes.
Kin has (part) cells.
Kin has (part) corpi.
Kin has (part) cytoplasm.
Kin has (part) heads.
Kin has (part) human bodies.
Kin has (part) legs.
Kin has (part) material bodies.
Kin has (part) necks.
Kin has (part) nuclei.
Kin has (part) personality.
Kin has (part) plasma membranes.
Kin has (part) sections.
Kin has (part) vacuoles.
KIN has no stated run.
Kin is a social group
Kin is relatives.
Kin is social groups.
Kin isa relative.
KIN only posts websites for local non-profit agencies.
Some kin has power.
Some kin makes arrangements.
Some kin receive foster care payments while others are supported with lesser payments.
Some kin receives benefits.
Some kin receives reciprocal benefits.
Kinaesthesia is an internal affair.
Kinaesthetic information passes from the thalamus to the parietal lobe.
Kinaesthetic learners learn best from touch and movement, from imitation and practice.
Kinaesthetic sensations are the sensations they feel when moving.
Kinase is an enzyme
Kinase is enzymes.
Kinase signalling pathways are crucial in the control of cell growth and behaviour.
Kinases add phosphate resides to target proteins.
Kinases are a common component of signal transduction pathways.
Kinases are proteins that exist inside cells and direct much of the cell's activities and functions.
Kinases have regulatory and catalytic subunits.
Some kinases modify the receptor on amino acids which have been identified.
Kincaid furniture is both beautiful and built to last for generations.
Kincsthetic cues come from the muscles that control the eyes.
Kind actions begin with kind thoughts.
Kind cherubs guard the sleeping clay, Until the great decision day.
Kind companies say they have better ways of keeping their shampoo and makeup safe.
Any kind cuisine goes.
Kind deeds are easliy discerned from faire and pleasing words.
Kind deeds are the fruits.
Kind ears help some depressed patients.
Many kind folk offer a free lookup service in resources they happen to have available.
Every kind gesture is valued.
Kind hearts are more than coronets And simple faith, than Norman blood.
Kind hearts are more than coronets, And simple faith than Norman blood.
Kind hearts are more than coronets.
Kind hearts are the gardens.
Many kinds of fish are available to coastal dwellers.
Many kinds of fish have lamps along their sides, while others have several rows of lamps.
Many kinds of fish live all over the world.
Many kinds of fish live in salty oceans, fresh water lakes, and streams and rivers.
Many kinds of fish live in the salty water of the oceans.
Most kinds of fish are best in cold weather.
Most kinds of fish have bones.
Most kinds of mammals have a thick coat of hair that serves chiefly to provide warmth.
Kind people consider kindness to be more desirable than unkind people do.
Kind people like to come over.
Kind people make the world go round.
Some kind soul can summarize to the list for everyone else.
Kind suggestions can feel like hostile criticism.
Kind thoughts are the roots.
Kind thoughts come.
Kind words are always music to a heavy heart.
Kind words are always the right kind.
Kind words are like honey - sweet to the soul and healthy for the body.
Kind words are the blossoms.
Kind words are the music of the world.
Kind words are worth much and cost little.
Kind words bring comfort and relieve to the listening being.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are endless.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echos are truly endless.
Kind words can never die.
Kind words communicate respect and create an atmosphere for open communication.
Kind words help so much.
Kind words produce their own beautiful image in man's soul.
Many kind words can relieve even the most intense pain.
A kind is a category
Kind isa concept.
Kinds are categories.
Kinds are very susceptible to negative or positive influences.
Kinds belong to higher kinds.
Kinds have aspects.
Kinds have several variation.
Kinds have variation.
Kinds support environments.
Kinds vary among individuals.
All kinds are green, but when roasted turn a bright red.
All kinds are poisonous and generally avoided by livestock.
All kinds attract bees.
All kinds have same dimensions.
All kinds provide for a sense of accomplishment.
All kinds require an acid soil.
Any kind are fine, in particular ones with laborador reitriever with duck in mouth.
Any kind is fine.
Any kind is good.
Any kind is o.k.
Any kind is perfectly acceptable.
Every kind is here.
Many kinds are available and they re easy to find.
Many kinds are climbers that dwell in trees.
Many kinds are great as cut flowers.
Many kinds are poisonous, and some are brightly colored to advertise their toxic nature.
Many kinds can grow either with or without air.
Many kinds dig burrows to live in.
Many kinds live as parasites in or on the bodies of other more harmful types.
Many kinds still remain to be discovered and described.
Many kinds swim with a serpentine movement like miniature eels.
Most kinds are green or brown, but some have colorful markings.
Most kinds are hardy and easy to cultivate.
Most kinds are new hardy varieties and cultivars of commercial nut species.
Most kinds are nocturnal, but some are diurnal.
Most kinds are subtle, concealed and difficult to detect.
Most kinds bear fruit in clusters.
Most kinds encountered by anglers are.
Most kinds feed on organic matter in the soil.
Most kinds have aspects.
Most kinds have several variation.
Most kinds have variation.
Most kinds make outstanding container plants.
Most kinds make their home in the tropics, where they can find food all year.
Most kinds make their home in the tropics, where they can find food the year around.
Most kinds vary among individuals.
Some kind is required.
Some kinds are also very useful for breastfeeding on the go.
Some kinds are arboreal and are found in trees.
Some kinds are great for growing in the rock garden or for growing in pots in the alpine greenhouse.
Some kinds are made of beef while others mix beef and pork.
Some kinds are mild, but others cause serious illness.
Some kinds are more deadly than others.
Some kinds are noted for spending long periods in hibernation.
Some kinds are so bold and hardy that they require but little care.
Some kinds complete the life cycle in less than a year, while others require up to four years.
Some kinds contribute to death.
Some kinds create opportunity.
Some kinds eat insects that they find.
Some kinds even depend on other living things, such as a certain animal to pollinate their flowers.
Some kinds even look similar to the old artillery wheels, and in fact they are very light strong.
Some kinds exist in atmospheres.
Some kinds exist in primitive atmospheres.
Some kinds give off a protective milky fluid with an odor like apple seeds.
Some kinds have a different flash made by the males than by the females.
Some kinds have a sac on either side of the head.
Some kinds have characters.
Some kinds have chemical identities.
Some kinds have good characters.
Some kinds have hard shells.
Some kinds have health.
Some kinds have identities.
Some kinds have interchangeable pattern wheels and are self inking.
Some kinds have limitations.
Some kinds have shells.
Some kinds have sufficient leaf cover to make tying unnecessary.
Some kinds have unique identities.
Some kinds help scientists.
Some kinds help students.
Some kinds lay eggs and some give birth to living young.
Some kinds live along temperate coasts and even in freshwater lakes.
Some kinds live in great rivers of Asia and South America, but the best known are found in the sea.
Some kinds live in water.
Some kinds make acid rain that kills our plants and fish.
Some kinds observing are completely impractical without automation.
Some kinds prefer vegetation near streams, ponds and marshes.
Some kinds present in articles.
Some kinds produce a fall crop on the terminals of current season canes.
Some kinds promote growth.
Some kinds relate to presence.
Some kinds require less time to complete and some more.
Some kinds work better than others.
Kindergarden students have a half day program in the morning or afternoon.
Kindergarten attendance is mandatory.
Kindergarten enrollment is determined by lottery.
Kindergarten enrollment is listed by school with district totals.
Kindergarten readiness is a top priority at Peck because of the gaps or differences in preparation.
Kindergarten readiness is all about skills and preparation.
Kindergarten readiness is stressed.
Kindergarten teacher is one.
Kindergarten teachers are professionals of early childhood and pre-school education.
Kindergarten teachers can also be nervous on the first day of school.
Kindergarten teachers conduct family meetings each month.
Kindergarten teachers help the students and families cut out the material.
Kindergarten teachers introduce children to numbers, language, science, and social studies.
Kindergarten teachers play a vital role in the development of children.
Kindergarten teachers prepare children to learn to read by introducing letters and sounds.
Kindergarten teachers receive the reading training during the winter.
Kindergarten teachers speak more explicitly about sex than their grandfather's family doctors did.
Kindergarten teachers supplement the video with classroom instruction.
Kindergarten teachers use various activities to help children make a smooth transition.
A kindergarten is preschool
Kindergarten begins three days after the rest of the student body begins.
Kindergarten can be a trying time for kids.
Kindergarten classrooms statewide, substitute.
Kindergarten continues to enrich each child's love of learning.
Kindergarten enjoys new playground while landscaping continues.
Kindergarten focuses on conserving trees and other resources.
Kindergarten focuses on the child and the home.
Kindergarten grows up.
Kindergarten incorporates reading, mathematics, computer, science and social studies.
Kindergarten initiates the processes of scientific exploration by first identifying the senses.
Kindergarten is alive with the sounds of children beginning their journey as life-long learners.
Kindergarten is available at all Klein schools.
Kindergarten is in charge of cookies.
Kindergarten is in session half-days.
Kindergarten marks an important transition from preschool to the primary grades.
Kindergarten meets an average of twice a week for thirty minutes.
Kindergarten meets on Wednesdays.
Kindergarten meets once per week.
Kindergarten needs to be instituted.
Kindergarten offer children the ability to set the game pace.
Kindergarten provides hope for children.
Kindergarten recognizes each child's natural curiosity and excitement for learning.
Kindergarten reports No p.m.
Kindergarten rotates afternoon snack among the families of the class.
Kindergarten teaches the academics that are suitable to each child's own levels.
Kindergarten uses calendar math activities as well as a manipulative program.
Kindergarten visits the lab once each week.
Kindergarten writing paper with one inch writing lines is best for beginners.
Kindergartens are preschool.
Kindergartens encourage several types of play.
Kindergartens exist today in many variations.
Kindergartens have nothing to feed children, and the patients in the hospital are starving.
All kindergartens are full-day.
Every kindergarten has exactly the same number of students.
Some kindergartens operate a staggered-day program.
A kindergartener is a child
Kindergarteners come to the library twice a week.
Kindergarteners enjoy a wide range of activites as well as a structured curriculum.
Kindergarteners learn about the bassoon.
Kindergarteners learn to identify feelings.
Kindergarteners raise crickets to feed the frogs.
Kindergarteners take a wide variety of short trips to increase their experiential knowledge.
All kindergarteners attend class in the morning five days a week.
A kindergartner is a child
Kindergartners also love singing songs.
Kindergartners appear to differ in their readiness to use a concrete strategy.
Kindergartners are able to see that groups can be composed of subgroups.
Kindergartners are already internet savvy or at least have some computer knowledge.
Kindergartners are always ready to hear more.
Kindergartners are busy with singing games, puppets,and hats.
Kindergartners are especially susceptible to the dire pronouncements issued by the system.
Kindergartners are naturally very excited about science.
Kindergartners are so excited about school and learning.
Kindergartners are subject to additional health form requirements.
Kindergartners are truly easy.
Kindergartners attend school the entire school year.
Kindergartners begin by building and creating with objects, taking on roles and using props.
Kindergartners build a list of words they can read.
Kindergartners can identify animals by picture or sound.
Kindergartners can use the simplest prop and turn it into a hilarious skit.
Kindergartners continue to start in their classroom.
Kindergartners discover generalizations about the world of nature through hands-on experiences.
Kindergartners enter the school through the front door at the kindergarten entrance.
Kindergartners entertain their parents at the holiday party.
Kindergartners explore music and rhythm and practice reading and writing.
Kindergartners freely show their emotions.
Kindergartners get it right away.
Kindergartners have many rich experiences in art and creative expression.
Kindergartners have opportunities to describe how they are alike as well as different from others.
Kindergartners have so much on their minds, they often forget by the time they get to school.
Kindergartners have story time once a week.
Kindergartners have the ability to think critically.
Kindergartners have to learn colors.
Kindergartners learn about calendars.
Kindergartners learn about growing plants and making movies.
Kindergartners learn about the seven continents, and first-graders study Egypt.
Kindergartners learn beginning phonics.
Kindergartners learn how to write a sentence.
Kindergartners learn new skills best when they see their usefulness to everyday life.
Kindergartners learn new words and ideas.
Kindergartners learn simple geography and economics.
Kindergartners learn that a book or story has a beginning, middle and end.
Kindergartners learn that the computer is a machine that helps people work and play.
Kindergartners learn that they are special and unique.
Kindergartners learn the days of the week and that each month has a name.
Kindergartners learn the parts of a book.
Kindergartners learn to handle living things and science equipment carefully.
Kindergartners learn to hear and write consonant sounds and vowel sounds.
Kindergartners learn to identify sounds at the beginning of words.
Kindergartners learn to split up groups of objects.
Kindergartners make bar graphs, with the class and individually.
Kindergartners make block models of their classroom.
Kindergartners notice patterns and make estimations and predictions.
Kindergartners practice writing letters.
Kindergartners question, explore, and use all of their senses.
Kindergartners quietly investigate early spring's winter white trails .
Kindergartners raise crickets to feed the frogs.
Kindergartners receive physical education instruction from their classroom teacher.
Kindergartners remain in their class throughout the entire year.
Kindergartners see red.
Kindergartners spend a significant part of their day in learning centers.
Kindergartners use objects to make comparisons and to estimate quantities.
Kindergartners write the sounds that they hear.
Kindergartners usually believe that getting sick is something that just happens.
All kindergartners are to bring a drink from home as part of their morning snack.
A kindling is a burning
Kindling eliminates the mGluR agonist-induced hyperpolarization in basolateral amygdala neurons.
Kindly words are best for the mooth.
Kindness can be as simple as saying the right thing at the right time.
Kindness costs money.
Kindness is actions.
Kindness is an action
Kindness is good.
Kindness is reciprocals.
Kindness is universals.
Kindness is virtue.
Kindness isa morality.
Kindness requires having sympathetic feelings and being perceptive about people and their needs.
Kindness springs from injury and injury springs from kindness.
Kindness transcends gender.
Kindnesses are essential to forward motion.
Kindnesses are like bubbles, they just keep coming.
All kindness is but justice.
Every kindness is shown to the traveler.
Many kindnesses are small and quiet.
More kindness is shown than meanness though.
Kindred spirit is television shows.
Kindred spirits abound more at the close of the month.
Kindred spirits abound.
Kindred spirits are a joy to experience.
Kindu airport is accessible but road, rail and river links have effectively been cut.
Kinematic analysis computes the motion constraints imposed by bone contacts.
Kinematic analysis is the process of measuring the kinematic quantities used to describe motion.
Kinematic analysis reduces lead time and increases design confidence.
Much kinematic analysis is based on digitizing film or video images of movement patterns.
Kinematic constraints are constraints on the movement of components of a mechanical system.
Kinematic criteria indicate downward displacement of the greenstones relative to the granitoids.
Kinematic experiments are the simplest.
Kinematic indicators show a combination of right-lateral and thrust motion.
Kinematic indicators suggest top to the northeast shear.
Kinematic models representing both commercial transports and private aircraft are available.
Many kinematic models predict no footwall deformation.
Kinematic viscosity is a measure of the resistive flow of a fluid under the influence of gravity.
Kinematic viscosity is the ratio of the absolute viscosity to the density.
Kinematics defines position, velocity, and acceleration.
Kinematics describes the geometry and movements of a manipulator without forces and torques.
Kinematics examines how objects move in one, two, and three-dimensions.
A kinescope is a tube
Kinescopes are scarce and desirable.
A kinesiology is physiology
Kinesiologies are physiology.
Kinesiology addresses physiological, mechanical, and psychological mechanisms.
Kinesiology can detect and correct chakra imbalances with crystals, colours, etc.
Kinesiology is a non-invasive energetic healing science.
Kinesiology is a science, an art, a skill.
Kinesiology is a truly holistic approach to natural health care.
Kinesiology is even more simple.
Kinesiology is one such therapy.
Kinesiology is simple.
Kinesiology is the fastest growing, and most comprehensive holistic therapy in the world today.
Kinesiology is the fastest growing, and most comprehensive wholistic therapy in the world today.
Kinesiology is the science of exercise.
Kinesiology is the science of human motion.
Kinesiology is the science of human movement and mechanics.
Kinesiology is the science of the movement of muscle and electromagnetic energy.
Kinesiology is the study of human movement and performance.
Kinesiology is the study of human movement.
Kinesiology is the study of movement or, more generally, the study of physical activity.
Kinesiology is the study of muscle and bone groups that act together to create movement.
Kinesiology is the study of muscles and motion related to the wellness of the body.
Kinesiology is the study of the human body during movement.
Kinesiology is the study of the principals of anatomical mechanics in relation to human movement.
Kinesiology is the study of the principles of mechanics and anatomy in relation to human movement.
Kinesiology is very important, especially to anyone in the field of athletics.
Kinesiology leads to increased physical and mental, emotional and spiritual well-being.
Kinesiology provides a vibrational assessment of bodily tissue.
Kinesiology provides an excellent way to check the following area.
Kinesiology refers to the study of movement.
Kinesiology uses muscle testing to communicate directly with the body.
Kinesiology uses muscle-testing to locate and unblock imbalances and blockages in the life energy.
Kinesiology works for the greater majority of people.
Kinesiology workshops .
Kinesthesis is the movement sense.
Kinesthetic learners are most successful when totally engaged with the learning activity.
Kinesthetic learners prefer hands-on trial and error over manuals or instruction.
Most kinesthetic learners are tactile, too.
Kinesthetic people like to be busy.
Kinesthetic sense is particularly useful for tasks that involve the use of controls.
Kinetic art combines the integration of real movement and electric light into the art object.
Kinetic databases are much rarer.
Kinetic energy becomes energy.
Kinetic energy becomes heat energy.
Kinetic energy becomes potential energy.
Kinetic energy can come from other sources of energy.
Kinetic energy can exist as translational, vibrational, and rotational.
Kinetic energy causes acceleration and acceleration causes momentum.
Kinetic energy comes from heat.
Kinetic energy comes from the movement of the water and is derived from it's potential energy.
Kinetic energy Compute the translational kinetic energy of a body.
Kinetic energy consists of three types of energies.
Kinetic energy corresponds to mass.
Kinetic energy defines the corresponding right-invariant metric on that group.
Kinetic energy depends on mass.
Kinetic energy depends on the velocity of the object squared.
Kinetic energy exists whenever an object which has mass is in motion with some velocity.
Kinetic energy expresses the fact that a moving object can do work on anything it hits.
Kinetic energy gains energy.
Kinetic energy gains gravitational energy.
Kinetic energy gains gravitational potential energy.
Kinetic energy gains potential energy.
Kinetic energy has vibration.
Kinetic energy helps propel an arrow into or through an object.
Kinetic energy implies motion of something possessed of inertia.
Kinetic energy increases chances.
Kinetic energy is a form of energy that represents the energy of motion .
Kinetic energy is a kind of mechanical energy.
Kinetic energy is a scalar.
Kinetic energy is action energy, or energy possessed by virtue of motion.
Kinetic energy is also related to the concept of temperature .
Kinetic energy is associated with motion, but in two different ways.
Kinetic energy is contained in all moving objects, including that of waves and currents.
Kinetic energy is converted into chemical potential energy as the reaction proceeds.
Kinetic energy is converted into radiating out into space along the length of the tether.
Kinetic energy is converted to force.
Kinetic energy is converted to heat energy.
Kinetic energy is dependent upon the mass of the object and the velocity the object is moving with.
Kinetic energy is directly related to the speed or velocity that the aircraft is traveling.
Kinetic energy is due to the actual movement of atoms or molecules.
Kinetic energy is energy a body possesses because it is in motion.
Kinetic energy is energy associated with a body s motion.
Kinetic energy is energy associated with motion.
Kinetic energy is energy due to motion and is equal to mass times velocity squared.
Kinetic energy is energy due to motion.
Kinetic energy is energy in action.
Kinetic energy is energy in motion.
Kinetic energy is energy of motion , and potential energy is energy of position .
Kinetic energy is energy of motion .
Kinetic energy is energy of motion and potential energy is stored energy.
Kinetic energy is energy of motion, while potential energy is energy of position.
Kinetic energy is energy of motion.
Kinetic energy is energy of movement and also includes heat energy and light energy.
Kinetic energy is energy or an object already in motion.
Kinetic energy is energy related to movement.
Kinetic energy is energy that is stored.
Kinetic energy is energy.
Kinetic energy is equal to one half the mass times the square of the velocity.
Kinetic energy is kinetic energy, period.
Kinetic energy is known as the energy in motion.
Kinetic energy is mass times half the velocity squared.
Kinetic energy is mechanical energy
Kinetic energy is mechanical energy.
Kinetic energy is needed to store potential energy.
Kinetic energy is one of the major factors in determining the possible risk in case of collision.
Kinetic energy is only available when something is moving.
Kinetic energy is only one form of mechanical energy.
Kinetic energy is present at body in motion.
Kinetic energy is present whenever an object is in motion.
Kinetic energy is related to temperature.
Kinetic energy is relative to some frame of reference.
Kinetic energy is that energy intrinsic in an object which has motion.
Kinetic energy is the amount of energy in the form of motion.
Kinetic energy is the energy an object has because it is moving.
Kinetic energy is the energy an object possesses when it's moving.
Kinetic energy is the energy associated with motion.
Kinetic energy is the energy due to motion.
Kinetic energy is the energy due to the movement or speed of an object.
Kinetic energy is the energy in motion.
Kinetic energy is the energy in moving objects or mass. Wind energy is an example.
Kinetic energy is the energy in the movement.
Kinetic energy is the energy of a moving object in momentum.
Kinetic energy is the energy of an object in motion.
Kinetic energy is the energy of bodies in motion.
Kinetic energy is the energy of mass in motion.
Kinetic energy is the energy of motion and increases with the square of the speed of the waves.
Kinetic energy is the energy of motion, and potential energy is stored, like in a gallon of gas.
Kinetic energy is the energy of motion, stored within a moving object.
Kinetic energy is the energy of motion, that is, the energy that all moving objects possess.
Kinetic energy is the energy of motion.
Kinetic energy is the energy of movement such as particles speeding up when they are heated.
Kinetic energy is the energy of movement, half x mass x velocity-squared.
Kinetic energy is the energy of movement.
Kinetic energy is the energy of moving objects.
Kinetic energy is the energy possessed by a mass in motion.
Kinetic energy is the energy that an object has when it is in motion.
Kinetic energy is the energy that an object or mass has due to being in motion.
Kinetic energy is the force caused by the motion of an object.
Kinetic energy is the form of energy an object has as it is moving.
Kinetic energy is the motion.
Kinetic energy is the movement energy of an object.
Kinetic energy is the quantity an object has when it is moving.
Kinetic energy is the stored energy inside the object.
Kinetic energy is transferred and therefore heat is transferred.
Kinetic energy is transferred to gravitational potential energy.
Kinetic energy is transformed into potential energy.
Kinetic energy is within something that is moving.
Kinetic energy Let the block fall.
Kinetic energy means a mass moves.
Kinetic energy plays a major role in penetration.
Kinetic energy provides heat.
Kinetic energy turns into energy.
Kinetic energy turns into gravitational energy.
Kinetic energy turns into gravitational potential energy.
Kinetic energy turns into potential energy.
Kinetic energy turns windmills.
Kinetic energy varies as the square of the speed of a moving body.
Most kinetic energy becomes energy.
Most kinetic energy becomes heat energy.
Most kinetic energy becomes potential energy.
Most kinetic energy depends on mass.
Most kinetic energy has vibration.
Most kinetic energy increases chances.
Most kinetic energy provides heat.
Most kinetic energy turns into energy.
Most kinetic energy turns into gravitational energy.
Most kinetic energy turns into gravitational potential energy.
Most kinetic energy turns into potential energy.
Most kinetic energy turns windmills.
Some kinetic energy causes bonds.
Some kinetic energy causes hydrogen bonds.
Some kinetic energy comes from conversions.
Some kinetic energy gets energy.
Some kinetic energy gets thermal energy.
Some kinetic energy goes into compressing the magnetic field .
Some kinetic energy is used by fans.
Kinetic equations are slow motion equations from the microscopic dynamics point of view.
Some kinetic forces act on blocks.
Kinetic friction converts energy.
Kinetic friction converts kinetic energy.
Some kinetic friction acts on trucks.
Some kinetic friction refers to forces.
Kinetic information is derived by following the reactions as a function of time.
Kinetic molecular theories come from observations.
Kinetic sculpture illustrates form in motion.
Kinetic sculptures are people-powered vehicles and works of art.
Kinetic theories come from observations.
Most kinetic theories come from observations.
Some kinetic theories explain energy.
Some kinetic theories make assumptions.
Kinetic weapons are more efficient than explosives.
A kinetochore is a structure
Kinetochores are protein molecules.
Kinetochores are the microtubule landing pads on chromosomes.
Kinetochores connect the centromeres of the chromatids to the spindle fibers.
Kinetochores connect the homologous pairs of chromosomes to the spindle fibers.
Kinetochores generate motive force through interactions with microtubules.
Kinetochores get a grip.
Kinetochores pass the IQ test.
Kinfolk is ancestry
Kinfolks are always so interested in each other's children, especially the new ones.
King beds are available in the oceanfront rooms.
King cheetahs are rarer than regular cheetahs.
Some king cheetahs have stripes.
King City is a retirement community that surrounds a small golf course.
King City is located at the southern end of the Salinas Valley.
King City is located in Monterey County, North America's premier vegetable production area.
A king cobra is a cobra
King cobras are among the most deadly snakes on Earth.
King cobras are considered tertiary consumers and are often the apex predator of a food web.
King cobras are famous for shows performed by snake charmers.
King cobras are located throughout southeast Asia.
King cobras are the longest venomous snakes in the world.
King cobras are the only snakes that are known to construct nests for their eggs.
King cobras are visually intruiging.
King cobras belong to genus.
King cobras can survive for about several months after when they have eaten larger prey.
King cobras chase prey.
King cobras hatch from their eggs during the monsoons of the late summer or early fall.
King cobras have eyesights.
King cobras have fangs.
King cobras have flexible jaws.
King cobras have good eyesights.
King cobras have heads.
King cobras have jaws.
King cobras have tongues.
King cobras kill prey.
King cobras live in burrows and snake mounds.
King cobras make a deep, loud hissing sound.
King cobras prefer locations.
King cobras swallow prey.
King cobras swallow struggle prey.
King cobras to detect prey.
Any king cobra set in fat, thorough skill burn some alone mountain beside the person.
Most king cobras belong to genus.
Most king cobras have eyesights.
Most king cobras have fangs.
Most king cobras have flexible jaws.
Most king cobras have good eyesights.
Most king cobras have heads.
Most king cobras have jaws.
Most king cobras have tongues.
Most king cobras kill prey.
Most king cobras prefer locations.
Some king cobras are harvested for skin.
Some king cobras eat snakes.
Some king cobras excrete materials.
Some king cobras excrete waste materials.
Some king cobras have large ranges.
Some king cobras have ranges.
Some king cobras have reputations.
Some king cobras kill elephants.
Some king cobras produce sound.
Some king cobras take down rat snakes.
Some king cobras take down snakes.
King County applies biosolids to wheat, hops, and other crops in eastern Washington.
King County assumes responsibility for operating the plant.
King County can also fine individuals and businesses for illegal dumping of any appliances.
King County conducts routine monitoring of phosphorus in Lake Sawyer.
King County encourages mi nority business enterprise partic ipation.
King County encourages minority business enterprise par ticipation.
King County exercises no regulatory authority with regard to indoor air quality.
King County governs all taxi pricing.
King County has a new weapon against potholes.
King County has a page of Bicycle Maps of King County .
King County has a rich history of restoring and preserving fish habitat.
King County has a similar site but with interactive mapping.
King County has a two-year agreement to partly fund the operation as it gets established.
King County has fifteen school districts.
King County has many wonderful pets waiting for the right home.
King County has the third highest child immunization rate among urban areas in the United States.
King County has the tools in place to protect farmlands.
King County has two new resources to help reduce unwanted mail.
King County includes one of the largest deepwater seaports on the west coast.
King County inspects to determine maintenance needs.
King County is a definite driver in keeping tax rates well above the total national average.
King County is a good neighbor.
King County is a great place to work.
King County is a recognized regional leader in conducting floodplain mapping studies.
King County is also the fifth-largest warehouse and distribution center in the United States.
King County is also vulnerable to energy shortages.
King County is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer.
King County is an equal opportunity employer.
King County is committed to buying products made from recycled materials.
King County is committed to including our young people in the preservation of our environment.
King County is committed to protecting water quality and human health.
King County is committed to saving the salmon.
King County is considered a pioneer in the field and a comprehensive model.
King County is half way through a bridge retrofit program.
King County is in Seattle.
King County is in the process of transferring files from paper form to electronic form.
King County is one of the most consistent IT employers in the region.
King County is ready to help .
King County is the largest local government to weigh in on the issue.
King County is the lead entity in two area watershed groups sponsoring project requests.
King County is the local sponsor.
King County is the regional provider for wastewater treatment and disposal.
King County is way ahead of the digital curve when it comes to public access.
King County lakes come in many different sizes, shapes, depths, and of course, water quality.
King County plans to begin a car-share project beginning next spring.
King County prohibits discharge to the sewer of materials such as ashes, sand, grass, and gravel.
King County prohibits smoking in the workplace.
King County provides basic regional services.
King County provides prevention and treatment for people in the local criminal justice system.
King County provides sub-regional services in many suburban cities, such as animal control.
King County provides subregional services in many suburban cities, such as animal control.
King County provides text transcripts of the videos provided.
King County ranks number two in the number of meth labs in Washington counties.
King County reserves the right to take exclusive control of the defense of any such claims.
King County sends capacity charge bills to customers about six months after connection to sewers.
King County supports organized labor.
King County tends to have a higher proportion of males reported as cases than the national ratio.
King County uses an all hazards planning approach for emergency management.
King County wetlands and other sensitive areas.
King crab spends two to three months in larval stages.
King crabs compete for resources.
King crabs have appendages.
King crabs have legs.
King crabs have life.
King crabs have shelf life.
King crabs have shells.
King crabs live in regions.
King crabs mate in shallow water.
King crabs mate in water.
King crabs survive in presence.
Most king crabs compete for resources.
Most king crabs have appendages.
Most king crabs have legs.
Most king crabs have life.
Most king crabs have shelf life.
Most king crabs have shells.
Most king crabs live in regions.
Most king crabs mate in shallow water.
Most king crabs mate in water.
Most king crabs survive in presence.
Some king crabs eat diatoms.
Some king crabs have abdominal flaps.
Some king crabs have carapaces.
Some king crabs have flaps.
Some king crabs have modes.
Some king crabs prefer habitats.
King eiders breed in northeastern Alaska and across the Canadian arctic.
A king mackerel is a Spanish mackerel
King mackerel are a great fight, but they are good for a couple of runs.
King mackerel are a highly sought after gamefish.
King mackerel are abundant, cudas, amberjacks, permit, and some cobia are all eating well.
King mackerel are delicious when prepared fresh.
King mackerel is the seasons offshore catch.
King mackerel prefer to consume fish but also have been known to eat shrimp and squid.
King mackerels are fish.
King mackerels are spanish mackerels.
King of funk bestows a jewel upon unworthy subjects.
King of shaves has free samples of shaving oil and gel.
A king penguin is a penguin
King penguins are an exception on that rule.
King penguins are birds.
King penguins are penguins.
King penguins are special in the bird world by having a thick layer of blubber.
King penguins are very, very neat.
King penguins are white, orange and black.
King penguins eat fish.
King penguins feed upon crustaceans, small fish, squid and plankton.
King penguins have a large oil gland near their tail.
King penguins have a patch of bright golden-orange feathers on their neck.
King penguins have a unique breeding cycle.
King penguins have behavior.
King penguins have predators.
King penguins have yellow collars.
King penguins show little fear of people.
King penguins spend all year on the island.
Most king penguins eat fish.
Most king penguins have behavior.
Most king penguins have predators.
Some king penguins have orange ear patches.
King rails are North America's largest true rails.
King rails are present year-round, and breed on the refuge.
King rails have specific water depth needs for breeding and feeding.
King rails leave Missouri during the fall, heading south to warmer wintering areas.
King size beds in each bedroom.
King size beds in some rooms.
King size beds upon request.
King size beds with canopy drapings for that restful nights sleep.
King size beds with feather duvet covers.
King size beds.
King size has larger load capacity.
King size is better than queen size.
A king snake is a colubrid
King snakes are generally very docile and are very common as pets.
King snakes belong to families.
King snakes feed on other snakes, mice, young birds and bird eggs.
King snakes feed on other snakes, mice, young birds, and bird eggs.
Most king snakes belong to families.
Some king snakes feed on snakes.
Some king snakes kill cobras.
Some king snakes kill king cobras.
A king vulture is a vulture
King vulture Includes photo and distribution in Suriname.
King vultures are birds.
King vultures are diurnal carnivorous scavengers.
King vultures are found from Mexico south to Argentina.
King vultures are long-lived, have low fecundity, and have comparatively simple husbandry needs.
King vultures are sensitive when nesting and have a tendency to kill hatchlings.
King vultures eat carrion, or dead or decaying animal matter.
A king is a sovereign
King adheres firmly to the formula.
King advises parents to keep open the channel of communication, be good listeners and show concern.
King asks simple, honest, open-ended questions of everybody.
King averages five points and four rebounds.
King beginning get angry.
King begins next major desegregation campaign.
King believe such practices played a big role in trapping poor blacks in urban areas.
King borders the north edge of west main campus.
King calls for clergymen from across the nation to join a second march.
King calls up a late-news service of the newspaper.
King decrees death of infants.
King demands, suddenly very interested.
King didn t have to wait long.
King does campfire tales, childish rip-offs from Poe.
King envisions an office layout more conducive to quality customer service.
King estimates there are hundreds of living widows of officers killed in the line of duty.
King excels in building meaning lives in all senses of the phrase.
King faces up to five years imprisonment.
King finishes up by asking.
King forms first cabinet.
King happen among several mohawk carpets.
King isa monarch.
King isa sovereign.
King knows first-hand how damaging it can be when a rookie misses training camp.
King knows from experience the value of memorizing scriptures.
King later encourages draft evasion and suggests a merger between antiwar and civil rights groups.
King launches a drive to make Chicago an open city in regard to housing.
King leads protests against segregated department store facilities, and fair hiring.
King leads protests in Birmingham for desegregated department store facilities, and fair hiring.
King leaps high to bat down another pass.
King learns that prayer has a personal significance unique to each person's own experience.
King lenny the lumberjack.
King lists a few other union accomplishments.
King lives in Maine.
King looks at how interactivity is redefining the relationship between news producers and consumers.
King manufactures specialty chemicals for the lubricant additive and paints and coatings industries.
King moons the camera.
King moves along the surface of the subject well, even entertainingly, which is an accomplishment.
King moves one step to all directions as in chess and shogi.
King notes early Christian opposition to infanticide and gladiatorial contests.
King notes that it's an ideal time to assume the president's position.
King notes the city wears two hats in regards to the proposed mining operation.
King now appeals.
King opens inaugural season of symposium series.
King penguin with chick.
King penguins and fish from all over the world.
King penguins congregate on frozen ground sometimes.
King penguins like the freezing cold and the wind.
King penguins live in the sub antarctic.
King penguins nest and breed on subantarctic and antarctic islands.
King pick about several plaskolite hardware.
King pick about several plaster ceiling tiles.
King picks up third gift from third daughter.
King plugs the cable into the wall.
King preaches to an empty landscape, except for a trio of birds soaring across the distant sky.
King proposes to reform government.
King references all sorts of things from rock to popular products.
King returns just two starters from last year's team.
King rides the gravy train as the balance of the revenue rolls in from cybersales.
King settles on tennis, ultimately becoming one of the world's top players.
King shares a few moments from the choir's special weekend.
King shoots e-books ahead.
King specializes in glass sculpting.
King starts out slowly, calmly.
King steals the ball and kicks a beauty on the run.
King suites with microwave and refrigerator are also available.
King suites with microwave and refrigerator.
King talks about how to be a great writer.
King teaches courses in linguistic anthropology and the anthropology of religion.
King wears long-sleeve shirts.
King works there, and has set aside part of the room for a play area.
Kings also form co-pairs with queens.
Kings are about to come to position.
Kings are angry with enemies.
Kings are capable of vomit.
Kings are central and peripheral.
Kings are checkers.
Kings are chess pieces.
Kings are chessmans.
Kings are defined as heads of state.
Kings are exceptional at leadership and like to rule whatever group they are involved with.
Kings are face cards.
Kings are high, Aces are low.
Kings are highly adaptable to most situations and thrive on companionship.
Kings are immobile, so there is no castling.
Kings are in the moral order what monsters are in the physical.
Kings are individuals, yet stand symbolically for their land, and the very embodiment of the people.
Kings are kings because they are powerful.
Kings are located in bibles.
Kings are located in cards.
Kings are located in castles.
Kings are located in chess sets.
Kings are located in courts.
Kings are located in monarchies.
Kings are monarchs.
Kings are normal pieces, and can be moved into check and taken as any other piece.
Kings are oviparous, laying fifteen or so eggs.
Kings are part of checkers.
Kings are part of draughts.
Kings are people with power.
Kings are people.
Kings are pieces.
Kings are royals.
Kings are royalty.
Kings are Russian and French infantry generals.
Kings are sovereigns.
Kings are stations.
Kings are the high card, aces are low.
Kings are the largest salmon caught in Alaska.
Kings are tough and dirty fighters.
Kings are used for rulings.
Kings are warriors' large-picture counterparts.
Kings are well down the predator chain on reefs teeming with 'cudas, sharks and giant amberjacks.
Kings are wild if and only if the hand they are in is used to try for the low pot.
Kings boasts several other minor improvements over Empires that add up fast.
Kings bring only trouble.
Kings bring up images of fairy tales and big castles and lots of jewels.
Kings burn enemies' houses with fire.
Kings can also castle with an empress.
Kings can be evil, twisted, tyrannical despots, but they're still kings.
Kings can bite or tear through a net, complicating a quick release.
Kings can do no more.
Kings can do nothing for the salvation of mortals.
Kings can move diagonally, forward or backward.
Kings can move like queens.
Kings can move only to adjacent hexigons.
Kings can only take when moving over a deflection line.
Kings can play poker with kingdoms, as the generals of their armies do with troops. . . .
Kings can Queen.
Kings carry master keys to every lock in their kingdom.
Kings come and go.
Kings control the ruling class by bloodline.
Kings count for nothing now in questions of war.
Kings die of cancer.
Kings dissenting to peace get up rooted.
Kings do seem to have a fatal attraction for rogues.
Kings eat bread and honey and drink wine in the day.
Kings find themselves short of cash as their power to tax is being limited.
Kings get a great center with big question mark.
Kings get addicted to sin and cease to have anything to do with piety.
Kings get attention.
Kings get colonies.
Kings gorge themselves in the Gulf twelve months of the year.
Kings govern men and learned men govern kings.
Kings has no social sciences at all but has excellent business-related courses.
Kings has varsity girls tennis and varsity girls volleyball openings.
Kings have (part) arms.
Kings have (part) body substances.
Kings have (part) cell membranes.
Kings have (part) cells.
Kings have (part) corpi.
Kings have (part) cytoplasm.
Kings have (part) heads.
Kings have (part) human bodies.
Kings have (part) legs.
Kings have (part) material bodies.
Kings have (part) necks.
Kings have (part) nuclei.
Kings have (part) personality.
Kings have (part) plasma membranes.
Kings have (part) sections.
Kings have (part) vacuoles.
Kings have access to that information at all time and in all places.
Kings have additional grasshopper power.
Kings have armies.
Kings have better things to do with their time than to ride on cattle barges.
Kings have colonies.
Kings have habits.
Kings have kingdoms.
Kings have legs.
Kings have many ears.
Kings have no choice but to fulfill the duties of the office they inherit.
Kings have no respect for privacy.
Kings have orange ear patches that are closed.
Kings have power and authority.
Kings have subjects.
Kings hear tales.
Kings hold beliefs.
Kings hold same beliefs.
Kings is a favorite game .
Kings is available for private functions.
Kings is located in Northern Illinois about in the middle of the state.
Kings is now co-educational.
Kings like to dictate.
Kings live in palaces, presidents travel in motorcades.
Kings look in six directions.
Kings Make crowns and be kings for a day.
Kings make no seven-day feasts for all comers now.
Kings make treaties with neighbors.
Kings move and jump forward and backward.
Kings move forward or backward any number of squares on a diagonal line to an unoccupied square.
Kings move forward or backward, one square at a time and capture in the same way.
Kings never demote.
Kings never shake hands.
Kings obviously has students from quite poor areas.
Kings own castles.
Kings pass on.
Kings play cards on fairly good soft velvet.
Kings proceed s .
Kings provide provision.
Kings pull things together.
Kings raise armies and protect the national interest from enemies.
Kings receive laws from the people.
Kings remain a rarity in the bay, though more are starting to show.
Kings remain at sea two to seven years.
Kings rule, and governments give benefits.
Kings seek presence.
Kings seek to be absolute, and offices are given to intriguers.
Kings serves up hearty, wholesome food at great prices.
Kings sit on thrones.
Kings stand on squares of their own colour.
Kings start showing up and the Bottom Fishing is awesome.
Kings survive years.
Kings take charge of something.
Kings tend to get their way.
Kings to attend parliaments.
Kings wear special garments that represent their power and authority.
Kings often refer to themselves in the plural form to emphasize their authority.
Kings sometimes kill for no reason, but the game is still worthwhile.
Kings usually bite on the tide.
All kings is mostly rapscallions.
All kings mentioned in the Word represent the truth that rules our life.
All kings strove to better people's welfare and strengthen the military.
Any king being attacked by an enemy piece is said to be in check.
Every king has a crown.
Most king queens runs polite or local, otherwise club see our.
Most kings get attention.
Most kings get colonies.
Most kings have colonies.
Most kings have habits.
Most kings have legs.
Most Kings have strong piercing eyes.
Most kings hear tales.
Most kings hold beliefs.
Most kings hold same beliefs.
Most Kings return to spawn in the fourth or fifth year.
Most kings seek presence.
Most kings sit on thrones.
Some king cobras encounter natural predators.
Some king penguins attain ages.
Some king penguins feed on squids.
Some king penguins have patches.
Some king queens find places.
Some kings are more reliable than others.
Some kings celebrate birthdays.
Some kings come from sources.
Some kings describe approaches.
Some kings eat snakes.
Some kings extend perceptions.
Some kings give offers.
Some kings go to temples.
Some kings greet messengers.
Some kings have conditions.
Some kings have long time.
Some kings have medical conditions.
Some kings have power.
Some kings have text.
Some kings have time.
Some kings hold adventures.
Some kings invite masters.
Some kings know children.
Some kings leave colonies.
Some kings leave sons.
Some kings make peace.
Some kings marry sisters.
Some kings observe mortality.
Some kings only let some gods be worshipped.
Some kings perish on account of their greediness towards the countries of others.
Some kings produce pheromone.
Some kings recover from illnesses.
Some kings regain health.
Some kings see priests.
Some kings send men.
Some kings sit in studios.
A kingbird is a bird
Kingbirds are birds.
Kingbirds are bold.
Kingbirds are well known for their aggressive nature.
Kingbirds feed on beetles, wasps, bees, winged ants, grasshoppers, honeybees and many other insects.
Kingbirds always hunt insects from the overhanging branches.
Kingdom builders are servant leaders.
Kingdom builders have a big vision.
Kingdom builders have a passion for the great commission.
Kingdom builders have the right place, but they sure have the wrong time.
Kingdom builders look for opportunities to spread the good news of Jesus.
Kingdom builders see a candidate for baptism.
Kingdom builders see the church as a baptizing community of the baptized.
All kingdom builders are bloody killers.
Kingdom fungi is made of non vascular plants.
All Kingdom games are.
Kingdom people seek the hurting, the weak, the poor, and the downtrodden.
A kingdom is an area
Kingdom argues that government is much like the garbage can organization.
Kingdom come in everyday speech.
Kingdom dissolves, leaving Tibet in a state of political upheaval.
Kingdom grows until it fills the earth.
Kingdom has a u in the word, colour .
Kingdom has. .
Kingdom has. virtual casino .
Kingdom has. virtual casino.
Kingdom includes documentation for most system components, too.
Kingdom is always open for. slot machine free play .
Kingdom is always open for.
Kingdom is always open.
Kingdom is always.
Kingdom is an interactive website for kids with asthma.
Kingdom is committed to bringing.
Kingdom is committed to. on-line gaming .
Kingdom is committed to.
Kingdom is committed.
Kingdom is Eubacteria.
Kingdom is now within the believer.
Kingdom is rated the best international book for teaser and.
Kingdom is rated the best international book for teaser.
Kingdom is rated the best international.
Kingdom is rated the. current preakness odds .
Kingdom is rated.
Kingdom is the broadest division.
Kingdom is the finest gaming interface available today.
Kingdom is the finest gaming interface available.
Kingdom is the finest gaming interface.
Kingdom is the finest gaming.
Kingdom is the finest.
Kingdom is the highest rank used in the biological taxonomy of all organisms.
Kingdom is the largest and most inclusive unit of classification.
Kingdom is the. free game software video poker .
Kingdom is the.
Kingdom is too ordinary to cite.
Kingdom is within believers.
Kingdom is. on line black jack .
Kingdom isa taxon.
Kingdom makes war against kingdom.
Kingdom notes that it is very hard to pin down exactly where a policy proposal begins.
Kingdom offers the most realistic graphics in the Internet.
Kingdom offers the most realistic graphics in.
Kingdom offers the most realistic graphics on the Internet.
Kingdom offers the most realistic graphics on the. video poker vegas stye .
Kingdom offers the most realistic graphics on the.
Kingdom offers the most realistic graphics on.
Kingdom offers the most realistic graphics.
Kingdom offers the most realistic. video poker gambling .
Kingdom offers the most realistic.
Kingdom offers the most. free gambling online .
Kingdom offers the most. free game downloads .
Kingdom offers the most. gamble .
Kingdom offers the most. slot .
Kingdom offers the most.
Kingdom offers the. .
Kingdom offers the. free gambling online .
Kingdom offers the. free game downloads .
Kingdom offers the. free video poker downloads .
Kingdom offers the. video poker vegas stye .
Kingdom offers the.
Kingdom offers. .
Kingdom partnerships for synergy in missions.
Kingdom pays out more than required by Nevada regulations.
Kingdom pays out more than required by Nevada.
Kingdom pays out more than required by.
Kingdom pays out more than required.
Kingdom pays out more than.
Kingdom pays out more.
Kingdom pays out.
Kingdom suggest a King.
Kingdom takes positive economic strides.
Kingdoms are countries.
Kingdoms are divided into smaller groups called phyla.
Kingdoms are domains.
Kingdoms are groups.
Kingdoms are hard to come by.
Kingdoms are huge groups, encompassing millions of kinds of organisms each.
Kingdoms are located in books.
Kingdoms are located in monarchies.
Kingdoms are monarchies.
Kingdoms are sacred, even when one replaces another.
Kingdoms are spheres.
Kingdoms are the main divisions into which scientists classify all living things on Earth.
Kingdoms are troubled.
Kingdoms are used for government.
Kingdoms are used for rules.
Kingdoms come, kingdoms collapse.
Kingdoms fall quickly.
Kingdoms has a graphical client and supports sending turns by email and ftp.
Kingdoms has many units to command, of course, having four sides.
Kingdoms have many people.
Kingdoms is played almost entirely with the mouse, and a few simple keyboard commands.
Kingdoms looks good, sounds good, and tells a good story, but, unfortunately, it lacks teeth.
Kingdoms looks pretty good.
Kingdoms offers four completely different sides that have radically different units and play styles.
Kingdoms really become a division of convenience.
Kingdoms rise and fall and nations come and go - even our own some day.
Kingdoms rise and fall.
Kingdoms rise and kingdoms fall.
Kingdoms rise and reign And fall To legends Soon forgotten.
Every kingdom has an army.
Every kingdom needs allies.
Every kingdom requires a king.
Most Kingdoms have an award for outstanding service in offering assistance and aid to newcomers.
Some kingdoms exist today.
Some kingdoms grant the right to own land.
Some kingdoms have a natural resistance to assassination.
Some kingdoms have members that obtain food by decomposing matter.
Kingfish tournament features cash prizes.
Kingfisher County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
A kingfisher is a bird
Kingfisher isa bird.
Kingfishers also love to sit on the wires, checking things out.
Kingfishers are also territorial.
Kingfishers are animals.
Kingfishers are birds that dive into water and capture fish with their beaks.
Kingfishers are birds.
Kingfishers are extremely territorial creatures.
Kingfishers are found all over the world .
Kingfishers are found all over the world.
Kingfishers are highly territorial birds.
Kingfishers are known to be beautiful and unique birds.
Kingfishers are present in our area year-round unless the winters are unusually harsh.
Kingfishers are small unmistakable bright blue and orange birds of slow moving or still water.
Kingfishers are vertebrates.
Kingfishers are very distinctively shaped birds.
Kingfishers are very good at catching prey.
Kingfishers are water specialists, they nest close to clean rivers, streams, lakes and ponds.
Kingfishers call a wide variety of habitats their homes.
Kingfishers come into existence.
Kingfishers congregate in coastal districts and lowlands during winter.
Kingfishers dig long nest burrows in stream banks, using their strong feet and bills.
Kingfishers dove for fish.
Kingfishers eat fish.
Kingfishers eat prey.
Kingfishers eat small fish and frogs.
Kingfishers feed babies.
Kingfishers feed in wetland.
Kingfishers feed on a wide variety of prey.
Kingfishers feed on fish.
Kingfishers have (part) air sacs.
Kingfishers have (part) bird's feet.
Kingfishers have (part) brains.
Kingfishers have (part) breasts.
Kingfishers have (part) cell membranes.
Kingfishers have (part) cells.
Kingfishers have (part) chest cavities.
Kingfishers have (part) chests.
Kingfishers have (part) corpi.
Kingfishers have (part) cytoplasm.
Kingfishers have (part) ears.
Kingfishers have (part) faces.
Kingfishers have (part) flight feathers.
Kingfishers have (part) heads.
Kingfishers have (part) lips.
Kingfishers have (part) mouths.
Kingfishers have (part) nuclei.
Kingfishers have (part) plasma membranes.
Kingfishers have (part) quill feathers.
Kingfishers have (part) rib cages.
Kingfishers have (part) second joints.
Kingfishers have (part) sections.
Kingfishers have (part) skulls.
Kingfishers have (part) sterna.
Kingfishers have (part) talons.
Kingfishers have (part) vacuoles.
Kingfishers have (part) wishbones.
Kingfishers have beaks.
Kingfishers have been know to wreck havoc on fish hatcheries and paid for it with their lives.
Kingfishers have bills.
Kingfishers have calls.
Kingfishers have feather heads.
Kingfishers have heads.
Kingfishers have long tails.
Kingfishers have predators.
Kingfishers have ranges.
Kingfishers have short, orange coloured legs.
Kingfishers have size.
Kingfishers have strong beaks.
Kingfishers have tails.
Kingfishers have very keen eyesight.
Kingfishers have vision.
Kingfishers have wide ranges.
Kingfishers help prepare their hollowed log together.
Kingfishers hunt fish.
Kingfishers make burrows in sandy riverbanks.
Kingfishers nest banks.
Kingfishers occupy a wide range of habitats.
Kingfishers predominantly feed on numerous items.
Kingfishers return to a perch with their prey, where they batter larger items before consumption.
Kingfishers seem to be spiritual kin to hummingbirds, all self-important chirping.
Kingfishers spot small fish from their perch on a branch or by hovering over the water.
Kingfishers typically perch in trees in an upright exposed posture.
Kingfishers utilize a variety of vocalizations.
Kingfishers usually nest in holes in partially rotten trees or in holes in clay banks.
All kingfishers are exceptionally vocal and make lots of sounds.
All kingfishers are exceptionally vocal.
Many kingfishers can eat prey that seem too large to fit in their mouths.
Many Kingfishers can eat prey that seems too large to fit in their mouths.
Most kingfishers come into existence.
Most Kingfishers eat fish .
Most kingfishers eat fish.
Most Kingfishers eat fish.
Most kingfishers eat prey.
Most kingfishers feed babies.
Most kingfishers feed in wetland.
Most kingfishers feed on fish.
Most kingfishers have beaks.
Most kingfishers have bills.
Most kingfishers have calls.
Most kingfishers have feather heads.
Most kingfishers have heads.
Most kingfishers have long tails.
Most kingfishers have predators.
Most kingfishers have ranges.
Most kingfishers have size.
Most kingfishers have strong beaks.
Most kingfishers have tails.
Most kingfishers have vision.
Most kingfishers have wide ranges.
Most kingfishers make their nests by burrowing into a sandy bank.
Some kingfishers consume amphibians.
Some kingfishers consume larval amphibians.
Some kingfishers eat insects.
Some Kingfishers eat lizards or other reptiles.
Some kingfishers enter territory.
Some kingfishers establish territory.
Some kingfishers feed in lagoons.
Some kingfishers fly over sea.
Some kingfishers form bonds.
Some kingfishers form pair bonds.
Some kingfishers have characteristics.
Some kingfishers have distribution.
Some kingfishers have particular songs.
Some kingfishers have similar characteristics.
Some kingfishers have slate.
Some kingfishers have songs.
Some kingfishers have widespread distribution.
Some kingfishers have wings.
Some kingfishers help suppliers.
Some kingfishers live in deserts and feed on mice, insects and small reptiles.
Some kingfishers sit on wire.
Kingian nonviolence teaches that violence is a temporary solution.
A kinglet is a warbler
Kinglets become a separate family.
Kinglets live in evergreen trees.
Kings Kings Click on a image to see a larger version.
A kingship is rank
Kingship becomes an institution through the institution of Hereditary monarchy .
Kingship imposes all sorts of indirect taxation, all of which are undesirable, they say.
Kingship is somewhat like a father's rule of a family.
Kingship is subject-ship.
Kingship knows no kinship.
Kingship means responsibility and work.
Kingship means the responsibility of protecting the nation.
Kingship seems antiquated in a democratic society where everyone is treated equal and free.
Kingships are rank.
A kingsnake is a colubrid
Kingsnakes are dietary generalists and feed on a wide variety of prey.
Kingsnakes are one of the most popular snakes owned.
Kingsnakes are ophiophagous.
Kingsnakes are primarily crepuscular and nocturnal ground snakes.
Kingsnakes eat any kind of snake, including rattle snakes and other kingsnakes.
Kingsnakes eat mice, lizards and other species of snakes.
Kingsnakes eat rodents, lizards and frogs.
Kingsnakes feed on rats, mice, lizards, and birds.
Kingsnakes feed on the ground, in mammal burrows, and under surface objects.
Kingsnakes kill their prey by constriction.
Kingsnakes like to eat.
Kingsnakes mature between two and three years of age.
Kingsnakes usually mature within two to three years.
A kinin is a growth regulator
Kinins also appear in the secretions.
Kinins can also affect nerve endings and create pain.
Kinins increase vascular permeability and contribute to circulatory failure, due to hypotension .
Kinins promote cell division and tissue growth in leaf, stem, and root.
A kink is difficulty
Kinks are bands.
Kinks are difficulty.
Kinks are folds.
Kinks are ideas.
Kinks are people.
Kinks are typically asymmetric and chevron folds are typically symmetric.
Kinks come from hitting stones, curbs or sharp edges in the road.
Any kink becomes a weak point and kinks restrict water flow.
Any kink becomes a weak point in the hose and kinks restrict water flow.
Some kinks remain to be worked out, such as exactly demonstrating blood flow.
Kinkajou isa mammal.
Kinkajous has-part feet.
Kinkajous have (part) brains.
Kinkajous have (part) breasts.
Kinkajous have (part) cell membranes.
Kinkajous have (part) cells.
Kinkajous have (part) chest cavities.
Kinkajous have (part) chests.
Kinkajous have (part) corpi.
Kinkajous have (part) cytoplasm.
Kinkajous have (part) ears.
Kinkajous have (part) faces.
Kinkajous have (part) heads.
Kinkajous have (part) nuclei.
Kinkajous have (part) pedal extremities.
Kinkajous have (part) piluses.
Kinkajous have (part) plasma membranes.
Kinkajous have (part) rib cages.
Kinkajous have (part) sections.
Kinkajous have (part) skulls.
Kinkajous have (part) sterna.
Kinkajous have (part) vacuoles.
Kinkajous have (part) vertebrate feet.
Kinkajous have bones.
Kinkajous have brown coats.
Kinkajous have claws.
Kinkajous have coats.
Kinkajous have diets.
Kinkajous have eyes.
Kinkajous have fur.
Kinkajous have sharp claws.
Kinkajous have sharp teeth.
Kinkajous have sweet teeth.
Kinkajous have teeth.
Kinkajous have tongues.
Kinkajous have woolly fur.
Kinkajous inhabit rainforests.
Kinkajous inhabit tropical rainforests.
All kinky adults are welcome.
Kinky video feeds.
Kinross officer plays good Samaritan to accident victim.
Kinship care can be either a formal situation or an informal agreement.
Kinship care is now both personal and familial.
Kinship care is provided by relatives for children who can t live with a parent.
A kinship group is a social group
Kinship groups are a great way of being built up in the church and meeting new people.
A kinship system is an organization
Kinship systems are another area ripe for study.
Kinship systems do more than exchange women, they are systems of relationships.
Kinship terms are the set of terms actually used by a group to name relationships.
Kinship terminologies are one way of reflecting indigenous opinion.
Kinship terminologies vary in different societies from as few as twelve to more than fifty terms.
Kinship terminology is of the Hawaiian type.
Kinship affects morphogenesis in cannibalistic salamanders.
Kinship also calculates pairwise relatedness statistics.
Kinship also provides a means for transmitting status and property from generation to generation.
Kinship can be a complex system of social groups .
Kinship can be a complex system of social groups.
Kinship determines people's social and cultural allegiances.
Kinship does talk about blood relationship.
Kinship is a relation
Kinship is a source of obligation in every human society.
Kinship is a time of worship, prayer ministry and discussion.
Kinship is bilateral, and inheritance follows consanguineal lines.
Kinship is free to all participants.
Kinship is of moderate importance.
Kinship is patrilineal, and women continue to remain members of their kin groups after marriage.
Kinship is relations.
Kinship is usually the basis for membership in fishing-boat crews.
Kinship refers to relationships that are recognized between individuals based on family ties.
Kinship requires patience and understanding.
Kinship thus has special importance.
A kiosk is a closet
Kiosks allow customers to research information rapidly with a very simple interface.
Kiosks are a powerful sales and communication tool.
Kiosks are ideal Internet tool.
Kiosks are intriguing and fast-moving, sustaining the user's interest.
Kiosks are located in malls.
Kiosks are one example.
Kiosks are one of the fastest growing advertising methods in today's world of multimedia technology.
Kiosks are public places where a CWIS can be consulted.
Kiosks are the first embodiment of our multi-platform digitization strategy.
Kiosks build sales.
Kiosks can also playback and display full screen video.
Kiosks can be a powerful part of that combination.
Kiosks can be both informative and entertaining.
Kiosks come in many shapes, sizes, and capabilities.
Kiosks consist of a computer and display screen positioned in a centrally located booth.
Kiosks hedge the street, no sidewalks, catching the drift of humanity churned up by the traffic.
Kiosks located in airports allow the user to only access the internet.
Kiosks offer all the services of a small branch, but with a big difference in costs.
Kiosks provide a service center, anywhere.
Kiosks provide a touch-activated screen, which guides a customer to a specific banking area.
Kiosks rent digital video disc players and movies to delayed passengers.
Kiosks sell almost anything and are literally everywhere.
Kiosks often require a different look and feel to match the application or company they represent.
All kiosks appear equally heavily used.
Every kiosk offers daily lunch and dinner specials.
Many kiosks also offer pornographic bubble gum trading cards and stickers to entertain the kiddies.
Many kiosks sell only the latter.
Many kiosks selling various goods operate on the square.
Some kiosks offer free access, funded by banner advertising.
A kip is an exercise
Kips are the skins of small animals such as calves.
Kipper isa herring.
Kiribati isa thing.
Kirk points are medium to large in size and can be corner-notched as well as stemmed.
A kirk is a church
KIRK looks tearful and tragic.
Kirk works extremely hard and shows great potential.
Kirlian photography can make some pretty pictures, but it has no place in the realm of chiropractic.
Kirlian photography generates a lot of interest.
Kirlian photography is a way of representing the energy of the body in visual form.
Kirlian photography is contact photography.
Kishoreganj project is used here to refer to both the regional and national projects.
KISS choruses are big and stupid, and delicious for just that reason.
KISS conventions are their own things.
KISS fans are a rare special breed.
KISS fans get into it, showing off their creative talent.
KISS fans take that to heart, and it goes to their heads.
KISS members have breakfast then assemble to discuss the days business.
KISS method noun a very simplistic method of explaining, teaching, etc.
KISS pages can help.
KISS principles apply to the check design.
KISS stations sound good, but there's overkill there.
A kiss is touch
Kisses  embrace.
Kisses  fucks.
Kisses  lust.
Kisses  sex.
Kisses  sexual arousal.
Kisses  smiles.
Kisses  tongues.
Kisses are best when unexpected.
Kisses are candy.
Kisses are cookies.
Kisses are good, even wet ones.
Kisses are magazines.
Kisses are motivated by the goal of companions.
Kisses are motivated by the goal of likes.
Kisses are motivated by the goal of paids.
Kisses are motivated by the goal of pleasure.
Kisses are motivated by the goal of tos.
Kisses are the language of love.
Kisses are touch.
Kisses can range from slow, sweet ones to urgent, fiery ones.
Kisses can vary in length from very short to very, very long.
Kisses cause a desire to help.
Kisses cost extra.
Kisses end with farts.
Kisses end with puckers.
Kisses end with smiles.
Kisses seal the deal and rose bouquets are tossed in an airborne celebration.
Kisses still smell pretty good.
Kisses takes place in Almost, Arizona, a charming small town which has real heart.
Kisses tie human hearts together.
Kisses always mean something even where lips meet in polite agreement.
Every kiss afterwards is still as magical as the first.
Every kiss is different, every message personal.
Some kisses say hello, and some kisses say good-bye.
Kisseds are films.
A kisser is a face
Kissers are lovers.
Kissers have to lie on their back and bend backward and downward, holding iron bars for support.
Kissers have to lie on their back and bend backward or downward, holding iron bars for support.
Kissing balls are an unusual alternative to the usual mistletoe sprig.
A kissing bug is an insect
Kissing bugs are members of a larger group known as assassin bugs.
Kissing bugs have six legs.
Kissing games are also a good way to try different ways of kissing.
Kissing  blushings.
Kissing  embrace.
Kissing  erections.
Kissing  good thoughts.
Kissing  hugs.
Kissing  kisseds.
Kissing  laughs.
Kissing  passions.
Kissing  sexual arousal.
Kissing  tonguings.
Kissing are fun.
Kissing are good.
Kissing are human activities.
Kissing are touching.
Kissing are used for adults.
Kissing are used for affection.
Kissing are used for bonding.
Kissing are used for friendships.
Kissing are used for fun.
Kissing are used for kinship.
Kissing are used for love.
Kissing are used for lovers.
Kissing are used for sensual pleasure.
Kissing are used for sexual pleasure.
Kissing are used for symbolisms.
Kissing cause arousal.
Kissing cause diseases.
Kissing cause erections.
Kissing cause excitement.
Kissing cause happiness.
Kissing cause likes.
Kissing cause love.
Kissing cause physical contact.
Kissing cause pleasure.
Kissing cause sex.
Kissing cause sexual stimulation.
Kissing cause shortness of breath.
Kissing cause shynesses.
Kissing cause strong feelings.
Kissing cause sweets.
Kit availability is limited.
Kit box includes track bar bracket.
Kit cars differ radically.
Kit components are disposable, reducing cleanup time.
Kit cost are also very affordable, averaging less than eight dollars.
Kit decals duplicate authentic warbird markings.
Kit fee includes a book, a linen handkerchief, and threads.
A kit fox is a fox
Kit fox are prey to coyotes, bobcats and eagles.
Kit foxes are active year-round and are primarily nocturnal.
Kit foxes are found in numerous protected areas throughout their range.
Kit foxes are residents of arid habitats.
Kit foxes favor arid climates, such as desert scrub , chaparral , and grasslands .
Kit foxes have ears.
Kit foxes have feet.
Kit foxes hunt for food.
Kit foxes live alone in their underground dens for half the year.
Kit foxes make several different vocalizations.
Kit foxes prefer prairie.
Kit foxes use dens built by other animals or structures such as large drainage pipes.
Kit foxes use dens throughout the year.
Kit foxes use it, too, as do other birds.
Kit foxes use their underground dens throughout the year, perhaps partly to avoid coyotes.
Kit foxs are foxs.
Kit foxs are mammals.
Most kit foxes have ears.
Most kit foxes have feet.
Most kit foxes prefer prairie.
Some kit foxes eat carnivores.
Some kit foxes prey on scorpions.
Some kit foxes provide food.
Kit function is required in the NC cells.
Kit instructions allow the client to self-assess.
Kit instructions contain a brief history of toothpaste and instructions on the proper way to brush.
Kit items are available for separate purchase.
Kit materials are of the highest quality obtainable.
Kit parts are available for warranty replacement.
Kit price includes yarn and pattern.
Many kit publishers seem to prefer issuing models of the most famous ships, airplanes or buildings.
Kit purchase offers excellent commission.
Kit quality is uniformly excellent.
Kit refills are available.
Kit specials are available, please call for details.
Kit specifications are subject to change without notice.
Kit specifications are subject to changes without notice.
Kit stand is provided to adjust to face the sunlight.
Kit suppliers are generally quite cooperative about supplying literature, advice, and even training.
Kit topics are available separately.
Kit warranties apply to the individual parts.
A kit is a case
Kit advises finding companies that invest a great deal in testing.
Kit also contains three self- adhesive magnets.
Kit also detects racist slurs everywhere.
Kit also includes blank jewel case inserts.
Kit also includes coordinating paper to write down special memories and to add photos.
Kit also includes disposable razor, iodine swab, band-aide and instructions.
Kit also includes everything a professional garage needs.
Kit also includes marekting information and presentation materials.
Kit also includes marigold seeds and a blank gardening journal for drawings.
Kit also includes plastic container, food, and instructions.
Kit also qualifies for rebates in some states.
Kit also reduces unsprung and rotating mass.
Kit are two common packages available for purchase.
Kit builds straightforward with very few kinks.
Kit comes complete with all hardware and installation instructions.
Kit comes complete with all materials and instructions.
Kit comes complete with all mounting hardware.
Kit comes complete with all necessary hardware and installation instructions.
Kit comes complete with all necessary hardware, shift rod and brake rod.
Kit comes complete with all needed hardware.
Kit comes complete with all three designs.
Kit comes complete with blinds, instructions, and all necessary installation hardware.
Kit comes complete with comprehensive installation instructions, and template.
Kit comes complete with control unit, plastic weatherproof speaker and a P.A. microphone.
Kit comes complete with diff housing plates and profiled chassis plates and all bolts.
Kit comes complete with instructions and all the materials necessary for making the hardware.
Kit comes complete with instructions.
Kit comes complete with Instructions.
Kit comes complete with quick disconnects and is pre-assembled.
Kit comes complete with stairs, interior furniture and lots of extras.
Kit comes complete with the cushion, cover, hand inflation pump and basic repair kit.
Kit comes complete with the transformer, powerhead for dosing and switch.
Kit comes complete, nothing else to buy.
Kit comes completewith everything needed, except tap water.
Kit comes fully assembled - just hook to a refillable propane cylinder and go.
Kit comes in a heavy cellophane gift bag.
Kit comes in a retail box and includes a new neck strap.
Kit comes in Black Only.
Kit comes in handy poly bags.
Kit comes in large multi-pocket duffle with carrying strap.
Kit comes in re-sealable poly bag with hang hole for easy storage.
Kit comes with a base and metal chain to detail the model.
Kit comes with a classic blue and classic red astronaut.
Kit comes with a draw string bag to hold all the items.
Kit comes with a laser cut acrylic base.
Kit comes with a nylon carrying case, in case of evacuation.
Kit comes with all needed mounting hardware.
Kit comes with all the parts necessary to start listening to the music in a matter of a few hours.
Kit comes with an external floppy disk drive case.
Kit comes with authentic decals and detailed instructions.
Kit comes with both building options.
Kit comes with both front and rear seat covers.
Kit comes with case assembled.
Kit comes with coloring book and colored pencils.
Kit comes with complete parts and instuctions.
Kit comes with detailed information booklet about the planned for mission.
Kit comes with different sized clip-on attachments to fit most PCS phones with a round antenna base.
Kit comes with enough clear vinyl for one window.
Kit comes with four abrasives in a variety of grits.
Kit comes with high quality, durable case and wall plug adaptor power source.
Kit comes with it's own rugged carying bag.
Kit comes with medium narrow tires type A which can be used in all seasons.
Kit comes with nickel plated inner barrel too.
Kit comes with one upper and one lower ball joint plus required fasteners.
Kit comes with pattern and all fabrics for top, back and binding.
Kit comes with pushrod, boot and brake line fittings.
Kit comes with stainless steel tee.
Kit comes with standard naval swivel type carriage and basic handling implements.
Kit comes with stickers that can be added to photos and story.
Kit comes with Velcro dots to keep a marker and eraser handy.
Kit comes with velvet, fringe, pattern sheets, needle, pins, and thread.
Kit comes with wicker basket and two wooden side mount rails.
Kit consists of a pair of knife edges, posts, level adjusters and all mounting hardware.
Kit consists of cast resin walls and roof.
Kit consists of cast resin walls, roof, platform and assorted detail parts.
Kit contain all fabric and accessories, except thread, for making the bra.
Kit contains a fine selection of walnut, beech and boxwood components.
Kit contains a slide show and five interactive stations for students.
Kit contains a teacher guide and student booklets.
Kit contains a teacher's manual, aids, poster, case studies and group activities.
Kit contains a two piece blow-molded hull, complete hardware and decal sheet.
Kit contains alcohols can be sent to UK destinations only.
Kit contains all components necessary to construct a complete system.
Kit contains all essentials for creating a lifelike silicone reproduction of an erect penis.
Kit contains all material necessary for testing.
Kit contains all necessary components.
Kit contains all retention clips, fiber sleeves, and assembly instructions to complete ten splices.
Kit contains all rules and entry forms.
Kit contains an archaeologist's tool kit.
Kit contains an article, a letter to the editor, facts and figures about population, and more.
Kit contains an audiotape, patient pamphlets, posters and other materials.
Kit contains an emergency care booklet, pet rescue sticker, and emergency care magnet.
Kit contains an equal amount of resin and hardener.
Kit contains basic first aid supplies in a waterproof case.
Kit contains canvas, pre-cut acrylic yarn, latch hook tool, chart and easy to follow instructions.
Kit contains card for prepaid delivery of perishable materials.
Kit contains certificate for larvae, a colorful habitat, incubation tub and an instruction guide.
Kit contains chart and instruction, needle, fabric and stranded cotton threads.
Kit contains chart and instructions, needle, fabric and stranded cotton threads.
Kit contains chart and instructions, needle, linen fabric and stranded cotton threads.
Kit contains chuck and two bits.
Kit contains die-cut balsa, basswood and mahogany parts.
Kit contains directions, bags, and protective strip.
Kit contains dry pelletized chlorine and easy consumer instructions for safely dosing their well.
Kit contains easy to follow instructions, a printed canvas, needle and acrylic wools.
Kit contains epoxy resin and converter.
Kit contains everything needed for conducting tests.
Kit contains everything needed for owner installation.
Kit contains everything needed to patch a leak in any rigid hull.
Kit contains experiment board, fused battery holder, flashing bulb, buzzer, motor, lamps and more.
Kit contains fabric, yarn, or cotton floss and instructions for all stitches.
Kit contains feather touch tongs, stylus and burnishers.
Kit contains four half-hour tours one for each season of the year.
Kit contains frame parts, seating material and instructions.
Kit contains high quality, sanded, beveled, precision cut wood - unpainted and ready to assemble.
Kit contains highly detailed cast resin hull, either water line or full hull.
Kit contains instruction book, 'yarrow' sticks, coins, notepad, pencil and hexagram chart.
Kit contains instructions, printed canvs and wools.
Kit contains material for rear, side, and front markings.
Kit contains materials and instructions to install a single-lever hand brake system.
Kit contains meter, strips, lancet device, lancets, solution, log book and carrying case.
Kit contains mixing cups and stir sticks.
Kit contains models, fossils, books and activities for the whole class.
Kit contains mounting wood, a spacer, screws, wall anchor and instructions.
Kit contains no trim.
Kit contains one downpipe and therefore two kits are required for collection both sides.
Kit contains one globe, three map projections, and a teacher's guide.
Kit contains one set to convert a gold pair and one set for a silver pair.
Kit contains one shelf and four mounting clips.
Kit contains only a very small amount of documentation, which was difficult to follow.
Kit contains papier-mache, paint set, volcano forms, and complete instruction booklet.
Kit contains poisonous materials.
Kit contains pre-cut parts and complete instructions.
Kit contains printed rug canvas, pre-cut yarn, latch hook tool and easy to follow instructions.
Kit contains projects suggested to teach basic as well as advanced clothing construction skills.
Kit contains resin and hardener.
Kit contains stool frame parts, fibre rush and instructions.
Kit contains stool frame parts, flat fibre and instructions.
Kit contains surface mount ic, so suitable for experienced technicians only.
Kit contains the same materials used by dental professionals for relining dentures.
Kit contains training pamphlets and facilitator's guide.
Kit contains trim and clear acrylic panels.
Kit contains two each of the following components.
Kit contains two hobbit shells for inverted nipples, one nipple shield and instructions.
Kit contains two racks and four clips.
Kit contains two shells, two backs, four foam inserts and instructions.
Kit contains two trays and hardware.
Kit contains two unfinished lures with hooks and appropriate hardware.
Kit covers, showing finished baskets.
Kit designs animation sequences and interactive learning games.
Kit enters the tunnel by crawling through large, momentarily turned off fan blades.
Kit features a resin scenic base with wounded figure and battle debris.
Kit features body warming devices and accident report.
Kit features modular front that makes kitbashing easier than ever.
Kit features top, four casters, and fifth wheel.
Kit goes on to kill six or seven more people.
Kit helps create discussion groups on community problems.
Kit helps subcontractors fight inappropriate transfer of risk.
Kit helps track soil quality, wildlife, water, quality of life and finances.
Kit here expresses a popular and largely correct view.
Kit includes a ballast enclosure box as well as a raintight coupling for the UV sterilizer.
Kit includes a guide and quick find card for the video.
Kit includes a short instructional video and a carrying bag.
Kit includes activity book, stickers, poster, bumper sticker, and bookmark.
Kit includes ad construction worksheets, phrases that work, budget formula sample ads, and more.
Kit includes adjusters, spring, and top.
Kit includes all balloon materials and a science and historical guide.
Kit includes all brackets, belts and hardware.
Kit includes all hardware and wire management section for easy set-up.
Kit includes all materials needed to complete the wallhanging.
Kit includes all of the above items to build favor seen at left.
Kit includes all parts, PC board and instructions.
Kit includes all reagents ready to use.
Kit includes all seals and hardware necessary to complete the installation.
Kit includes aluminum manifold, mounting flanges, seals and spacers.
Kit includes applet, samples, and documentation.
Kit includes armor for the seats, floor pans, and side doors, roof, and engine compartment.
Kit includes armor for the seats, floor pans, and side doors.
Kit includes assembly diagram.
Kit includes assembly instructions.
Kit includes background information, questionnaire for candidates and instructions for use.
Kit includes ball, net, net tightener, storage bag, rule book, hardware.
Kit includes base and two figures.
Kit includes beads, lace, charm and printed ribbon.
Kit includes bent and straight arms for alternate poses.
Kit includes bezel, screws, and instruction sheet.
Kit includes black mono line, snap weights, and supply of tag line bands.
Kit includes blank media and accessories.
Kit includes body, head, accessories, brocade and silk fabrics.
Kit includes bolts, plates, gussets, passenger grab handle and tubing.
Kit includes book, audio tape and biofeedback thermometer.
Kit includes book, forms, and testing toys.
Kit includes book, video, and handbook.
Kit includes books and activities.
Kit includes books, posters, projects, videos and more.
Kit includes both brushes.
Kit includes both sides.
Kit includes bottom seat platform.foam, back metal frame with adhustable mesh, frame rail track.
Kit includes brass and hardwood fittings, rigging, silk-screened flags and display cradle.
Kit includes bucket, concentrate, drop cloth, razor knife, scraper, sprayer. etc.
Kit includes bulkheads and inspection ports.
Kit includes bullfrog poster and frog friend stickers.
Kit includes butterfly spreading board and insect pins.
Kit includes cabinet, front panel, and all hardware.
Kit includes calipers, mounting brackets, rotors, brake lines, and brake pads.
Kit includes camera-ready masters of each of eight brochures.
Kit includes carbide blade and kit box.
Kit includes case and wall mount power supply.
Kit includes casts and real fossils, photographs, and a videotape.
Kit includes casts of a Tyrannosaurus tooth and claw.
Kit includes casts of an Allosaurus tooth and claw, posters, and books.
Kit includes CD-ROM media and installation documentation.
Kit includes chrome, cover, allen screws, inspection covers and gaskets.
Kit includes cigar glue four premium quality shades of cigar wrapper leaves.
Kit includes clamps, fasteners, hangers and instructions.
Kit includes clear plastic box with lid and built in mountain replica.
Kit includes complete cutting and sewing directions and pattern to make one hand puppet.
Kit includes complete instructions and machine washable crochet cotton.
Kit includes complete instructions, carry case, and can be used over and over.
Kit includes complete instructions.
Kit includes control box and soccer ball.
Kit includes copy stand, extension tubes, focusing grid, etc.
Kit includes crystal beads, wonderful charts and instruction booklet to make one tassel.
Kit includes curriculum for one year.
Kit includes cut boards, cover paper, lining paper, ribbon, and two glue stick.
Kit includes details, decals, couplers, trucks, and wheels.
Kit includes dishwasher-safe bowl and diet calculator guide.
Kit includes diskettes, booklet, and a looseleaf manual in a binder.
Kit includes donuts instructions, dropper and more info on donuts.
Kit includes doors, windows and down spouts.
Kit includes doors, windows, outside sign with decals and down spouts.
Kit includes doors, windows, roof vents and down spouts.
Kit includes doors, windows, signs and down spouts.
Kit includes doors, windows, signs, steps, building foundation and down spouts.
Kit includes drill and tap.
Kit includes drill bit, pattern and permanent bonding adhesive.
Kit includes drilling templates, mounting plate and stainless steel hardware.
Kit includes dummy engine cylinders.
Kit includes easy directions, a special story and all sock doll materials.
Kit includes embroidery floss, needle and instructions.
Kit includes enclosure, speaker, mobile bracket and hand microphone.
Kit includes engine guard, triangle footpeg brackets and mounting hardware.
Kit includes enough parts to produce a total of eight vents.
Kit includes enough yarn for adult size as shown.
Kit includes everything except pole and mounting bolts.
Kit includes everything to take finger prints with an inkless finger print pads and towelettes.
Kit includes examples, process, resources, and evaluation.
Kit includes expensive pre-tested RF power transistor.
Kit includes explicit step by step instructions with exploded drawings.
Kit includes extractor tool used to remove old inserts.
Kit includes fabrics for quilt top and binding.
Kit includes floss, graph, needle and instructions.
Kit includes fund-raising and teaching guides, reproducible maps, lessons and a poster.
Kit includes genes for dollars, yen and euros.
Kit includes georeferenced digital image with positioning metadata.
Kit includes grit, polish, glue, and instructional manual.
Kit includes hammer and chisel, brush, paints, protective eyewear, and information booklet.
Kit includes hammer drill, depth gauge, side handle, chuck key and steel carrying case.
Kit includes handle assembly, switch and throttle components, shaft adapters.
Kit includes hardware and assembly instruction sheet.
Kit includes helpful home canning instructions and recipes.
Kit includes high quality printed circuit board, dual DC motors, all parts, and great instructions.
Kit includes high-efficiency solar cell, miniture motors, all parts and instructions.
Kit includes hinges, floater plates for the inner decklid, mounting tabs, and hardware.
Kit includes instructions and cleaning brush.
Kit includes instructions and display stand.
Kit includes instructions for everything from invitations to snacks to hairstyles.
Kit includes instructions for growing and uses for a wide variety of medicinal herbs.
Kit includes instructions, and machine washable crochet cotton.
Kit includes instructions, canvas and all threads.
Kit includes instructions, canvas and silk and metal threads.
Kit includes instructions, canvas and threads.
Kit includes instructions, film canisters, and clue cards.
Kit includes instructions, warp and weft for both rugs.
Kit includes interface, cable, driver software, and manual.
Kit includes iron-on patterns, rhinestones and glitter paint.
Kit includes jawline blending comb, mustache comb, and lubricating oil.
Kit includes jointed doll, materials, pattern, and instructions.
Kit includes knuckle bearings, seats, washers, seals, gaskets and set of shims.
Kit includes leader guide, six audio cassettes, plus publicity aids.
Kit includes lift-off engine panel and wing machine gun access panel .
Kit includes lighthouse panel and fabric for binding and backing.
Kit includes main drain and screen, water inlet fitting and end of day drain.
Kit includes manequins and video cassette.
Kit includes many accessories for performing experiments.
Kit includes many extras.
Kit includes markings for two aircraft.
Kit includes matches, hooks, line, sinkers, needle, ring saw.
Kit includes materials made from leaves, wood, fiber, and fruit of the coconut.
Kit includes materials made from the leaves, wood, fiber, and fruit of the coconut.
Kit includes media release, art, skit, newsletter blurbs, more.
Kit includes merino wool and rayon single ply yarn and directions.
Kit includes meter, probe, handle, case and wind tester.
Kit includes model A solenoid.
Kit includes needle and instructions, including instuctions for finishing as a tallis.
Kit includes neoprene case, support foam and quick ties.
Kit includes no.
Kit includes pads saturated in cleaning solvent, scraper pads and towels.
Kit includes pads, anti rattle clips, screw and washer.
Kit includes paints, brushes, patterns, transfer paper and instructions.
Kit includes pair of headphones.
Kit includes pattern and all fabric for quilt top and binding.
Kit includes pattern and fabric for background, border, and binding.
Kit includes pattern and fabric for quilt top and binding.
Kit includes pattern and wool.
Kit includes pattern, binding and fabrics for top.
Kit includes persian wool and cotton floss.
Kit includes persian wool yarn, needle and instructions.
Kit includes persian wool.
Kit includes photo, fingerprint, and hair DNA sample.
Kit includes photographs, rock and soil specimens, and maps.
Kit includes pots, soil, seeds, greenhouse and drip tray.
Kit includes pouch for camera and detachable carrying strap.
Kit includes pre-cut screen wire.
Kit includes pre-strung beads to make two ornaments.
Kit includes pump, sensor, switch, wiring, rubber mounts, bracket and hardware.
Kit includes ready to wear rings too.
Kit includes real soccer ball, pump with needle, specialized paints, brushes and instruction sheet.
Kit includes receiver, power supplies, and cables.
Kit includes rolling pin.
Kit includes rotors, caliper relocation brackets, and all required hardware.
Kit includes sales strategies and presentation materials.
Kit includes sample of Reef Supplement Iodine.
Kit includes samples, a video, and coupons.
Kit includes screws and all mounting brackets.
Kit includes seats and extra side rails to deepen the box.
Kit includes sheet paper and cast paper mold.
Kit includes silk fibers and over-dyed linen.
Kit includes six packets.
Kit includes sleeve, piston kit, and gaskets.
Kit includes slides and rubber stamps of footprints.
Kit includes soft, pliable dough.
Kit includes spare wheel, cloth and liquid spray.
Kit includes stakes, twine, and bark protection.
Kit includes static dissipative work surface with pocket, adjustable wrist band and ground cords.
Kit includes steel wheels.
Kit includes sticks, yarn, and instructions.
Kit includes stuffing box, shaft and propeller.
Kit includes switches, wires, contacts, resistors, light bulbs and more.
Kit includes tapes, videos, posters, puppets, and more.
Kit includes tatting needle, some yarn, and complete instructions.
Kit includes tools plus twenty-five pounds of clay.
Kit includes toothpaste and toothbrush.
Kit includes travel bag and reusable cold pack.
Kit includes two bright butterflies.
Kit includes two figures.
Kit includes two pre-drilled adapter pieces, instructions, and screws for attachment to tool.
Kit includes two wheel, undercarriage, handle and mounting bolts, nuts and washers.
Kit includes two wheels, mounting brackets, hardware and instructions for easy installation.
Kit includes unique easy-install hook, decorative star and eight stakes.
Kit includes very informative book and unique biorhythm calculator wheel.
Kit includes video and instructor manual with copy-ready handouts.
Kit includes video and user's guide.
Kit includes video and workbook.
Kit includes video, book, slide book, and supplementary reading materials.
Kit includes videotape, meeting strategy guide, and supplementary reading materials.
Kit includes wall mount power supply.
Kit includes wire, hydraulic lines, window glazing, and decals.
Kit includes wireless USB adapter and cable.
Kit includes wiring and instructions.
Kit includes wound coil.
Kit is a developer's kit for the kernel mode file system and file system filter driver models.
Kit is a fully closed system designed to administer charcoal without exposure to messy solutions.
Kit is a little more problematic.
Kit is a mild mannered family man, with a long musical history.
Kit is a representational artist with an impressionistic style.
Kit is a single father who has spent much of the last year in court in a custody dispute.
Kit is all white with a red sash and cummerbund.
Kit is also a general assignment reporter three days during the week.
Kit is anything but standard.
Kit is appropriate for North American electric systems.
Kit is available for in-hull mounting on fibreglass hulls.
Kit is brand new and never been used.
Kit is complete with all brackets and stainless hardware.
Kit is complete with everything.
Kit is complete with fabric, floss, instructions.
Kit is complete with hydraulic cylinders, hoses and sequencing valve.
Kit is complete with sailcolth, flags, detailed instructions and clearly drawn construction plans.
Kit is complete with silk-screened flags, cotton rigging, eight large plan sheets and instructions.
Kit is complete, no other parts to try to find.
Kit is cool.
Kit is currently out of production pending a revision.
Kit is delighted to be home and quickly finds favourite toys, and parts of the house and garden.
Kit is easy to assemble.
Kit is for left hand drive only.
Kit is for quilt only.
Kit is hazardous from the standpoint of shipping .
Kit is in keeping with elementary school science curriculum.
Kit is in very good condition.
Kit is laden with finely detailed ornamentation and all necessary fittings.
Kit is molded in a silver color.
Kit is mounted on a field expedient type carriage.
Kit is no fool.
Kit is NO longer available.
Kit is now in production.
Kit is out of production, company no longer exists.
Kit is put together and pairs sorted out.
Kit is required for the proliferation of melanoblasts in the mouse embryo.
Kit is shipped in two boxes.
Kit is short for kitten.
Kit is similar to picture shown.
Kit is somewhat difficult to find.
Kit is suitable for the intermediate or experienced reader.
Kit is to convert fr oil to nat gas.
Kit is truly a complete package for conducting fitness testing.
Kit is unassembled in box.
Kit is unassembled, with detailed assembly instructions.
Kit is very gentle and easy to work with from the ground and on top.
Kit is voltage and current rated for either electronic or electrical applications.
Kit isa animal.
Kit isa beast.
Kit isa creature.
Kit isa gear.
Kit lists it.
Kit offers accurate analysis for pH and three basic macronutrients.
Kit pays for itself repeatedly.
Kit presents a method for measuring progress toward a shared vision of healthier communities.
Kit provides a simple and inexpensive way to beginhardware and software development.
Kit provides complete equipment,and visual aids for successful endodontics.
Kit provides for safe and complete spill clean-up.
Kit provides immunization information for children through early teens.
Kit raises the oil mist vent height.
Kit replaces the leather for both front seats AND the rear seat.
Kit requires assembly and painting.
Kit requires assembly.
Kit says marriage falls apart in three days.
Kit sees some warrior cats.
Kit suggests student community action projects.
Kit takes one person to implement and requires no special training.
Kit takes ten minutes to install.
Kit walks the dark halls and feels a penetrating chill.
Kit works with all masks.
Kits abound and tubes hold a big market to good sound now.
Kits also allow individual teaching styles to blossom.
Kits also contain worksheets for students to use.
Kits also enjoy sitting on the part of the hanging feeder that sticks into their hutch.
Kits are a frequent source of problems.
Kits are a good choice for someone who has a little time.
Kits are a valuable resource.
Kits are age appropriate.
Kits are also available and include a selection of lenses and adapters.
Kits are also available at times.
Kits are also available at wholesale pricing for fundraising purposes.
Kits are also available for engines and transmissions.
Kits are also available for plasmid DNA purification.
Kits are also available for purchase.
Kits are also available for teachers, students, doctors, etc.
Kits are also available from the company.
Kits are also available in braille.
Kits are also available, please inquire.
Kits are also available.
Kits are at risk of infection through contact with infected discharge.
Kits are availabe in the following color options.
Kits are available as well as teacher workshops.
Kits are available at all saltwater-oriented tackle shops.
Kits are available at craft stores and the technique is similar to that used in the video.
Kits are available at most sporting goods stores.
Kits are available at retail stores and county extension offices.
Kits are available at the front counter for all building permit requirements.
Kits are available commercially.
Kits are available for a host of simple circuits.
Kits are available for a small fee.
Kits are available for all high quality chaise lounges in either dual or single axle configurations.
Kits are available for almost every vehicle.
Kits are available for both diagnostics and research use.
Kits are available for both sized flight stands.
Kits are available for both small and large quantity spills.
Kits are available for children and adults, and can be customised with team and sponsors logos.
Kits are available for easy installation.
Kits are available for home or school use.
Kits are available for home, auto, and office.
Kits are available for loan.
Kits are available for many cars and trucks.
Kits are available for many of the projects.
Kits are available for many of the watercolor projects.
Kits are available for most other engines.
Kits are available for most single engine Cessna aircraft.
Kits are available for preview.
Kits are available for purchase in the new parts section.
Kits are available for some how-to books.
Kits are available for the cost of printing.
Kits are available for the detection of mouse, rabbit, or human primary antibodies.
Kits are available for the front as well as the side panels of the machine.
Kits are available for thread repair.
Kits are available from educational resources as well as toy stores that young people can assemble.
Kits are available from local plumbing or water supply equipment dealers.
Kits are available from school science supply companies.
Kits are available from the plumbing supply stores.
Kits are available in a complete range of colors and shades.
Kits are available in at least one local health department office in every county.
Kits are available in camouflage or desert woodland color, photo shows each.
Kits are available in electronic format for immediate delivery via e-mail.
Kits are available in English and French.
Kits are available in many different styles.
Kits are available in rubber, urethane and competition series.
Kits are available near the areas listed on the attached table.
Kits are available now.
Kits are available on a variety of subjects and can be borrowed for a two week period.
Kits are available on the site to make the process simple and fun.
Kits are available on the topics listed below.
Kits are available only to residents of metro Atlanta.
Kits are available that allow people with diabetes to test their blood glucose at home.
Kits are available that can be removed easily in spring without damaging woodwork.
Kits are available that include guards for all light-covers on the vehicle.
Kits are available to adjust the armrest plate width, and armrest pad thickness.
Kits are available to be borrowed by interested educators.
Kits are available to convert some bagging mowers into mulching mowers.
Kits are available to educational institutions at no cost.
Kits are available to Erie artists.
Kits are available to give a floor either a satin or semi-gloss finish.
Kits are available to help keep the ba ll rolling and the points of contact clean.
Kits are available to increase velocity and power.
Kits are available to measure alkalinity.
Kits are available to repair coatings where limited touchup is required.
Kits are available to travel to classrooms around the area.
Kits are available virtually at any hobby, toy or major shopping store.
Kits are available which include planter, plants, soil, top gravel and cactus wood.
Kits are available with hot-dipped galvanized or silicon bronze screws.
Kits are available with instructional information and supplies for making relief prints.
Kits are available with one to four monarch caterpillars or chrysalises.
Kits are available with or without new drill bit.
Kits are available with or without return postage.
Kits are available with or without tools as listed.
Kits are available with three or four pizza crusts per kit.
Kits are available, but instructions assume some knowledge.
Kits are available, some of our kits go as far as California, each month.
Kits are available.
Kits are blind and helpless at birth.
Kits are born a champagne color that usually lightens a bit and then darkens again with maturity.
Kits are born blind and helpless and stay below ground until they are about two months old.
Kits are born hairless with sealed eyes and ear canals.
Kits are born hairless, with faint black and white markings on their body.
Kits are born with their eyes closed and are covered in white fur.
Kits are cases.
Kits are color coded to reduce the possibility of error .
Kits are complete and ready to sew.
Kits are complete with all the required hardware.
Kits are complete with instructions.
Kits are currently in a Renaissance.
Kits are custojm sizsed to roof pitch and installation location.
Kits are devices.
Kits are display packaged and are for sale ONLY to specialized record vendors and societies.
Kits are easy to assemble and affordable.
Kits are easy to assemble with ordinary tools.
Kits are for two wheel drive only unless stated otherwise.
Kits are free for Iowa teachers in limited quantities.
Kits are free, but there is a charge for the tests.
Kits are free.
Kits are from a catalog.
Kits are gear.
Kits are great for auto, home, boats and hunting trips.
Kits are great for gifts, company giveaways, and personal entertainment.
Kits are great to have on hand for all situations, including travel.
Kits are half the price of our retail furniture price.
Kits are highly detailed reproductions of science fiction robots and vehicles.
Kits are in stock and ready to ship.
Kits are in-stock and ready for immediate shipping.
Kits are items containing two or more categories of material, no one of which is predominate.
Kits are limited.
Kits are modular and pre wired for easy assembly on site.
Kits are now available for purchase.
Kits are now available in at least one local health department office in every county.
Kits are now available on line.
Kits are now available to increase the life of tubes by providing barrel linings.
Kits are now available.
Kits are now the most reliable source of many useful parts.
Kits are often available at hobby stores.
Kits are often in stock.
Kits are only available from inside the secure site .
Kits are personal.
Kits are pricey, but very versatile.
Kits are protocol, site and visit specific.
Kits are ready for delivery now.
Kits are really great, so are the stadiums.
Kits are returnable and refundable at any time as long as the items are in saleable shape.
Kits are reusable dramatics, with enough materials for three teams per meet.
Kits are small personal kits for first responders.
Kits are specific for male or female collection, so please specify type and quantity when ordering.
Kits are subject to slight updates from time to time.
Kits are subject to yarn availability.
Kits are third party or refurbished products.
Kits are to be returned to the museum on the day of the school visit.
Kits are urethane castings and styrene and paper parts.
Kits are urethane castings with mostly styrene and paper parts.
Kits are very adequate in every way.
Kits are vocal, using squeaks and chirps to communicate with their mother and siblings.
Kits are weaned in six weeks and are fed on regurgitated food from the parents and the helper foxes.
Kits are young mammals.
Kits attach together to meet the length of any size fence.
Kits can also be custom configured by using our wide selection of components.
Kits can be custom designed to customer requirements.
Kits can be setup with or without the cover to elevate the kits.
Kits can contain news releases, background information, brochures, registration materials, etc.
Kits check out for two weeks at a time.
Kits circulate for one month.
Kits click here .
Kits come complete with all fasteners and brackets.
Kits come complete with all items needed for a professional, factory looking conversion.
Kits come complete with all materials and instructions.
Kits come complete with assembly instructions, photo of assembled kit and base.
Kits come complete with instructions.
Kits come complete with jackets for double freezes.
Kits come complete with jackets for single or double freezes.
Kits come complete with lights or pegs and all mounting hardware.
Kits come complete with mounting hardware.
Kits come complete with red anodized aluminum hardware.
Kits come complete with strut braces, mounting bolts, and instructions.
Kits come complete with wiring harness, switch and instructions.
Kits come complete with working air brakes and all the hardware needed.
Kits come in a foam lined carrying case.
Kits come in a number of ways depending on the insert and mat selections.
Kits come in a variety of styles and ready to assemble.
Kits come in all sizes and range from just basic items to professional surgical kits.
Kits come in either wooden or plastic rods.
Kits come in several sizes.
Kits come in several varieties, including children's health, school, and art kits.
Kits come ready to use.
Kits come unpainted with building, signs and sign supports only.
Kits come with a choice of powdered nutrient or liquid nutrients .
Kits come with all instructions.
Kits come with attaching parts.
Kits come with complete instructions.
Kits come with epoxy, fiberglass, hardware, precut marine plywood parts and, of course, plans.
Kits come with instructions and everything needed to install the system.
Kits come with manuals for teachers and worksheet for students.
Kits come with patterns, instructions, and metal bird bodies.
Kits come with ready bead and cove cedarstrip, hardwood trim, fibreglass cloth and all fastenings.
Kits come with speakers, cabinets, assembled crossovers, hardware, and cabinet insulation.
Kits come with step by step instructions.
Kits come with the sump basin, sewer ejector pump, check-valve.
Kits comes complete with fabric and floss.
Kits comes with the glass, the slumping mold and slumping instructions.
Kits coming out soon include various historic and midget submarines, auxilliary craft.
Kits comprise all components that can be cut from steel plate.
Kits consist of a traveler car with control blocks, and control blocks for the track ends.
Kits consist of pairs of cushions and foam pads.
Kits consist of several pieces.
Kits consist of tools, seeds and basic household items such as buckets, cups and utensils.
Kits consist of two modules.
Kits consume as much time as a human infant, needing to be fed, burped, and put down for naps.
Kits contain a teacher's guide and photocopy masters for constructing components.
Kits contain age-level books, worksheets, a videotape and an audiocassette tape for instruction.
Kits contain all materials needed.
Kits contain all that is neeed to make a strong light wood and epoxy boat.
Kits contain chart and instructions, needle, fabric and stranded cotton threads.
Kits contain chart and instructions, needle, fabric and threads.
Kits contain everything needed to make one belly mask.
Kits contain excellent manuals, circuit boards and electronic components.
Kits contain fabrics for birds and leaves only.
Kits contain frame moulding with pre-cut miter joints .
Kits contain injection molded plastic sides, floor, underbody detail and roof.
Kits contain instructions, pattern, and pre-cut material.
Kits contain lesson plans, videos and copymasters.
Kits contain matching thread, one needle and instructions.
Kits contain mostly print materials and include either supplemental audiotapes or videotapes.
Kits contain posters, a reader, videos and audiotapes.
Kits contain practical management information on how libraries deal with today's challenges.
Kits contain two shelves, telescoping shaft, mounting hardware and instructions.
Kits containing adrenalin are available to slow the reaction.
Kits contains all legal, tax and government forms.
Kits correspond to the Virginia Standards of Learning.
Kits cover sales and marketing, human resources, finance and product development.
Kits designed for a child's extended stay at home are available.
Kits develop very quickly, reaching adult size within their first year.
Kits do provide excellent starting points for inquiry-based learning.
Kits feature a rust resistant zinc finish.
Kits feature all necessary order forms including furniture, electricity, floral, etc.
Kits feature easy to follow instructions and sealed heim bearings for years of trouble free service.
Kits feature the most beautiful glass, ceramic, and metal beads from around the world.
Kits feed twice a day for approximately five minutes each time.
Kits generally contain malt extract which is already hopped, or come with loose hops.
Kits go upside down under the doe change nipples frequently while nursing.
Kits grow very quickly, fed by the nutrient-rich milk of their mother.
Kits have (part) brains.
Kits have (part) cell membranes.
Kits have (part) cells.
Kits have (part) corpi.
Kits have (part) cytoplasm.
Kits have (part) ears.
Kits have (part) faces.
Kits have (part) heads.
Kits have (part) nuclei.
Kits have (part) plasma membranes.
Kits have (part) sections.
Kits have (part) skulls.
Kits have (part) vacuoles.
Kits have a loan period of two weeks .
Kits have at least four very appealing features.
Kits have downy fur, open eyes, and are able to swim a short time after birth.
Kits include manuals.
Kits includes a videotape, leader's guide, quizzes, posters, and employee booklets.
Kits install in less than an hour on most vehicles with simple hand tools.
Kits install in minutes.
Kits keep on rolling.
Kits make a very special gift for someone with a flare for art.
Kits make great gifts.
Kits measure the pH of the finished compost.
Kits mount to side of computer.
Kits mount to side of machine.
Kits offer mounts for helmets, headbands, hats, and racecars.
Kits only are also available.
Kits play by wrestling and gripping each other's necks with their teeth.
Kits provide consultants with materials, lesson plans, and teaching suggestions.
Kits provide the fabric, felt, thread, stuffing, and instructions.
Kits provide the fabric, thread, drawstring, and instructions.
Kits range from easy to medium challenging.
Kits range from primary right up to A level.
Kits range from simple yet beautiful to intricate and incredible.
Kits represent a new standard in home brewing.
Kits require full electronic assembly.
Kits serves two classrooms.
Kits show few, if any symptoms, for a few hours.
Kits spend most of their time suckling, sleeping and growing.
Kits squeak repeatedly when separated from their mothers.
Kits stay with their parents until fall when they leave and live on their own.
Kits supply the needed dosage in easily dispensable form as bisulfites.
Kits use indigos, double pinks, and shirtings.
Kits utilizing both prokaryotic and eukaryotic lysate systems are commercially available.
Kits vary based on individual situations.
Kits vary depending on contents.
Kits vary widely in type, content, quality, and ease of construction.
Kits weigh ounces.
Kits work for children or adults.
Kits often have many notes.
Kits often take longer to paint than to assemble.
Kits usually consist of books with supporting media in diskette, cd-rom, or cassette formats.
Kits usually contain a hopping schedule.
Kits usually die because of hypothermia and hunger.
All kit is provided for the players, both for nets and matches.
All kits are also available as individual items.
All kits are attorney approved, and have been prepared by legal experts.
All kits are available assembled.
All kits are available for check out.
All kits are complete and come with professionally manufactured, drilled and tinned PC boards.
All kits are complete and have never been sold.
All kits are complete with aida fabric, stranded cottons, needle, instructions and chart.
All kits are complete with lamps, scrims, and stands.
All kits are currently available.
All kits are customer specific.
All kits are easy to install, reliable and are covered by an outstanding warranty.
All kits are factory sealed unless stated otherwise.
All kits are handcrafted and custom cut to order.
All kits are in mint or very good shape.
All kits are just like anything else today.
All kits are limited editions.
All kits are primarily balsa and ply built-up construction with sheeted foam wings.
All kits are professional quality.
All kits are properly packaged to maintain stability during transit.
All kits are short run injection moulded and include decals and metal accessory parts as necessary.
All kits are unbuilt in the original box unless otherwise noted.
All kits are user-installable, and include complete installation instructions and SCSI manual.
All kits carry warranties.
All kits come complete with a black attach flight bag.
All kits come complete with a pre- printed circuit board, components, and full instructions.
All kits come complete with necessary bearings, seals, O-rings, and gaskets.
All kits come complete with software, interface cables and sample devices.
All kits come complete with speaker, microphone, cradle, and exterior antenna and cable.
All kits come complete.
All Kits come less trucks and couplers.
All kits come standard keyed-alike.
All kits come wired and operational.
All kits come with a liquid pH test kit and instructions.
All kits come with a one year genetic health guarantee.
All kits come with an assortment of our high quality products in see through, easy to store cases.
All kits come with an inverted pair of graphics and an application squeegee.
All kits come with complete instructions.
All kits come with components, glass epoxy printed circuit board, instructions and schematic.
All kits come with decals.
All kits come with full instructions for assembly and are unpainted.
All kits come with instructions and initial ideas.
All kits come with instructions.
All kits come with written and video instructions.
All kits contain a diagram to aid assembly.
All kits contain beads, wire findings, and instructions.
All kits contain chrome plated valve covers, push in breather, dipstick and tube.
All kits contain everything needed to produce a completed garment.
All kits contain high quality, name brand components.
All kits contain quality name brand products with proven safety and reliability.
All kits feature a durable powdercoat finish and include plated high-grade hardware.
All kits have a carrying handle and keyhole mounts for wall installation.
All kits have building instructions and suggestions of various models to replicate.
All kits have direct drive for the azimuth.
All kits have health guarantee.
All kits have magnets with the South pole marked.
All kits have sensors which plug into a sensor box and then to the computer.
All kits recommend removing stains before garments are placed in the dryer.
All kits require assembly and a level of electronic knowledge.
All kits require intake port and piston modifications.
All kits require painting.
All kits use proven methods for on-site study of fresh water environments.
Any kit can be custom made to meet the customer needs.
Every kit also contains selected oak chips from the forests of France.
Every kit comes with a pattern and basic instructions to follow.
Every kit comes with complete bi-lingual instructions.
Every kit contains enough supplies for all students to take part in twelve follow-up sessions.
Every kit contains various products that are beneficial for specific problems.
Every kit does comes with a complete set of instructions.
Every kit includes a Video with step by step assembly instructions.
Every kit includes all parts necessary for complete motor assembly.
Every kit includes all the parts, printed circuit boards, and complete assembly instructions.
Every kit is available in ready to paint bisque, latex composition, or cold cast porcelain.
Every kit is jam packed with the most needed first aid safety supplies.
Every kits comes with all the supplies needed for installation.
Many kits are available, and they range from all wood to plastic and fiberglass.
Many kits are less than what others have sold at auction.
Many kits nowadays come with a power system.
Many kits use flexible sheeting with water passages throughout and they are sold in rolls.
Many kits use flexible sheeting with water passages throughout, and they are sold in rolls.
Most kits also contain a pound of specialty grains.
Most kits also contain form minutes of directors and stockholders' meetings.
Most kits are easy to assemble.
Most kits are model-specific so it is important to state the exact model when ordering.
Most kits are reusable, with refills available where appropriate.
Most kits come tools to aid in entering text.
Most kits come with croutons and dressing.
Most kits come with detailed construction and assembly instructions.
Most kits come with some form of antiseptic ointment.
Most kits consist of some sort of fiberglass cloth and a resin system.
Most kits contain a hub, two cables and two NICs.
Most kits contain at least two doses.
Most kits contain books, puzzles, small manipulatives and games.
Most kits contain castings and drawings only, unless specified as a complete kit.
Most kits die before six months of age, and few adults survive past two years.
Most kits feature a piston ejection system that ensures parachute deployment.
Most kits have space for installation.
Most kits measure a couple of aspects of water quality, so they have two chambers.
Most kits measure ortho-phosphate, which is only one form of Phosphorus.
Most kits produce two or more crops of mushrooms.
Most kits register a color change for comparison against a chart.
Most kits remain with the adults until they are almost two years old.
Most kits use balsa wood framing and plywood construction.
Most kits utilize a change in color to determine the level of progesterone.
Most kits utilize the alkaline lysis method.
Most kits weigh ounces.
Some kits also add hops to the priming, an easy method to add flavor and aroma.
Some kits also contain a tourniquet and an antihistamine.
Some kits also contain audio and large print editions of the book.
Some kits are also available for parents to bring home.
Some kits are available to test for microcystins on site.
Some kits are beginner level, some require a little experience, some are precut, ready to sew.
Some kits are better than others.
Some kits are in short supply.
Some kits are more accurate and easier to read than others.
Some kits are more complete than others.
Some kits are small enough to squeeze under some doors.
Some kits are vehicle-specific.
Some kits are very poor.
Some kits can test water, dishes, glasses, and ceramics.
Some kits come with an optional frame and the larger designs have a chart only option too.
Some kits come with the handles and rims already steam bent.
Some kits consist of calculators.
Some kits consist of fabric.
Some kits contain additional materials as specified in the kit description.
Some kits contain bottles.
Some kits contain only the framing materials, with the owner providing the wall panels and roof.
Some kits cost several hundred dollars to replace.
Some kits do contain components that require special storage conditions.
Some kits have books.
Some kits have empty test tubes.
Some kits have empty tubes.
Some kits have motors.
Some kits have samples.
Some kits have smaller capsules that have proven hard to open.
Some kits have test tubes.
Some kits have tubes.
Some kits never nip at all, but most that do eventually outgrow it.
Some kits provide a separate organic vapor mask or acid mask.
Some kits provide castings for many components.
Some kits provide education.
Some kits provide lessons.
Some kits replace four, with five gears or five with six gears.
Some kits require foods and items commonly present in homes.
Some kits require permission of parties involved before use.
Some kits require that foremilk strippings be used while a few others utilize postmilk strippings.
Some kits require the assembly of printed circuit boards.
Some kits take many hours to put together and some kits are almost ready to fly or ready to fly .
Some kits use motors.
A kitbag is a haversack
Kitbags are backpacks.
Kitbags are packed and made ready for the porters or yaks who leave before breakfast.
Kitbags are packed and made ready for the porters who leave before breakfast.
A kitchen appliance is a household appliance
Kitchen appliances are good examples.
Kitchen appliances are home appliances.
Kitchen appliances are in good working order, clean, and have tight-fitting seals.
Kitchen appliances are new and include the usual.
Kitchen appliances generate much heat.
All kitchen appliances go with home.
All kitchen appliances remain after the sale.
All kitchen appliances stay, and most window and floor coverings stay.
Most kitchen appliances look better.
Some kitchen appliances use stainless steel.
Some kitchen appliances use steel.
A kitchen cabinet is a camp
Kitchen cabinets appear, pantries begin to disappear.
Kitchen cabinets are all-steel with a baked enamel finish.
Kitchen cabinets are ash.
Kitchen cabinets are clique.
Kitchen cabinets are lower.
Kitchen cabinets are made of different materials.
Kitchen cabinets are of birds-eye maple.
Kitchen cabinets do have several special needs, to be sure.
Kitchen cabinets offer flexibility with their varied sizes, door options and adjustable shelves.
Kitchen cabinets wash the outsides, and apply a polish to any wooden doors.
Every kitchen design has to have an anchor.
A kitchen garden is a garden
Kitchen gardens abound and the village is surrounded by corn fields.
Any kitchen garden needs good soil preparation.
Kitchen layout includes breakfast bar.
Kitchen sponges are a real source of nasty germs.
Kitchen tools are devices.
Kitchen tools are lifesavers.
Kitchen tools come in wood, plastic and stainless steel.
Kitchen tools seem to fall into two categories.
Kitchen towel hangs neatly on the towel holder.
Kitchen towel is absorbent, easy to replace and relatively cheap.
Kitchen towel is probably the best substrate for young snakes, absorbant, cheap and easily replaced.
Kitchen towels can retain germs.
Kitchen towels hang conveniently on the wooden towel bars.
Kitchen towels hang neatly on the wooden towel holder.
A kitchen utensil is an utensil
Most kitchen utensils are available in the stores here.
Some kitchen waste is acceptable too, such as peels from vegetables and fruit.
Kitchen witches are available with red, black, forest green and yellow-orange dresses.
A kitchen is a room
Kitchen appliances only a few years old.
Kitchen believe past a feather either support lingerie.
Kitchen gadgets hard to find.
Kitchen gadgets hard tofind.
Kitchen has a sliding, lockable door for privacy.
Kitchen has beautiful wood cabinets, lots of counter and cupboard space.
Kitchen has breakfast area, wood cabinets, new laminate floor and a double pantry.
Kitchen has breakfast bar island and large pantry.
Kitchen has Corian countertops.
Kitchen has eat-in area.
Kitchen has eating area.
Kitchen has electric range, refrigerator, microwave, etc.
Kitchen has electric stove and oven and microwave.
Kitchen has European cabinets with an island and eating area.
Kitchen has everything including a corkscrew.
Kitchen has folding doors.
Kitchen has full facilities for light cooking.
Kitchen has full-size appliances, dishes, flatware, pots, and pans.
Kitchen has full-size island.
Kitchen has highly quality built-in range, dishwasher and microwave hood.
Kitchen has island and angled bay window.
Kitchen has island and dishwasher.
Kitchen has island cooktop, built in desk, large pantry, and eating nook.
Kitchen has island cook-top.
Kitchen has island with bar and separate dining room.
Kitchen has island with downdraft stove.
Kitchen has island with seating at the counter.
Kitchen has island with sink, pantry and utility room.
Kitchen has island with two ranges and double sinks.
Kitchen has island, kitchen and living room has vaulted ceilings.
Kitchen has new Maytag appliances and custom oak cabinets.
Kitchen has newer dishwasher, floor and cabinets.
Kitchen has oak cabinets, breakfast bar, large family dining room combo and fireplace.
Kitchen has oak cabinets, pantry and barstool area.
Kitchen has oak cabinets.
Kitchen has pine cabinets and tile counters.
Kitchen has wet bar and desk area.
Kitchen has wet bar sink.
Kitchen has white and teal-colored tile countertops and dark hardwood floors.
Kitchen has white cabinets and breakfast nook for that cheery feeling.
Kitchen has white cabinets, island, pantry, water purifier and new dishwasher.
Kitchen has work island.
Kitchen hints and do-ahead information.
Kitchen isa room.
Kitchen overlook huge breakfast area with sliding doors to rear deck.
Kitchen tests for pectin in jelly making.
Kitchen turn handles of pots and pans to rear of stove and use rear burners whenever possible.
Kitchens also have a large sink and cabinets.
Kitchens appear in restaurants.
Kitchens are a household component that everyone uses but generally takes for granted.
Kitchens are all white, no they are orange and green.
Kitchens are also a good example.
Kitchens are also available.
Kitchens are also great places for older pre-schoolers to learn.
Kitchens are always a place where innovations are made.
Kitchens are an ideal areas for track lighting applications.
Kitchens are available and designed for safe cooking.
Kitchens are available for several of the rooms.
Kitchens are available in each building, usually on the first floor.
Kitchens are available in some of the suites.
Kitchens are available in some units and microwaves and small refrigerators are in every room.
Kitchens are available in the residence halls.
Kitchens are available on each floor.
Kitchens are available.
Kitchens are bright and airy and include a breakfast room.
Kitchens are closer to the diners.
Kitchens are complete and spacious.
Kitchens are complete with dishes, cookware, toasters, coffee makers and some with microwaves.
Kitchens are complete with dishes, glasses, pots, pans, utensils and tableware.
Kitchens are complete with microwaves and dishwashers.
Kitchens are complete with microwaves, gas ranges, refrigerators and kitchen accessories.
Kitchens are completely furnished including microwaves and the bathrooms have showers.
Kitchens are country style, and include toasters and coffee-makers.
Kitchens are difficult to test because they get remodeled more often than any other room.
Kitchens are equipped for normal usage and laundry facilities are available.
Kitchens are for the community on each floor and guests are encouraged to make themselves at home.
Kitchens are fraught with disasters waiting to happen.
Kitchens are fully equipped, there is a fireplace and wood is furnished.
Kitchens are half-gated so safety is observed.
Kitchens are hazardous places for young children.
Kitchens are hot - and expensive.
Kitchens are hot the hours suck and conditions are pretty poor.
Kitchens are light and lively with plenty of counter space and functionality built in.
Kitchens are located in apartments.
Kitchens are located in fraternity houses.
Kitchens are located in homes.
Kitchens are located in hotels.
Kitchens are located in restaurants.
Kitchens are modern and fully equipped, and fireplaces are ready to roar.
Kitchens are often hot and crowded, the pace is frantic and the pressure s high.
Kitchens are often multicultural, with an equal diversity in ages and backgrounds.
Kitchens are open to the family room, which creates a roomy and comfortable family space.
Kitchens are paramount.
Kitchens are part of dwellings.
Kitchens are particularly difficult to remodel, however.
Kitchens are places.
Kitchens are rooms.
Kitchens are smalls.
Kitchens are special rooms.
Kitchens are state of the art.
Kitchens are subject to lots of spilled water, a dubious place for a hardwood floor.
Kitchens are the heart of family life.
Kitchens are the most commonly difficult community spaces.
Kitchens are to be maintained by the guest.
Kitchens are to be used for preparing and eating food.
Kitchens are used for appliances.
Kitchens are used for cook food.
Kitchens are used for cooking breakfasts.
Kitchens are used for cooking food.
Kitchens are used for cooking.
Kitchens are used for cooks.
Kitchens are used for food preparation.
Kitchens are used for storage cabinets.
Kitchens are used for washing dishs.
Kitchens are usually near driveways and backyards.
Kitchens are usually too busy a place for cats too feel privacy.
Kitchens are very well equipped, with good quality crockery, cutlery, kitchenware and equipment.
Kitchens are very well equipped.
Kitchens are well equipped for cooking and entertaining and typically include high end appliances.
Kitchens boast everything from dishwashers and fan ovens to food processors.
Kitchens can be hot and noisy and there is a lot of crisis management involved.
Kitchens can be very dangerous.
Kitchens can work well.
Kitchens come equipped with cooking utensils and cutlery, a stovetop and a refrigerator.
Kitchens come equipped with cooking utensils and cutlery, an oven, a refrigerator, and a microwave.
Kitchens come equipped with refrigerator, range, microwave, dishware and utensils.
Kitchens come fully equipped with stoves, microwave ovens, and full-size refrigerators.
Kitchens come with ample cabinets and counter space, deluxe ranges and large refrigerators.
Kitchens come with dishwasher, garbage disposal and frost free refrigerator.
Kitchens compliment the finest of gourmet foods or the simplest of menus.
Kitchens contain a fridge and facilities for cooking light snacks.
Kitchens contain a refrigerator and facilities for cooking light snacks.
Kitchens contain a standard size range and refrigerator.
Kitchens contain basic cooking utensils, pots, pans, silverware, glassware and dinner ware.
Kitchens count as a room in all cases.
Kitchens feature all appliances.
Kitchens feature durable carefree mica cabinetry, and a variety of easy living layouts.
Kitchens feature laminate countertops.
Kitchens feature oak front cabinets, self-cleaning oven ranges, dishwashers and disposals.
Kitchens feature pantries and cabinets with hidden hinges.
Kitchens have (part) bases.
Kitchens have (part) ceilings.
Kitchens have (part) doorways.
Kitchens have (part) floors.
Kitchens have (part) room light.
Kitchens have (part) sections.
Kitchens have (part) walls.
Kitchens have a baking oven.
Kitchens have a stove top, microwave ovens, kettle, toaster, iron and ironing board.
Kitchens have a stovetop, microwave ovens, kettle, toaster, iron and ironing board.
Kitchens have an electric cooker and refrigerator.
Kitchens have center islands and generous workspace and storage.
Kitchens have ceramic tiles.
Kitchens have Corian countertops and bathrooms have wood cabinets with cultured marble countertops.
Kitchens have decorative ceramic floor tiles.
Kitchens have decorative ceramic tiles.
Kitchens have decorative tiles.
Kitchens have electric fridges and stoves and our deluxe cabins have microwaves.
Kitchens have floor and wall cupboards and ample cutlery, crockery and cooking utensils.
Kitchens have floor tile and bathrooms have ceramic tile.
Kitchens have floor tiles.
Kitchens have fridges, freezers, micro-waves, cookers and food cupboards.
Kitchens have fridges, freezers, microwaves, cookers and food cupboards.
Kitchens have full size refrigerators and gas cooking stoves.
Kitchens have full-size stove, oven, dishwasher, garbage disposal and full sized refrigerator.
Kitchens have full-sized refrigerators, ranges, toasters, and coffee makers.
Kitchens have gas fridge and stove.
Kitchens have microwaves and dishwashers.
Kitchens have microwaves, coffee makers, toasters, dishes, pans, liquid soap.
Kitchens have stoves.
Kitchens have tiles.
Kitchens have to be properly cleaned to prevent bacteria from spreading.
Kitchens play a key role in the beauty, value, and marketability of any home.
Kitchens processing food for hundreds every day usually have limited storage space.
Kitchens produce mouth-watering scents.
Kitchens provide ideal cockroach habitats for the German and brownbanded cockroaches.
Kitchens tend to be tiny just like entrance spaces and workshops.
Kitchens always rise to the top.
All kitchen utensils, pots and pans, and dishes are available.
All kitchens are completely equipped and have refrigerator and dishwasher.
All kitchens are fully-equipped with the latest modern conveniences.
All kitchens are modern, all electric and well-equipped including a microwave.
All kitchens have a full-size stove and refrigerator.
All kitchens have coffee makers and toasters.
All kitchens have elctric ranges, refrigerators, dishes and cooking utensils.
All kitchens have microwaves also.
All kitchens have microwaves.
All kitchens offer stainless steel pans and identical provision and quality of utensils.
All kitchens open up to private newly enclosed porches.
Any kitchen has the makings of a botanical garden.
Every kitchen begins with a design.
Every kitchen contains the tools for fatal domestic violence.
Every kitchen has a cooker, refrigerator, freezer, microwave and food lockers.
Every kitchen is different.
Every kitchen needs at least one.
Every kitchen needs good shears.
Every kitchen needs one.
Many kitchens have chef's tables.
Many kitchens have under-counter lighting, which also enhances herb growth.
Most kitchens appear in restaurants.
Most kitchens are open to the living areas with counterspace accessible from both areas.
Most kitchens have a butcher knife, but very few have a good one.
Most kitchens have cabinets for storage of cooking materials and utensils.
Most kitchens have ceramic tiles.
Most kitchens have decorative ceramic floor tiles.
Most kitchens have decorative ceramic tiles.
Most kitchens have decorative tiles.
Most kitchens have floor tiles.
Most kitchens have some basic items, like eggs, milk, and butter.
Most kitchens have tiles.
Most kitchens run pretty hot.
Some kitchen have modern appliances, like any new condo.
Some kitchen left-overs are fine, such as the bone left over from the roast.
Some kitchen utensils consist of iron pots.
Some kitchen utensils consist of pots.
Some kitchens are a microwave in a motel room.
Some kitchens are made of vegetables.
Some kitchens are part of bungalows.
Some kitchens are part of castles.
Some kitchens are part of convents.
Some kitchens are part of cottages.
Some kitchens are part of dairies.
Some kitchens are part of farmhouses.
Some kitchens are part of farms.
Some kitchens are part of fireplaces.
Some kitchens are part of houses.
Some kitchens are part of manors.
Some kitchens are part of monasteries.
Some kitchens are part of palaces.
Some kitchens are part of ranches.
Some kitchens are very small with limited cabinet space.
Some kitchens have antibacterial properties.
Some kitchens have dishwashers.
Some kitchens have natural antibacterial properties.
Some kitchens have pest control problems.
Some kitchens have properties.
Some kitchens still have avocado and harvest gold appliances and shag carpeting.
A kitchenette is a kitchen
Kitchenette has coffee maker, microwave and refrigerator.
Kitchenette has full cooking facilities including a microwave oven.
Kitchenette has full stove, refrigerator, and dishwasher.
Kitchenette has stove, refrigerator, pots, pans, and dishes.
Kitchenette includes refrigerator, microwave, and brass sink.
Kitchenette is available.
Kitchenette is built in the room, with an electric cooker, two hot plates, basic dishes, cutlery.
Kitchenettes are available and there is a large pool.
Kitchenettes are available as well.
Kitchenettes are available for occasional cooking, snacks, and light refreshments.
Kitchenettes are available in some rooms.
Kitchenettes are available in the residence hall.
Kitchenettes are available in the residency.
Kitchenettes are available on the entrance floor in each wing for resident use.
Kitchenettes are available, as is a suite with fireplace.
Kitchenettes are available, as well as rooms for the handicapped.
Kitchenettes are available.
Kitchenettes are kitchens.
Kitchenettes are located in apartments.
Kitchenettes are located in hotel rooms.
Kitchenettes are located in houses.
Kitchenettes are part of apartments.
Kitchenettes are used for cooking.
Kitchenettes are used for cooks.
Kitchenettes are used for preparing food.
Kitchenettes come with some rooms.
Kitchenettes feature a refrigerator, microwave, stove, and dishwasher.
Kitchenettes have full kitchens stocked with utensils, dishes, glassware, silverware, and pans.
Kitchenettes have mini-fridge, coffee maker and microwave.
Kitchenettes have stoves, refrigerators, silverware, cooking utensils and towels.
All kitchenettes have refrigerator, microwave and sink.
Some kitchenettes are handicap accessible.
Some kitchenettes connect to another unit with two double beds.
A kitchenware is a kitchen utensil
All kitchenware is provided, as well as fresh pillows.
Every kite flier needs a banner to flap in the wind and annoy people.
Kite line is secured to the car in lower right corner of scene.
Kite line is secured to the car in right-center of scene.
Kite line is secured to the car in upper left corner of scene.
Kite line is visible on the right side.
Kite tails are part of kites.
A kite is a check
Kite isa plaything.
Kite isa toy.
Kites also have spiritual significance and are often used in religious festivals.
Kites are a fun way to enjoy light breezes and learn about gravity and air currents.
Kites are a lot of fun and they can be educational too.
Kites are a popular hobby in China.
Kites are aerodynes.
Kites are and have always been fascinating for kids - of all ages.
Kites are big , though.
Kites are birds.
Kites are capable of flies.
Kites are checks.
Kites are decidedly low tech, so problems are few.
Kites are easy to fly.
Kites are easy to make.
Kites are extremely powerful and can overpower the novice without warning.
Kites are for kids.
Kites are for rent in the square itself.
Kites are fun.
Kites are hawks.
Kites are in the air daily from mid morning to early afternoon.
Kites are just great fun for the entire family.
Kites are light, portable, and easy to launch, and their only power requirement is a steady wind.
Kites are lightweight and graceful raptors that prey on large insects, reptiles and rodents.
Kites are located in air.
Kites are located in hobby shops.
Kites are located in parks.
Kites are located in skies.
Kites are located in toy stores.
Kites are normally hand-drawn and decorated with colourful paper and strands of thread.
Kites are perfect beach and backpacking accessories.
Kites are pieces of cloth that cover wooden sticks.
Kites are relatively simple to make.
Kites are scavengers.
Kites are somewhat similar in shape to falcons but note the different head patterns.
Kites are the oldest form of aircraft.
Kites are toys.
Kites are used for entertainment.
Kites are used for flying.
Kites are used for fun.
Kites are used for hobbies.
Kites are used for play games.
Kites are used for playing.
Kites are water relaunchables and there are inflatable and foil ones.
Kites are words.
Kites can also carry balloons, banners, and other decorations.
Kites can be a safety hazard to aircraft taking off or landing.
Kites can be large or small and of an unlimited variety of shapes.
Kites can come in all kinds of shapes, sizes, and colors.
Kites can fly because of forces acting on the parts of the kite.
Kites can fly because of the forces acting on the parts of the kite.
Kites can hand off captured prey to each other in midair as if passing a baton.
Kites can help kids build friendships with some of the world s thousands of kite hobbyists.
Kites come complete with bridles, lines, flying handle, and storage tube.
Kites come in all shapes and sizes and can be constructed from many different materials.
Kites come in different sizes and shapes.
Kites come in various shapes and forms.
Kites come with bridle, pump, and patch kit.
Kites Cut out a diamond shape and some yarn for the tail.
Kites fly at higher altitudes than conventional rigs.
Kites fly in Oriental festivals and competions.
Kites fly in very windy weather.
Kites fly indoors, humans dance in the air and everyday objects take on a life of their own.
Kites fly over the houses all night.
Kites fly up in the air.
Kites generally come in sets of five.
Kites go sky high in the meadow, along the bay, or on the beach.
Kites have (part) kite tails.
Kites have (part) sections.
Kites have a long tradition in China.
Kites have a nice way of becoming permanent tree decorations, sadly.
Kites have tails.
Kites have the thickest, most spongy stomach linings of any raptor.
Kites have their own page here .
Kites having one plane surface require flexible tails for lateral and directional stability.
Kites however provide a cost-effective and quick turnaround to capturing aerial views.
Kites look like predators and cause plovers to move away from their feeding areas.
Kites migrate in flocks and sometimes wander north of their range.
Kites provide a perfect way to help students learn more about wind, or lack of it.
Kites provide an excellent vehicle for a multi-cultural community or school event.
Kites rank among the most efficient wind masters in the bird kingdom.
Kites remain an inexpensive way to get overhead shots of archeological sites.
Kites rise highest against the wind.
All kites are brand new, never flown, complete with instructions and carry-bag.
All kites come with kite, pump, bladder repair kit, instructional video, control bar and bag.
All kites feature sturdy sitka spruce airframes, key plastic pieces and preprinted silkspan.
All kites have a serial number, giving month, year and consecutive number of the kite.
Any Kites Be sure to visit the Summer page in our Seasonal section for kite activities.
Every kite features beautiful attention to detail with hand sewn craftsmanship.
Many kites terminate the bridles with knotted loops of line instead of swivels.
Most kites also have a tail.
Most kites are available for shipment outside of the United States.
Most kites have two spars a vertical spar and a horizontal spar.
Most kites make a very loud noise.
Most kites use thin sheet material for their sails.
Some kites are highly maneuverable and some kites are very stable.
Some kites depict the interwinings of life and death, the struggles of gods and humans.
Some kites exceed size restrictions for shipment to certain countries.
Some kites generate tremendous pull, even in moderate winds.
Kitten classes are for cats between four-eight months.
Kitten food has a higher protein content than adult cat food and is therefore more suitable.
Kitten food is just for puppies.
Kitten food is richer in nutrients and contains more calcium, both important to a pregnant female.
Kitten foods are available in dry and canned formulations.
Kitten formula is also for use with rabbits.
Kitten formula is known to cause bottle babies to become constipated.
Kitten life is nothing but excitement.
Some kitten milk causes problems.
Kitten requests are on an availability basis and there is no waiting list maintained.
Kitten season is the period when births peak.
Kitten size is only available in clear.
A kitten is a young mammal
Kitten isa animal.
Kitten isa beast.
Kitten isa creature.
Kittens accompany mothers.
Kittens adore batting at ribbons swung from a long stick, while most puppies enjoy chasing balls.
Kittens are adorable but they do grow out of that stage.
Kittens are adorable, but hard work, requiring a lot of time and patience for at least a year.
Kittens are adorable, but they have disadvantages.
Kittens are adorable, home raised beauties, with personality plus.
Kittens are always spotless and content.
Kittens are animals.
Kittens are at highest risk.
Kittens are available for adoption now.
Kittens are available often, specializing in browns, blues, smokes, creams, and reds.
Kittens are available often.
Kittens are available to select homes only.
Kittens are babies too.
Kittens are both blind and deaf when born but otherwise well developed.
Kittens are bundles of energy and require constant attention.
Kittens are cats.
Kittens are curious and require lots of stimulation.
Kittens are curious by nature.
Kittens are delicate and can be injured by a child's overly tight hug.
Kittens are dependent on their mother for five to six months.
Kittens are easiest to teach.
Kittens are easy potty trainers.
Kittens are evolved from cats.
Kittens are extremely impressionable.
Kittens are gray and fully spotted with mostly black limbs.
Kittens are hilarious, playful, full of delightful high-jinx.
Kittens are home raised with family.
Kittens are little bundles of energy.
Kittens are located in alleys.
Kittens are located in apartments.
Kittens are located in arms.
Kittens are located in backyards.
Kittens are located in beds.
Kittens are located in big houses.
Kittens are located in books.
Kittens are located in boots.
Kittens are located in bushs.
Kittens are located in cages.
Kittens are located in calendars.
Kittens are located in cardboard boxs.
Kittens are located in cartoons.
Kittens are located in cats.
Kittens are located in closets.
Kittens are located in couchs.
Kittens are located in fairgrounds.
Kittens are located in farmhouses.
Kittens are located in farms.
Kittens are located in floors.
Kittens are located in gardens.
Kittens are located in grass.
Kittens are located in hampers.
Kittens are located in happy homes.
Kittens are located in houses.
Kittens are located in humane societies.
Kittens are located in kitchens.
Kittens are located in laps.
Kittens are located in living rooms.
Kittens are located in paper bags.
Kittens are located in poker games.
Kittens are located in rooms.
Kittens are located in shelter.
Kittens are located in shoeboxs.
Kittens are located in shoes.
Kittens are located in story books.
Kittens are located in sunshine.
Kittens are located in tables.
Kittens are located in tubs.
Kittens are located in windows.
Kittens are located in yards.
Kittens are located in zoos.
Kittens are made of flesh.
Kittens are marvellous.
Kittens are much more suceptible then adult cats to all respiratory diseases.
Kittens are notorious for finding and eating thread.
Kittens are occationally available.
Kittens are out due to allergies.
Kittens are parasite free and current on shots.
Kittens are particularly susceptible.
Kittens are playful.
Kittens are probably most vulnerable to fire.
Kittens are quite slow to accept solids.
Kittens are sensitive to disease and infection.
Kittens are smalls.
Kittens are so cute.
Kittens are soft and fuzzy.
Kittens are sometimes available to loving homes.
Kittens are usually available.
Kittens are usually quite friendly and playful with other cats and their human family.
Kittens are usually well-hidden.
Kittens are young animals.
Kittens are young mammals.
Kittens begin dreaming at just over one week old.
Kittens begin their socialization phase.
Kittens begin to dig or rake in any loose matter they encounter.
Kittens begin to eat solid food.
Kittens begin to play when they are about four weeks old.
Kittens begin to see well and their eyes begin to look and function like adult cats' eyes.
Kittens benefit from positive socialization experiences in the early weeks of their lives.
Kittens catch mice.
Kittens come from a loving home and are used to being played with and handled by young children.
Kittens come in many ages, sizes and breeds or mixes.
Kittens communicate in many different ways.
Kittens continue to grow and play, becoming bolder and more confident every day.
Kittens dehydrate very quickly.
Kittens depend on the early milk, known as colostrum, for protection against serious infections.
Kittens develop a preference for which teat they nurse from within days of birth.
Kittens develop very quickly from about two weeks of age until their seventh week.
Kittens die from cold and hypothermia before starvation.
Kittens die in utero because of a failure to develop past the umbilical cord.
Kittens display behavior.
Kittens display similar behavior.
Kittens drink milk.
Kittens eat food.
Kittens eat more solid food.
Kittens eat solid food.
Kittens enjoy toys.
Kittens especially tend to ingest a lot of litter when they are first learning to use the box.
Kittens find dental floss very attractive and it is hazardous if swallowed.
Kittens follow mothers.
Kittens gain much weight.
Kittens gain weight.
Kittens get antibodies to many diseases, in the mother's milk.
Kittens get passive immunity to illness from the mother s milk.
Kittens go to homes.
Kittens go to new homes.
Kittens gobble up the lot.
Kittens grow into adult cats.
Kittens grow into angry cats.
Kittens grow into cats.
Kittens grow into healthy cats.
Kittens has-part tails.
Kittens has-part teeth.
Kittens have (part) brains.
Kittens have (part) cell membranes.
Kittens have (part) cells.
Kittens have (part) corpi.
Kittens have (part) cytoplasm.
Kittens have (part) ears.
Kittens have (part) faces.
Kittens have (part) heads.
Kittens have (part) nuclei.
Kittens have (part) plasma membranes.
Kittens have (part) sections.
Kittens have (part) skulls.
Kittens have (part) vacuoles.
Kittens have baby teeth which are replaced by permanent fangs at around seven months of age.
Kittens have blue eyes.
Kittens have coats.
Kittens have eyes.
Kittens have four toes on their front feet and five on back feet.
Kittens have fur.
Kittens have high caloric requirements because of their high energy level.
Kittens have lots of energy to burn.
Kittens have noses.
Kittens have runny noses.
Kittens have senses.
Kittens have sharp teeth and strong jaws for a reason.
Kittens have sore eyes.
Kittens have spots and are blind at birth.
Kittens have stomachs.
Kittens have teeth.
Kittens have very sharp toenails.
Kittens increase intake.
Kittens learn from mothers, littermates and their surroundings.
Kittens learn from the example set by their mothers.
Kittens learn hunting skills through play and exploration, and by watching their mother.
Kittens like to play and jump when they are around two months old.
Kittens look like cats, puppies look like dogs, etc.
Kittens look like cats.
Kittens look like domestic cats.
Kittens love to play with flies.
Kittens make delightful gifts'.
Kittens make excellent companions for people of all ages.
Kittens make music.
Kittens may have fathers.
Kittens need attention.
Kittens need food.
Kittens need milk.
Kittens nurse for months.
Kittens nursing on a queen is important to both the kittens and the queen.
Kittens open eyes.
Kittens practice hunting by playing.
Kittens reach adulthood.
Kittens reach ages.
Kittens reach certain ages.
Kittens reach independence between seven and ten months of age.
Kittens reach maturity.
Kittens reach sexual maturity.
Kittens receive protective antibodies from their mother's milk.
Kittens rely on mothers.
Kittens remain with mothers.
Kittens remain with their mother for another year, improving their hunting skills.
Kittens reproduce the motions of attacking and killing a small animal.
Kittens require a high-calorie diet that contains more protein than the diet of adult cats.
Kittens require extra feeding.
Kittens resemble cats.
Kittens resemble domestic cats.
Kittens scratch indiscriminately when they are young.
Kittens seem to be at the highest risk for harboring the virus.
Kittens show behaviour.
Kittens show responses.
Kittens stalk one another as make-believe enemies and have sham battles.
Kittens start hunting with their mother around five months of age.
Kittens start stalking prey.
Kittens start to eat solid foods from about three weeks and are fully weaned at about eight weeks.
Kittens stay with mothers.
Kittens survive into adulthood.
Kittens survive to adulthood.
Kittens take solid food within two months.
Kittens tend to ingest a lot of litter when first introduced to the box.
Kittens to eat food.
Kittens to eat solid food.
Kittens use it to communicate quietly with their mothers while they're nursing.
Kittens use multiple objects as prey items when they play.
Kittens weigh ounces.
Kittens weigh pounds.
Kittens will have spots.
Kittens always look like small cats.
All kittens are black.
All kittens are cute.
All kittens are home reared, fully vaccinated and registered.
All kittens are well suited to be pets.
All kittens become members of our household and easily adapt to their new homes.
All kittens can benefit from frequent brushing and the social interaction as well.
All kittens come with a full health guarantee, and a loving disposition.
All kittens come with a health guarantee and first set of shots.
All kittens go through a stage where toys are much more fun than people.
All kittens have a normal instinct for hunting and pouncing.
All kittens have blue eyes.
All kittens have veterinary health checks and health guarantees.
All kittens look alike.
All kittens remain in the program until they are adopted out.
All kittens sold after that time are.
All kittens sold are eligible for registration.
Every kitten born means one less home for a cat.
Every kitten is seen by a vet and is health guaranteed.
Many kittens are at our shelters because they have no where else to turn.
Many kittens learn housetraining from their mother.
Most kittens are cute and playful.
Most kittens are evolved from cats.
Most kittens are free.
Most kittens are placed in their new homes at the age of twelve to sixteen weeks.
Most kittens are very playful and energetic.
Most kittens display similar behavior.
Most kittens do well at regulating their calorie intake, so it is okay if fed free choice.
Most kittens drink milk.
Most kittens eat food.
Most kittens eat more solid food.
Most kittens eat solid food.
Most kittens enjoy toys.
Most kittens follow mothers.
Most kittens gain much weight.
Most kittens gain weight.
Most kittens go to homes.
Most kittens go to new homes.
Most kittens grow into adult cats.
Most kittens grow into angry cats.
Most kittens grow into cats.
Most kittens grow into healthy cats.
Most kittens has-part teeth.
Most kittens have blue eyes.
Most kittens have coats.
Most kittens have eyes.
Most kittens have noses.
Most kittens have runny noses.
Most kittens have senses.
Most kittens have sore eyes.
Most kittens have teeth.
Most kittens look like cats.
Most kittens look like domestic cats.
Most kittens reach adulthood.
Most kittens reach ages.
Most kittens reach certain ages.
Most kittens reach maturity.
Most kittens reach sexual maturity.
Most kittens receive a hostile reception from other household pets, especially from another cat.
Most kittens rely on mothers.
Most kittens remain with mothers.
Most kittens resemble domestic cats.
Most kittens show behaviour.
Most kittens show responses.
Most kittens stay with mothers.
Most kittens survive into adulthood.
Most kittens survive to adulthood.
Most kittens take over and successfully use the box.
Most kittens thrive on good quality, commercial cat foods.
Most kittens weigh ounces.
Most kittens weigh pounds.
Some kittens are better at learning to be on their own than others are.
Some kittens become mothers.
Some Kittens Can Fly.
Some kittens continue to initiate nursing bouts long after they are physically weaned.
Some kittens die before winter.
Some kittens die of starvation.
Some kittens eat four or five times a day.
Some kittens eat meat.
Some kittens emerge from burrows.
Some kittens have black spots.
Some kittens have diarrhea.
Some kittens have illnesses.
Some kittens have ocelots.
Some kittens have problems.
Some kittens have reddish spots.
Some kittens have spots.
Some kittens kill prey.
Some kittens like to play with a linear object like string.
Some kittens live on tops.
Some kittens look for homes.
Some kittens perform jobs.
Some kittens prefer to nurse standing on their hind legs while holding the bottle.
Some kittens receive protection.
Some kittens receive treatments.
Some kittens sit in cages.
Some kittens survive to breed and start colonies of free roaming cats.
Some kittens survive to breed and start colonies of free-roaming cats.
Some kittens use boxes.
Some kittens use litter boxes.
Kittiwake colonies are noisy and unmistakable.
A kittiwake is a seagull
Kittiwake isa gull.
Kittiwake isa seagull.
Kittiwakes are animals.
Kittiwakes are birds.
Kittiwakes are gulls.
Kittiwakes are markedly down on their previous high.
Kittiwakes are seabirds.
Kittiwakes are small gulls which forage over marine waters in search of small surface organisms.
Kittiwakes are small gulls which search the water's surface for small surface organisms.
Kittiwakes have (part) air sacs.
Kittiwakes have (part) bird's feet.
Kittiwakes have (part) brains.
Kittiwakes have (part) breasts.
Kittiwakes have (part) cell membranes.
Kittiwakes have (part) cells.
Kittiwakes have (part) chest cavities.
Kittiwakes have (part) chests.
Kittiwakes have (part) corpi.
Kittiwakes have (part) cytoplasm.
Kittiwakes have (part) ears.
Kittiwakes have (part) faces.
Kittiwakes have (part) flight feathers.
Kittiwakes have (part) heads.
Kittiwakes have (part) lips.
Kittiwakes have (part) mouths.
Kittiwakes have (part) nuclei.
Kittiwakes have (part) plasma membranes.
Kittiwakes have (part) quill feathers.
Kittiwakes have (part) rib cages.
Kittiwakes have (part) second joints.
Kittiwakes have (part) sections.
Kittiwakes have (part) skulls.
Kittiwakes have (part) sterna.
Kittiwakes have (part) talons.
Kittiwakes have (part) vacuoles.
Kittiwakes have (part) wishbones.
Kittiwakes have appetite.
Kittiwakes have expectancy.
Kittiwakes have healthy appetite.
Kittiwakes have life expectancy.
Kittiwakes have siblings.
Kittiwakes have territory.
Kittiwakes inhabit regions.
Kittiwakes nest on ledges on high cliffs along northern seas.
Kittiwakes scold and chastise each other from their nests on a cliff face.
Kittiwakes strategically reduce investment in replacement clutches.
Most kittiwakes have expectancy.
Most kittiwakes have healthy appetite.
Most kittiwakes have life expectancy.
Most kittiwakes have siblings.
Most kittiwakes have territory.
Some kittiwakes have distribution.
Some kittiwakes have necks.
Some kittiwakes have widespread distribution.
Kitty cats dare to be themselves.
A kitty is a bet
Kitties are awfully cute when they do that.
Kitties are brave little creatures.
Kitties are cool.
Kitties are cuter.
Kitties are domestic cats.
Kitties are funny guys.
Kitties are hopping around begging for attention, there's the phone, and the doorbell.
Kitties are located in beds.
Kitties are nice.
Kitties are soft.
Kitties clean out the microwave when they use it.
Kitties get hungry often .
Kitties have (part) brains.
Kitties have (part) cell membranes.
Kitties have (part) cells.
Kitties have (part) corpi.
Kitties have (part) cytoplasm.
Kitties have (part) ears.
Kitties have (part) faces.
Kitties have (part) heads.
Kitties have (part) nuclei.
Kitties have (part) plasma membranes.
Kitties have (part) sections.
Kitties have (part) skulls.
Kitties have (part) vacuoles.
Kitties have litter box problems because something else is wrong.
Kitties have paws.
Kitties like to have the option of stretching out and lounging.
Kitties love small, dark, enclosed places to nap in, especially if it's warm.
Kitties naturally get active in the evenings anyway.
Kitties need homes.
Kitties never volunteer to make dinner, then forget.
Kitties say mee-ow.
Kitty isa animal.
Kitty isa beast.
Kitty isa creature.
All kitties play rough, though, whether they are boys or girls or neuters.
Many kitties bite when they get very excited, no matter what is causing the excitement.
Some kitties have a hard time using a scratching post for the first time.
Some kitties have pneumonia.
Some kitties live in bays.
Kiva chief emerges to confront Soyok'Wuhti.
Kiwi birds are a species of flightless birds that are native to New Zealand.
Kiwi birds are found in deep forests, woods, river lands and in bushy plains of New Zealand.
Kiwi birds are shy and timid by nature and prefers to stay away from human habitat.
Kiwi birds are unique because they have nostrils on the edge of their bill, and find food by scent.
Kiwi birds burrow and try to escape from reality.
Kiwi birds have nothing to do with kiwi fruit.
Kiwi birds inhabit areas.
Kiwi chicks survive to adulthood.
KIWI formula frees hair of daily build-up, normalizes hair and scalp, and adds translucent shine.
Kiwi fruit contains natural AHAs and anti-inflammatory properties.
Kiwi fruit displays chlorophyll fluorescence.
Kiwi fruit has benefits.
Kiwi fruit has health benefits.
Kiwi fruit has significant benefits.
Kiwi fruit has significant health benefits.
Kiwi fruit helps in passing on the important vitamins which a pregnant woman takes onto the child .
Kiwi fruit is edible fruit
Kiwi fruit is part of kiwi.
Kiwi fruits are ripe when just slightly soft to touch.
Most kiwi fruit has benefits.
Most kiwi fruit has health benefits.
Most kiwi fruit has significant benefits.
Most kiwi fruit has significant health benefits.
Most kiwi fruit is part of kiwi.
Kiwi reproduction is stranger still.
Kiwi acts like a boy.
Kiwi contains flavonoids that protect our cells.
Kiwi faces threat from marijuana growing.
Kiwi has (part) cell membranes.
Kiwi has (part) cells.
Kiwi has (part) corpi.
Kiwi has (part) cytoplasm.
Kiwi has (part) kiwi fruit.
Kiwi has (part) nuclei.
Kiwi has (part) peels.
Kiwi has (part) plasma membranes.
Kiwi has (part) sections.
Kiwi has (part) vacuoles.
Kiwi has beaks.
Kiwi has features.
Kiwi has fructose.
Kiwi is a bird
Kiwi is animals.
Kiwi is berries.
Kiwi is birds.
Kiwi is edible fruit.
Kiwi is fruit.
Kiwi is inhabitants.
Kiwi is located in markets.
Kiwi is ratites.
Kiwi isa vine.
Kiwi live in pairs, as couples, all their lives.
Kiwi lives in dens.
Kiwi reaches maturity.
Kiwi reaches sexual maturity.
Kiwi snap their bill when they are alarmed or when they are being aggressive.
Most kiwi has beaks.
Most kiwi has features.
Most kiwi has fructose.
Most kiwi reaches maturity.
Most kiwi reaches sexual maturity.
Some kiwi develops strategies.
Some kiwi has ancestors.
Some kiwi has characteristics.
Some kiwi has common ancestors.
Some kiwi has distinction.
Some kiwi has sterna.
Some kiwi has wings.
Some kiwi lives in diverse habitats.
Some kiwi lives in habitats.
Some kiwi occupies dens.
KKKristian scientist is more like it.
A klaxon is a horn
Klaxons sound to evacuate the burning floor, the floors above and below, as well as the lobby.
Kleinian theory is still influential as a distinctive strain of psychoanalytic theory.
A kleptomania is a mania
Kleptomania is rare overall, but more common in females than in males.
Klinic volunteers come from all walks of life.
KLRC listeners come from all around the world.
KLRC members share ideas, experience and enthusiasm for building robots.
A klutz is a person
Any klutz can now measure and cut molding and cove decorations.
A klystron is a tube
Klystrons modulate the velocities of emitted electrons.
Most klystrons have to be actively cooled by refrigerated water or other means.
Km isa unit.
A knack is talent
Knacks come only from hands-on experience with the job.
A knacker is a wrecker
Knackers salvage many products of value, such as hides and any meat suitable for pet food.
A knapsack is a bag
Knapsacks are baggage.
Knapsacks are more common.
Knapsacks make great diaper bags.
Knapsacks resemble a traveling student.
A knapweed is a centaury
Knapweed tends to be a long-lived biennial plant producing seeds for two or more years.
Knapweed tends to dominate sites at the expense of community diversity or forage production.
Knapweeds also are poisonous to horses causing chewing disease of which there is no cure.
Knapweeds are a highly competitive plant, threatening many desirable forage species.
Knapweeds have little nutritive value and possess a high amount of fiber.
Most knapweeds produce chemicals that inhibit growth of surrounding vegetation.
A knave is a court card
Knaves are base and shameful, and whatever they say is false.
Knaves never tell the truth any sentence uttered by a knave is false.
KNEA policy is set by delegates.
Kneaded butter is a mixture of butter and flour in equal proportions.
Kneaded erasers are cheap and nice to have for all drawing projects.
Knee arthroscopy is performed either under general or local anesthesia.
Knee arthroscopy is used basically in three ways.
Knee arthroscopy provides an ever increasing role in the management of knee disorders.
A knee brace is a brace
Knee braces are braces.
Knee braces can offer protection but can cause muscle atrophy if overused.
Some knee braces cost hundreds of dollars.
Knee flexion Note that the legs move as if they where rigid.
Knee injuries abound for female athletes.
Knee injuries are also common in skiing accidents.
Knee injuries are bad news.
Knee injuries are common in soccer.
Knee injuries are currently uncommon in snowboarders except when they hit a tree.
Knee injuries are extremely common.
Knee injuries are on the increase in the UK, especially among women.
Knee injuries are one of the most common causes of footballers having to retire early.
Knee injuries are one of the most frequent injuries to athletes, including professional athletes.
Knee injuries are the most common serious injury in major sports.
Knee injuries are tricky, especially for the pivoting a corner guy has to do in the field.
Knee injuries are very common in sports as well as daily activities.
Knee injuries can mean the end of an athlete s season.
Knee injuries can occur with basketball, soccer or snowboarding as well as many other sports.
Knee injuries comprise about twenty percent of injuries sustained in the sport.
Many knee injuries require elective surgery to reconstruct the knee for optimum function.
Most knee injuries occur from bending and twisting the knee at the same time.
A knee joint is a diarthrosis
Knee joints are particularly susceptible to overuse injuries.
Knee length is desirable.
Knee ligaments act to stabilize the knee.
Knee osteoarthritis is more common in African-American women than Whites.
Knee osteoarthritis is twice as common in women as it is in men.
A knee pad is a clothing
Knee pads are a really good idea to prevent rug burns.
Knee pads are a sensible way to save skin and prevent more-serious tendon or ligament problems.
Knee pads are definitely good to prevent bruising.
Knee pads are optional but recommended.
Knee pads are sports equipment.
Knee pads can be very helpful.
Knee pads can help prevent knee injuries.
Knee pads look the part but are overstated.
Knee pain can also come on gradually from overuse of the joint.
Knee pain is a fairly common complaint.
Knee pain is accompanied by fever.
Knee pain is caused by many of the same factors.
Knee pain is the most common sports-related complaint.
Knee problems are likewise less responsive to the hands on treatment than to acupuncture.
Knee problems seem to be epidemic among Australian males.
Some knee problems require expensive surgery.
Some knee problems require surgery.
Some knee problems result from incorrect placement of shoe cleats.
Some knee problems result from wear of parts of the knee, such as occurs in osteoarthritis.
Knee replacement is especially dangerous due to the invasiveness of the procedure.
Knee socks work well, and tights are good in the winter.
Every knee sprain is different.
Knee tarantulas have abdomens.
A knee is a diarthrosis
Knee calls the review panel the eyes, ears and voice of the community.
Knee comes directly up to waist level as hands press down on either side of knee.
Knee feels good.
Knee hang with a single knee.
Knee is even with the edge of the big toe.
Knee is stable to exam.
Knee is straight over the ankle.
Knee isa joint.
Knee learnt under a telephone consequently mend bmw wagon.
Knee ligaments Four ligaments support and guide the knee.
Knee needs to be straight to fit prothesis and function properly.
Knee relieve underneath a garden hose.
Knee requires arthroscopic drainage and irrigation.
Knee shaking, nail biting, pen twirling are no-no's during the interview.
Knee sprains and ankle sprains are very common soccer injuries.
Knee sprains and strains are also common in aerobic dance.
Knee sprains and strains are common.
Knee sprains can occur by wrenching or twisting or by a violent blow.
Knee still hurts from running the bases.
Knee wake like all heart also charged structural engineering.
Knees also benefit from improved technology.
Knees also wear out from years of weight bearing.
Knees are a major concern.
Knees are a part of the root system that rises above the water.
Knees are about like ankles.
Knees are all right so far.
Knees are another area prone to rowing injuries.
Knees are bent and abdominals are tight.
Knees are bent and feet are flat on the floor.
Knees are bent, leaving about a fist's width between each other.
Knees are bent.
Knees are comfortably bent.
Knees are especially vulnerable, as they take a lot of stress from high impact activity.
Knees are firmly secured with fixed position knee pads.
Knees are hinge joints.
Knees are joints.
Knees are located in desks.
Knees are located in tables.
Knees are most common site.
Knees are part of legs.
Knees are probably the most delicate and necessary joint in athletic activity.
Knees are roughly three fists apart, toes touch in back.
Knees are slightly bent and feet are stationary.
Knees are slightly bent and ft are close to the ground.
Knees are slightly bent, pelvis and back relaxed .
Knees are slightly bent, with feet hip width apart.
Knees are soft.
Knees are the most vulnerable joints in the body.
Knees are the third-most common sports injuries.
Knees are vital to many activities, yet they are one of the most unprotected joints in the body.
Knees becomes enlarges, lameness, weight wasting, hard udder.
Knees begin knocking together.
Knees bend back, full wings flap, gently, against cool leaves.
Knees bend in ways that defy their design.
Knees bend slightly to absorb force on landing.
Knees bend when arms start to move down.
Knees buckle, banks default, IPOs come to a halt.
Knees can bend, but arms stiff at sides.
Knees can really take a pounding on hikes.
Knees click hard.
Knees come up to the level of the hips.
Knees drop second.
Knees follow the toes.
Knees get rubbery.
Knees have (part) bone cells.
Knees have (part) corpi.
Knees have (part) ground substances.
Knees have (part) hip sockets.
Knees have (part) lobes.
Knees have (part) marrow.
Knees have (part) mast cells.
Knees have (part) vena genus.
Knees have characteristics.
Knees have critical characteristics.
Knees move in straight lines up and down above the toes, like pistons.
Knees raise, feet fall back into the mush and more grapes are crushed.
Knees release and relax.
Knees remain slightly bent.
Knees remain slightly flexed.
Knees represent support in our lives.
Knees rise, sheetslopes form.
Knees start loosening up.
Knees start to go downhill for several reasons.
Knees stay bent at all times.
Knees still click, legs a little swingy.
Knees work OK, few pink pricks at ankles and feet.
Most knees have characteristics.
Most knees have critical characteristics.
Some knees are part of bodies.
Some knees are part of legs.
Some knees bury in mud.
Some knees get desert sand.
Some knees get hot desert sand.
Some knees get hot sand.
Some knees get sand.
A kneecap is a bone
Kneecaps are ticklish.
Most kneeling shooters wear knee pads for obvious reasons.
Knickerbocker recreates teddy bears from original designs done by renown teddy bear artists.
A knickknack is an object
Knickknacks adorn built-in shelves.
Knickknacks belong on shelves away from the desktop.
Kniest dysplasia is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner.
Some knife blades are part of knives.
Some knife blades are part of penknifes.
Some knife edges are part of axes.
Some knife edges are part of blades.
Some knife edges are part of chisels.
Some knife edges are part of cutlasses.
Some knife edges are part of knives.
Some knife edges are part of mowers.
Some knife edges are part of penknifes.
Some knife edges are part of razors.
Some knife edges are part of scimitars.
Some knife edges are part of shavers.
Some knife edges are part of sickles.
Some knife edges are part of spatulas.
Some knife edges are part of swords.
Knife fish have dorsal fins.
Knife fish have fins.
Most knife fish have fins.
Many knife makers make a wonderful knife and a lousy sheath.
Many knife makers produce wonderful examples of their craft.
Many knife makers use different methods to achieve specific end results.
Some knife makers use the water cooling method.
A knife is an edge tool
Knife isa cutlery.
Knifes are bands.
Knifes are capable of cuts.
Knifes are capable of hurt.
Knifes are capable of kill.
Knifes are located in backpacks.
Knifes are located in backs.
Knifes are located in drawers.
Knifes are located in fishing boats.
Knifes are located in kitchens.
Knifes are located in plates.
Knifes are located in pockets.
Knifes are located in sheaths.
Knifes are located in stores.
Knifes are located in tables.
Knifes are located in war.
Knifes are made of steel.
Knifes are tools.
Knifes are used for bonings.
Knifes are used for breaking.
Knifes are used for butchering.
Knifes are used for butters.
Knifes are used for carving.
Knifes are used for cooks.
Knifes are used for corings.
Knifes are used for cuts.
Knifes are used for cuttings.
Knifes are used for diggings.
Knifes are used for dividings.
Knifes are used for engravings.
Knifes are used for fighting.
Knifes are used for hackings.
Knifes are used for killing.
Knifes are used for notchings.
Knifes are used for openings.
Knifes are used for parting.
Knifes are used for peeling.
Knifes are used for piercings.
Knifes are used for ripping.
Knifes are used for scoring.
Knifes are used for scrapings.
Knifes are used for scratchings.
Knifes are used for separatings.
Knifes are used for slashings.
Knifes are used for slicings.
Knifes are used for slittings.
Knifes are used for splittings.
Knifes are used for spreading.
Knifes are used for trimming.
Knifes are used for woundings.
Knifes are weapons.
Knifes have sharp edges.
Knives also have a razor-sharp edge and are up to three and a half inches long.
Knives are a chef's most essential tool.
Knives are a difficult subject.
Knives are a great representation of a regions culture.
Knives are a rather complex method of smoking dope, but also a very powerful and efficient method.
Knives are all metal with a black finish and are double edged.
Knives are among man's oldest tools and an essential tool even today.
Knives are arms.
Knives are at the right of the napkin, always two, a large and a small one.
Knives are available in many styles including straight, diagonal, zigzag, pointed, and scalloped.
Knives are better than scissors for some uses .
Knives are better than scissors for some uses.
Knives are correct for the job.
Knives are custom ground on site.
Knives are fun.
Knives are ground exact and are hollow ground.
Knives are illegal tools for the harvesting of abalone.
Knives are important tools and male costume accessories in all three areas.
Knives are indeed tools.
Knives are more frequently the source of disabling injuries than any other hand tool.
Knives are reversible and replaceable.
Knives are sharp, a harsh lesson to learn three years after puberty.
Knives are sharp, bowling balls are heavy, bullets cause puncture wounds in the flesh.
Knives are sharp.
Knives are sharpened in various ways.
Knives are the best and most ancient tools that had been invented by mankind.
Knives are the most important of all kitchens utensils.
Knives are the worst, they fly off handles, chip or break.
Knives are tools, again.
Knives are tools.
Knives are unsheathed and a quick scrape of the protuberance reveals it to be made of bronze.
Knives are usually much more affordable if purchased as a set.
Knives be Calendar thru an music beyond no place.
Knives begin Buyers into a humor across any temperature.
Knives can be both out of the way and easily accessible.
Knives can open envelopes, stir coffee, and cut meat.
Knives can represent some teens' violent experiences.
Knives change from a strong grip for slashing to a loose grip for throwing.
Knives change radially.
Knives claim onto many snake thus wind all-star game bats.
Knives come in many different sizes.
Knives come with removeable pocket clips.
Knives come with straight or curved blades, either smooth or serrated, for easier cutting.
Knives crash on chopping blocks.
Knives do the job quickly without creating dust.
Knives does Nail along ground upon whatever florida golf tee times still admit at a devil.
Knives does Nail along ground upon whatever golf component manufacturer still admit at a devil.
Knives does Nail along ground upon whatever inline skate parts still admit at a devil.
Knives flow by the reason because hid Golfclub spin inserts.
Knives fly with razor-sharp accuracy.
Knives glide effortlessly through food for clean, smooth cuts.
Knives go on the plate, blade facing in and touching the inside of the plate.
Knives have (part) knife blades.
Knives have (part) knife edges.
Knives have (part) sections.
Knives have surgical stainless blades and black handles.
Knives have surgical stainless steel blades and black composition handles.
Knives have their own specialties.
Knives have two cutting edges each.
Knives have two cutting edges for double cutting life.
Knives kill far more people in Canada than guns do.
Knives kill of some aquarium fish magazine.
Knives Learn to model a knife with the terrain editor and boolean operations.
Knives Look at the orderform on non-secure server.
Knives made of stainless steel are the easiest to care for.
Knives rank up there with pots and pans as the most important kitchen gear.
Knives require a safe storage place, and a knife block is perfect for storing knives.
Knives seem big and dangerous.
Knives seem to be more common.
Knives seem to have been around as long as human beings have been making tools.
Knives sharpen against it like stone.
Knives stick together.
Knives stored in a kitchen drawer can be very dangerous and also detrimental to the sharp edge.
Knives talk after one articles likewise strike men outdoor clothing.
Knives Throwing knives are fun to use, but even more so when they are laced with a deadly poison.
Knives truly make great gifts.
Knives vary depending on their provenance.
Knives vary depending upon use.
Knives vary dramatically.
Knives whisper Attention among all dollar across one nail.
All knives are by a premier Sheffield pocket knife manufacturing company using guaranteed steel.
All knives are custom made, and any knife can be replicated.
All knives are entirely handcrafted, and come with our lifetime guarantee.
All knives are new but do no longer correspond to our current design standards.
All knives are serial numbered.
All knives are stock removal and hollow ground and are the bolster-type exclusively.
All knives are stock removal and hollow ground.
All knives come with a hand sewn Nordic style cowhide sheath.
All knives come with a simple riveted leather sheath.
All knives feature full tang construction and come with a top grain cowhide belt sheath.
All knives have a lifetime guarantee to the original owner.
All knives listed are subject to availability at the time of the order.
All knives require sharpening after prolonged use.
All knives require sharpening occasionally after use.
All knives take a razor sharp edge and therefore slice relatively well overall.
Every knife comes with a beautiful laser engraved oak presentation box.
Every knife features a full tang and bolster with triple rivets.
Every knife features an expertly ground blade that tapers from handle to tip.
Every knife is a beautiful, one of a kind, hand-crafted, precision cutting instrument.
Every knife is on sale, online.
Every knife is pretty much one of a kind.
Every knife is unique.
Many knives have both.
Many knives use a tapered edge so they are easy to hone to a fine edge.
Most knives are different based on the individual figures.
Most knives fit perfectly.
Some knives are ceramic.
Some knives are impossible to put an edge on.
Some knives are too expensive and precious to use.
Some knives come in unique sheaths which address the issue of security in innovative ways.
Some knives have values.
Some knives have what is known as a granton edge.
Some knives kill goats.
Some knives kill sheep.
Knight anoles can inflict a painful bite if carelessly handled and aggravated.
Knight anoles grow too large to mix with green anoles.
A knight is a leader
Knight attests that vampyrism is often misconstrued through fictional Hollywood films.
Knight brings up the Punjab elephant trainers of northwest India and northern Pakistan.
Knight carry bag.
Knight declines but remains congenial.
Knight demonstrates blinding speed on the basepaths.
Knight deserves a good knock-out.
Knight deserves the time required to change the course.
Knight dies from cannonball.
Knight discusses three ways to use the dribble and three rules to follow when passing the ball.
Knight does it without question.
Knight dramatizes an ethical dilemma in the longer term.
Knight encourages school administrators and parents to report problems with kids.
Knight enjoys curling in the off-season.
Knight enjoys nearly universal recognition as both a basketball mastermind and an unparalleled jerk.
Knight explains with simple offensive tips and leads to specific movement and positioning.
Knight is further along, having been launched three months ago.
Knight is good.
Knight is smart enough to know there is another way.
Knight is stubborn though.
Knight isa leader.
Knight kills a dwarf and one strikes back to no effect.
Knight knows a lot about broken bones.
Knight knows that.
Knight looks at the tickets to Indonesia with a glazed smile.
Knight objects to the Proposal for several reasons.
Knight paints a grim picture of the prospects for moral traditionalists.
Knight plans to open a restaurant, wants to marry, and adopt children.
Knight recommends it.
Knight recruits eligible players by the rules as well.
Knight sells products at prices competitive with other manufacturers.
Knight specializes in professional ethics.
Knight talks about coaching opportunities.
Knight talks about the media.
Knight waits a tantalising moment, then gives that fatal gesture.
Knight yells at one player.
Knights also have an extra restriction.
Knights are able make continuing moves.
Knights are all-stars .
Knights are chess pieces.
Knights are chessmans.
Knights are either soldiers for the government or a guild.
Knights are embodiments of the oppressive structure of the Medieval caste system.
Knights are faithful without exception.
Knights are for killing.
Knights are glorious, ladies fair, kings are wise and good.
Knights are good with most kinds of weapons and armors.
Knights are honest and virtuous, and whatever they say is true.
Knights are horses.
Knights are like pack mules that are used on mountain trails.
Knights are located in castles.
Knights are located in chess sets.
Knights are located in chessboards.
Knights are located in fairy tales.
Knights are located in fields.
Knights are located in historical novels.
Knights are located in middle ages.
Knights are located in movies.
Knights are located in stories.
Knights are masterful, yet gentle, with their mighty war horses.
Knights are part of chess.
Knights are pieces.
Knights are soldiers.
Knights are totally immobile.
Knights are unusual chessmen because of the way they can move.
Knights are used for chess pieces.
Knights are used for chess.
Knights are very strong.
Knights are warriors who hold honor in the highest order.
Knights can also move as camels or zebras.
Knights can charge enemy artillery with less fear.
Knights can invade the gate square of an enemy castle.
Knights can make some double moves.
Knights can only move in an 'L' shape of two squares by one.
Knights discover dragons, ogres, and thieves in the woods.
Knights display courage and cameraderie in the face of frequent invasions.
Knights do battles.
Knights dominate once again.
Knights emerge and joust with automobiles and the students score the damage, or some such nonsense.
Knights enter melee, with the mages providing close support.
Knights expect huge crowd .
Knights fall in substate game.
Knights fight for the honor of themselves and their ladies.
Knights gather, riding sharp for cold.
Knights get and extra boost on the sides.
Knights guard the hallways here.
Knights have (part) arms.
Knights have (part) body substances.
Knights have (part) cell membranes.
Knights have (part) cells.
Knights have (part) corpi.
Knights have (part) cytoplasm.
Knights have (part) heads.
Knights have (part) human bodies.
Knights have (part) legs.
Knights have (part) material bodies.
Knights have (part) necks.
Knights have (part) nuclei.
Knights have (part) personality.
Knights have (part) plasma membranes.
Knights have (part) sections.
Knights have (part) vacuoles.
Knights have ability.
Knights have instinct.
Knights have interest, but Bulls show none.
Knights joust three times a day in the tournament arena.
Knights joust until one is despatched by the other.
Knights keep jumping around, while time is running out.
Knights kill the dragons, flying through crystal blue skies.
Knights leap over missing spaces.
Knights leave enemies.
Knights make playoffs From a funeral procession to a playoff position.
Knights move as in chess, but only to one of the two possible forward squares.
Knights move like Camels .
Knights playoff ticket packages and individual playoff tickets are also on sale now.
Knights point armed crossbows at an ogre and a donkey, and a man threatens a woman with a knife.
Knights practice about three hours a day before each show to maintain their skills.
Knights present in the diagram.
Knights pursue all save psiloi.
Knights receive different additional movement possibilities.
Knights seek men to join journey of faith .
Knights share their time and talents in a vigorous program of service.
Knights take in the same way as they move without taking.
Knights wear chainmail, nasalled helms and teardrop shields.
Knights wear suits.
Knights wear their assigned clan skins, similar to knight skin shown here .
Knights win opener.
Knights always carry their lady s kerchief when they go into battle.
Knights always protect the honor of their ladies, and never tarnish it.
Knights always tell the truth and knaves always lie.
Knights always tell the truth, and Knaves always lie.
Knights always tell the truth.
Knights sometimes ride in on white hearses.
Every knight is happy to propose eligible Catholic men for consideration as members .
Every knight is happy to propose eligible Catholic men for consideration as members.
More knights emerge from pews in the chapel.
Most knights do battles.
Most knights have ability.
Most knights have instinct.
Most knights leave enemies.
Most knights wear suits.
Some knights die in services.
Some knights engage in activities.
Some knights engage in various activities.
Some knights enjoy alcohol.
Some knights have different specialization.
Some knights have specialization.
Some knights lose weight.
Some knights ride heavy horses.
Some knights ride horses.
Some knights see women.
Some knights use dark magic.
Some knights use magic.
A kniphofia is a herb
Kniphofia typhoides is one of two species having scented dark brown or brownish maroon flowers.
A knit is cloth
Knits  purls.
Knits are also ideal.
Knits are back.
Knits are fabric.
Knits are important, either in cotton cardigans or tunic shapes.
Knits are motivated by the goal of clothing.
Knits are motivated by the goal of mittens.
Knits are motivated by the goal of sweaters.
Knits are needlework.
Knits are stretchy and hard to quilt through.
Knits are super.
Knits are versatile and can be seen in everything from the most casual wear to the dressiest.
Knits are very stretchy, but can be used.
Knits end with blocks.
Knits photograph well, as there are fewer wrinkles.
Knits provide better tensile strength, while woven roving delivers better stiffness and thickness.
Knits remain strong, especially as an addition for the less formal wardrobe.
Knits tend to snag.
Knits travel very well.
Knits travel well and resist wrinkles.
Knits often stretch in width and shrink in length.
All knits roll up, so as the growing pile sat on the sewing table they curled up.
Some knits are washable.
Knitted carpet is similar to woven in that pile and backing yarns are interlocked in one operation.
Knitted fabric is produced in the form of interlaced loops.
Knitted fabrics are porous, allowing air to circulate for a more comfortable night's sleep.
Knitted garments are the preferred fabrication for the meshes, shears, laces and opaque fabrics.
Knitted material has a tendency to contract or pucker causing distorted embroidery.
Knitted mesh keeps flat wire on edge for scraping.
A knitter is a maker
Knitter encourages students to start coming in now.
Knitter still follows that advice.
Knitters get a break here.
Knitters have every choice imaginable.
Knitters have special terms like knit and purl and yarn-over.
Knitters make squares in a pattern until they are ready to incorporate it into a project.
Knitters share their expertise, patterns, and experiences.
All knitters are welcome to join.
All knitters welcome.
Any knitter knows how hard it is to find good patterns for toddler sizes.
Many knitters prefer the wooden needles to either metal or plastic.
Knitting pattern is included.
Knittings  talk.
Knittings are crafts.
Knittings are forging.
Knittings are handicrafts.
Knittings are manufacturing.
Knittings are used for relaxation.
Knittings cause arthritis.
Knittings cause relaxation.
Knittings cause scarfs.
Knittings cause sweaters.
A knob is a projection
Knob isa handle.
Knobs allow quick height and depth adjustment.
Knobs are a definite plus, especially for adjusting overdrive, key click, and percussion.
Knobs are black aluminum.
Knobs are chrome.
Knobs are concave for balancing and chin rolls.
Knobs are decoration.
Knobs are fairly sturdy felling, but they can be pulled off.
Knobs are fine for brightness and contrast.
Knobs are handles.
Knobs are large and simple.
Knobs are less likely to be activated accidentally.
Knobs are located in control panels.
Knobs are located in doors.
Knobs are located in doorways.
Knobs are located in hardware stores.
Knobs are located in television.
Knobs are part of hilts.
Knobs are part of radios.
Knobs are probably small volcanoes and erosional remnants.
Knobs are projections.
Knobs are used for opening doors.
Knobs are used for pulling.
Knobs do get scratchy if it gets dusty.
Knobs emerge from waters dark with tannic acids.
Knobs even turn.
Knobs look and work just like analog instrument controls.
Knobs make it hard to ever repeat settings.
Knobs regulate the amount of lubricant that is supplied with each stroke of the pump.
Knobs tend to hang the lever up when seating the tire.
All knobs are heavy industrial grade for lifetime use.
All knobs ok.
Many knobs slide off using gentle pressure.
Knobbed bottom promotes aeration and drainage.
Knobbed feet are for chewing.
Knobbly fruit has flavour.
Knobby roots have crisp texture.
Knobby roots have texture.
Knock downs are close.
A knock is sound
Knock is a little town, but known worldwide.
Knock is in South East Mayo.
Knock is stoned while creeping about on rooftops by townspeople panicked about the plague.
Knock knock jokes, animal jokes, scary jokes, school jokes and lots more.
Knock knock jokes, riddles, brain teasers, silly stuff and other jokes for kids.
Knock knock knock knock knock.
Knock knock knock.
Knock knock knocking on heavens door.
Knock knock on the bathroom door.
Knocks are blows.
Knocks are bumps.
Knocks are criticism.
Knocks are misfortune.
Knocks are sound.
Knocks come quicker, building in intensity.
Knocks sound on the door.
Knocks whip away and catches top plate, still spinning, on finger.
Every knock is a boost.
A knockdown is a blow
Knockdown is blessed with the most inventive and complex transformation in the set.
Knockdowns can be acutely fatal as a consequence of respiratory paralysis and cellular anoxia.
Knockdowns look great.
A knocker is a device
Knockers are everywhere.
Knockferry lodge is well known in the angling community throughout Britain and the continent.
A knockoff is a copy
Knockoffs are affordable products that are inspired by latest fashion trends.
Knockoffs are copies.
Knockoffs are products inspired by today's hottest designers and fashion trends.
Knockoffs are products inspired by today's hottest fashion trends.
Knockout drums are needed to prevent liquid surges from entering gas compressors.
Knockout mice are invaluable for studying many aspects of physiology and development.
Knockout mice have many benefits.
Knockout mice succumb to various oxidative stress.
Knockout mouses are mouses.
Knockout pots are used to remove water and hydrocarbons from feed gas streams.
Knockout pots provided at process units remove liquids from fuel gas before burning.
Knockout races are a little more interesting.
Knockout is a blow
Knockouts require a smaller premium than a standard option.
Knockouts show that the gene is essential for the early stages of kidney and gonad formation.
A knoll is a hill
Knoll maintains it did nothing wrong but says it settled to avoid a long legal battle.
Knoll manufactures office furnishings dedicated to design excellence.
Knoll stands ready for a big pitch.
Knolls are hills.
Knopf archives reveal that they knew nothing about writers and writing.
Some knot theories have applications.
Some knot theories have practical applications.
A knot is a cluster
Knot isa bunch.
Knot isa clump.
Knot isa cluster.
Knots act as such a pivotal place.
Knots are a speed measurement that is nautical miles per hour.
Knots are a velvety olive-green color in the spring.
Knots are actually abstract mathematical objects that have many different scientific applications.
Knots are actually stuck muscle fibers that reduce flexibility within the muscle.
Knots are also a problem.
Knots are another source of localized grain deviation that can cause crook or bow.
Knots are back tied to guard against losing it all if one becomes chafed and cut.
Knots are bunchs.
Knots are common but generally small and tight. .
Knots are common but generally small and tight.
Knots are critical.
Knots are difficult to work with because they are topological objects.
Knots are elementary to fishing whether it's fly fishing, spinning, or bait.
Knots are fascinating.
Knots are fasteners.
Knots are fertility symbols.
Knots are films.
Knots are good system for occasional vertical caving as an adjunct to mostly horizontal caving.
Knots are hotter and voids are cooler than the surrounding clear wood.
Knots are important.
Knots are no problem for the cutterheads.
Knots are part of boards.
Knots are perfect for either dressing up or messing up the perfect look.
Knots are pure magic.
Knots are rates.
Knots are sandpipers.
Knots are sound and tight.
Knots are the bases of branches covered over by subsequent lateral growth of the tree trunk.
Knots are the bases of branches.
Knots are the bases of lost branches which have been covered in time by new annual rings.
Knots are the major characteristic encountered in New Zealand pine which affect quality and grade.
Knots are used for fasteners.
Knots are used for ties.
Knots are wood.
Knots can cause short circuits and shocks.
Knots can make the difference to a successfull trip.
Knots can save spelunkers from being buried under rock.
Knots can shift around.
Knots continue to expand in the following years until the branch is girdled and dies.
Knots eventually girdle affected branches, and tissue distal to the knot dies.
Knots form as the trunk grows outward, enveloping the base of the branches.
Knots form in the line.
Knots generally sound and tight.
Knots get tighter before a rain.
Knots give the curve freedom to bend to more closely follow the data.
Knots has different colors of knots being randomly created.
Knots have a tendency to bleed resin through paint finishes.
Knots have important role in navigating a ship.
Knots means nautical miles per hour.
Knots originate at the center of the tree.
Knots present a different problem.
Knots take forever to tie.
Knots tie easily and cinch up nicely without slipping.
Knots tie easily and cinch up nicely.
Knots tie easily and lock nicely into place, likely due to the polyurethane coating.
Knots tie easily and lock tightly, likely due to the texture.
Knots turn to diamond chips.
Knots Tying good knots quickly and effectively is essential to the full enjoyment of fly fishing.
Knots used for bass fishing Just as in casting, there are several knots used in bass fishing.
Knots weaken the rope in which they are made.
Knots weaken things.
Knots work well also but crimps leave less to tangle on during a cast.
Knots frequently have symmetries from different viewpoints.
All knots contain information, and knots made of knots contain information about information.
All knots have at least one antiparallel crossing for each represented sign.
All knots resist the initial indigo dye and only unknotted areas become blue.
All knots slip to some degree, regardless of the type of suture material.
Every knot has a fundamental quandle.
Every knot is a closed circular braid .
Many knots are relatives to each other.
Many knots require only two bridges, though.
More knots please.
Most knots look best in a dense cord.
Most knots show the best definition with a round cord.
Most knots slip before they fail.
Some knots are just too complex and maybe unsuitable to tie with handspun yarns.
Some knots are the same for training or service in different programs.
Some knots are used to bind or constrict objects.
Some knots work well to hold people as they climb .
Some knots work well to hold people as they climb.
Knotted leader is configured with weighted material hand-tied near the fly.
Knotted sisal adds preening fun.
Many knotty issues surround the creation of formal sanction systems.
A know is a knowing
Knows aim nicely.
Knows are knowing.
Knows excel, lotus and computer background.
Knows menu and features and is able to describe every item on the menu and respond to inquiries.
Knows obedience, is housebroken and crate trained.
Knows own left hand from right hand.
Knows own True Name.
Knows sit and down.
Knows sit, down and stay.
Knows sit, paw, heel- and probably more.
Knows sit, stay and lie down.
Know-how isa cognition.
Know-how isa knowledge.
Knowings speak in images Remembering comes . . . . .
Knowledgable consent is given to the scene by all parties.
Knowledgable dealers can be very helpful, using their inventories as examples.
Many knowledgable people sound stupid due to poor pronunication.
Any knowledgable physician knows how to do that.
Knowledgable professionals can improve the potential for business success.
Knowledge acquisition can be manual, such as abstracting patient data or reading literature reviews.
Knowledge acquisition involves restructuring as well as enriching existing conceptual structures.
Knowledge acquisition is an art .
Knowledge acquisition is as important as knowledge generation in innovation.
Knowledge acquisition is slow, and takes the form of initiation rather than training and extension.
Knowledge acquisition is the process of formalizing a person's conscious and subconscious knowledge.
Knowledge areas are broader than a standard course.
Knowledge assets are tangible information combined with human interaction.
A knowledge base is content
Knowledge base allows customers to solve their own problems.
Knowledge base is advanced degrees.
Knowledge base is experiential, focusing on achieving independence.
Knowledge base makes it easy to find answers.
Knowledge base reduces support cost and online ticket submission makes it easy to submit tickets.
Knowledge bases are bases.
Knowledge capital becomes obsolete when economic conditions change or key people leave.
Knowledge capital exists in two ways.
Knowledge capital is the critical asset.
Knowledge capital is the on-line brain trust representing a highly varied accumulation of expertise.
Knowledge creation involves shaping, reviewing and enriching knowledge.
Knowledge creation is a highly satisfying activity.
Knowledge creation is a popular concept today to describe even more general knowledge work.
Knowledge creation is also about creating and exploring metaphor.
Knowledge creation is fundamental in the new business environment.
Knowledge database sysetms.
Knowledge engineer can provide hints for decomposing inference process.
Knowledge engineers can interview experts and convert their techniques to expert systems.
Knowledge engineers try to build systems which 'represent' an expert's knowledge.
Knowledge environment facilitates discovery and insights.
Knowledge exchanges occur in real time, at the speed of light.
Knowledge gaps make it harder on everyone when a new CEO takes the helm.
Knowledge graphs are networks of concepts, with both concepts and links labeled.
Knowledge graphs are networks of concepts.
All knowledge levels welcome.
Knowledge management begins with effective management of information resources and their usage.
Knowledge management can be a very powerful tool for an organization.
Knowledge management can be as simple as getting the right information to the right people.
Knowledge management can help entrepreneurial companies grow in today's competitive global market.
Knowledge management can help.
Knowledge management can improve research and development, sales, and production.
Knowledge management can mean different things to different companies.
Knowledge management can turn experience and information into results.
Knowledge management concerns the capture, warehousing and interrogation of facts.
Knowledge management deals with a higher level human function.
Knowledge management encourages innovation and provides companies with a competitive edge.
Knowledge management encourages the answer to that question, as our panel of experts explains.
Knowledge management facilitates the creation and sharing of knowledge.
Knowledge management harnesses intellectual capital and knowledge assets.
Knowledge management means creating huge, unwieldy databases.
Knowledge management means having the right knowledge in the right place at the right time.
Knowledge management means implementing expensive technology.
Knowledge management means technologically driven process change.
Knowledge management needs different forms according to the possibility to code knowledge.
Knowledge management needs to be pervasive throughout the organization.
Knowledge management starts with electronic repositories for knowledge, but that's the easy part.
Knowledge management transforms paper and fax documents into e-business ready content.
Knowledge mapping helps to to achieve precisely that.
Knowledge mapping is a important practice consisting of survey, audit, and synthesis.
Knowledge mapping is far more than charting the paths of information objects.
Knowledge mapping is the most important and critical activity in knowledge management.
Knowledge markets are here to stay .
Knowledge model is very complex.
Knowledge networks can help provide the value that staff added with fewer of the costs.
Knowledge networks develop to maximize the sharing and the usefulness of knowledge.
Knowledge of languages is an asset, but there are no prerequisites.
Knowledge of languages is indispensable for the study of the region.
Knowledge production has many side-benefits.
Knowledge production involves stocks and flows of knowledge.
Knowledge production is a complex and time consuming process.
Knowledge production is a process of structuring, presenting, and reflecting knowledge elements.
Knowledge production is created as a function of dialogue.
Knowledge professionals prefer to be in charge of loading and unloading their own applications.
Knowledge representation affects the speed of learning.
Knowledge representation determines the readability of the concept description.
Knowledge representation is a major component of knowledge acquisition.
Knowledge representation is therefore an important aspect of the system.
Any knowledge representation is of little use without a means of knowledge acquisition.
Knowledge revolutions mean lifelong learning.
Knowledge sharing means a commitment to inform, translate and educate interested colleagues.
Knowledge space is friendly to knowledge.
Knowledge transfer is a key activity incorporated into all our projects.
Knowledge transfer is a key and integral part of all services engagements.
Knowledge transfer is a key source of that vital differentiation.
Knowledge transfer is always a primary consideration.
Knowledge transfer is an important part of the implementation process.
Knowledge transfer is implemented through different activities.
Knowledge transfer is implicitly a one-way action.
Knowledge transfer is relatively straightforward.
Knowledge transfer is very important to a successful engagement.
Knowledge transfer means ensuring that someone receives and uses the knowledge in question.
Knowledge transfer occurs most readily when class requirements most closely resemble life tasks.
Knowledge translations relate knowledge about objects to knowledge about their parts.
Knowledge work transcends many levels including the individual, group, and organization.
Knowledge workers can spend hours trying to find the right information.
Knowledge workers can use a digital dashboard no matter where they are.
Knowledge workers produce plans of action for an organization and also create intellectual capital.
Many knowledge workers have their work organized around project teams.
Most knowledge workers have a justifiable antipathy for bureaucracy.
Knowledge absorbs all the special talents the enemy possesses.
Knowledge accumulates with experience.
Knowledge ages rapidly.
Knowledge alone brings power.
Knowledge alone can be enough to designate a waste.
Knowledge alone can preserve and perfect human life.
Knowledge alone can remove ignorance.
Knowledge alone survives.
Knowledge answers questions with simple numbers.
Knowledge architectures for patient access to breast-cancer information.
Knowledge artefacts alone are of limited use.
Knowledge bases on information.
Knowledge bases upon evidence.
Knowledge bases upon observable evidence.
Knowledge benefits from contributions.
Knowledge cans have impact.
Knowledge catalyzes change.
Knowledge claims in science are tentative.
Knowledge claims without testable formulations.
Knowledge comes from experience.
Knowledge comes from observations.
Knowledge comes from personal experience.
Knowledge comes to light.
Knowledge compensates for lack of search.
Knowledge connotes intelligence, experience, insight, and expertise.
Knowledge consists of generalization.
Knowledge counts in large amounts.
Knowledge deals with the acquisition of information whereas wisdom deals with the application.
Knowledge derives from experience.
Knowledge derives from human experience.
Knowledge derives from observations.
Knowledge diffuses and redistributes power to the weaker actors.
Knowledge dovetails in the spirit world, each piece fitting with other pieces.
Knowledge downs only after the destruction of darkness.
Knowledge drives awareness.
Knowledge enables readers.
Knowledge equals information, extracted, filtered or formatted in some way.
Knowledge equals profit.
Knowledge equates to confidence, and confidence equates to unit cohesion.
Knowledge facilitates identification.
Knowledge facilitates richer experiences and opportunities.
Knowledge fades away as our minds wither in the aging process.
Knowledge gain in a problem-based surgery clerkship.
Knowledge gives insight.
Knowledge governs perspective.
Knowledge governs while riches are governed.
Knowledge happpens to be the most reliable.
Knowledge has relative uncertainty.
Knowledge has uncertainty.
Knowledge helps answers.
Knowledge helps children.
Knowledge helps development.
Knowledge helps doctors.
Knowledge helps information.
Knowledge hoarding only hinders company growth.
Knowledge identifies causes.
Knowledge improves ability.
Knowledge increases incrementally by building one element upon another.
Knowledge indeed is power.
Knowledge interacts with consciousness on two levels.
Knowledge is an entity
Knowledge is capable of open minds.
Knowledge is good things.
Knowledge is information.
Knowledge is located in books.
Knowledge is located in classes.
Knowledge is located in encyclopedias.
Knowledge is located in heads.
Knowledge is located in libraries.
Knowledge is located in meetings.
Knowledge is located in universities.
Knowledge is part of innovation.
Knowledge is part of understanding.
Knowledge is power.
Knowledge is understanding.
Knowledge is used for cuttings.
Knowledge isa entity.
Knowledge leads to conclusions.
Knowledge leads to development.
Knowledge leads to logical conclusions.
Knowledge leads to treatments.
Knowledge lessens fear and fear can hinder interaction.
Knowledge lessens fear.
Knowledge lives in people, while data and information reside in computers.
Knowledge making can follow routes unanticipated by the teacher.
Knowledge offers instruction.
Knowledge overcomes fear.
Knowledge passes away in love for knowledge is the folly of human minds and human hearts.
Knowledge provides awareness.
Knowledge provides insight.
Knowledge provides knowledge.
Knowledge provides valuable insight.
Knowledge pulls up, but love builds up.
Knowledge puts information in to perspective.
Knowledge reduces fear and confusion.
Knowledge relates to products.
Knowledge removes desire.
Knowledge requirements for automated inference of medical textbook markup.
Knowledge solves problems.
Knowledge spreads more easily as foreign companies introduce foreign technologies.
Knowledge springs only from empiricism.
Knowledge strengthens love, as well as faith.
Knowledge suggests scenarios.
Knowledge takes flight.
Knowledge takes time to experience and acquire.
Knowledge tends to reside only in the minds of individuals.
Knowledge tends to strengthen all who possess it.
Knowledge transfer from one biological vessel to another, be it biological or digital.
Knowledge transfer to our clients and empowering the end user is one of our core values.
Knowledge translates into confidence, and that translates into sales.
Knowledge translates to power.
Knowledge travels on language.
Knowledge works as a tool of power.
Knowledge yearns to be shared.
Knowledge yields a lifetime of increasing returns.
All knowledge accrues to the common good.
All knowledge begins in wonder.
All knowledge begins with experience.
All knowledge begins with frustration.
All knowledge begins with sense perception of concrete, particular, changeable, physical things.
All knowledge builds on past experience.
All knowledge comes either from observation or reason.
All knowledge comes from the senses.
All knowledge comes useful to the detective.
All knowledge conveys elements of power.
All knowledge demands a concept and a concept is always universal and serves as a rule.
All knowledge depends on hypotheses that account for the regular behavior of phenomena.
All knowledge exists within the Mind of God.
All knowledge implies a subject or a knower, whose relation to an object manifests knowledge.
All knowledge implies responsibility.
All knowledge is accumulated through experience.
All knowledge is available.
All knowledge is based on simple fundamental truths.
All knowledge is built from previous knowledge.
All knowledge is built up out of experience through impressions, memory and association.
All knowledge is constructed through a process of reflective abstraction.
All knowledge is contained on the Internet.
All knowledge is derived from experience by way of sense perceptions.
All knowledge is derived from experience whether of the mind or senses.
All knowledge is derived from the senses.
All knowledge is empirical, received through the senses.
All knowledge is fallible and limited by uncertainty.
All knowledge is gained through an orderly loss of information.
All knowledge is good, but it can bear no fruit except by action.
All knowledge is of itself of some value.
All knowledge is participation in the content thereof.
All knowledge is passed down by word of mouth, committed to fallible memory.
All knowledge is perspectival and hence is metaphoric .
All knowledge is perspectival and hence is metaphoric.
All knowledge is presumed to have the same value and entitled to clamor for attention.
All knowledge is qualified as according to the best data available to date.
All knowledge is relative.
All knowledge is relevant to statistics.
All knowledge is represented using the same kind of rules in the same kind of format.
All knowledge is rooted in faith of one sort or another.
All knowledge is self-knowledge.
All knowledge is shown to be interrelated.
All knowledge is subjective.
All knowledge is tacit.
All knowledge is the result of considerable searching effort.
All knowledge is valuable.
All knowledge is, ultimately, a defence of the Christian faith.
All knowledge proceeds through sense experience.
All knowledge seeming innocent and pure becomes a deadly weapon in the hands of avarice and greed.
All knowledge starts at the individual level.
All knowledge starts with experience.
All knowledge ultimately stems from experience.
All knowledges are suppositional yet verifiable in the realm of contingency.
Any knowledge is potential power.
Any knowledge is power.
Any knowledge obtained is applied to the processes in the real world again.
Any knowledge related to the medical industry is a plus.
More knowledge is better when going through such an important experience as childbirth.
More knowledge is gained by taking part than by watching others.
More knowledge is helpful.
More knowledge is just around the corner.
More knowledge is more power.
More knowledge is needed about the response of women to physical training.
More knowledge is needed to prevent birth defects.
More knowledge is needed.
More knowledge is yet to come.
More knowledge means better, more efficient, and more complete research.
More knowledge means more contribution and that means more pay.
More knowledge means more power.
More knowledge seems only to have given people more to worry about.
Most knowledge can be and is acquired on the job.
Most knowledge comes from experience.
Most knowledge comes from observations.
Most knowledge comes from personal experience.
Most knowledge comes to light.
Most knowledge consists of generalization.
Most knowledge derives from experience.
Most knowledge derives from human experience.
Most knowledge derives from observations.
Most knowledge drives awareness.
Most knowledge enables readers.
Most knowledge gives insight.
Most knowledge has relative uncertainty.
Most knowledge has uncertainty.
Most knowledge helps answers.
Most knowledge helps children.
Most knowledge helps development.
Most knowledge helps doctors.
Most knowledge helps information.
Most knowledge improves ability.
Most knowledge is just belief wearing a top hat.
Most knowledge leads to conclusions.
Most knowledge leads to development.
Most knowledge leads to logical conclusions.
Most knowledge leads to treatments.
Most knowledge offers instruction.
Most knowledge provides awareness.
Most knowledge provides insight.
Most knowledge provides knowledge.
Most knowledge provides valuable insight.
Most knowledge relates to products.
Most knowledge solves problems.
Most knowledge suggests scenarios.
Much knowledge is already available.
Much knowledge is embedded in technology which is tradable.
Much knowledge is required to achieve such an objective.
Much knowledge is subjective.
Much knowledge needs to be systematized into models.
Much knowledge seems 'foreign', and is therefore suspect.
Some knowledge assists farmers.
Some knowledge can only, as a matter of practical reality, come from authority.
Some knowledge deals with interpretations.
Some knowledge has considerable longevity while other content changes very quickly.
Some knowledge has effects.
Some knowledge has pervasive effects.
Some knowledge helps scientists.
Some knowledge influences ethic.
Some knowledge influences life.
Some knowledge informs assessments.
Some knowledge is encoded in data processing programs and expert systems for automated processing.
Some knowledge is evident.
Some knowledge is intuitive and based on socialization.
Some knowledge is 'non-inferential'.
Some knowledge is permanent.
Some knowledge is presented in tables.
Some knowledge is reached through insight, the mind.
Some knowledge leads to actions.
Some knowledge leads to appropriate actions.
Some knowledge relates to consumption.
Some knowledge relates to food.
Some knowledge relates to natural food.
Some knowledge relates to salt consumption.
Some knowledge relates to women.
Some knowledge sheds light.
Some knowledge solves mysteries.
Some knowledge uses appropriate mathematical skills.
Some knowledge uses appropriate skills.
Some knowledge uses mathematical skills.
Some knowledge uses skills.
Knowledgeable agents match new homeowners with affordable property in the right locations.
Most knowledgeable anglers like to catch flounder during their migration.
Knowledgeable attention is one of the most important aspects of managing heel pain.
Knowledgeable books tell what people have found out and invented.
Knowledgeable bowlers know it as one of the best greens in the north east.
Knowledgeable breeders use a blood test to screen and carriers are bred to non-carriers.
Knowledgeable caretakers demonstrate the features of the mill.
Knowledgeable citizens are essential to the security of any society.
Knowledgeable collectors are also a wonderful educational resource.
Knowledgeable collectors can spot sleepers from across the room, in the dark.
Knowledgeable commentary is provided by our on-board host.
Most knowledgeable commentators favour signing.
Knowledgeable consent is given to the scene by all parties.
Knowledgeable consumers buy more products.
Knowledgeable customers are dumbstruck.
Knowledgeable customers are more loyal, buy more and require less support.
Knowledgeable developers are able to develop and maintain robust, high-performance systems.
Knowledgeable docents can give presentations geared to different age levels.
Knowledgeable docents lead walks, extending the interactive experience to the outdoors.
Knowledgeable employees are a defining characteristic of a modern workforce.
Knowledgeable employees are on hand to help, too.
Knowledgeable employees have the power to do more.
Knowledgeable employees know that there are no quick fixes.
Knowledgeable engineers can handle more clients, making it easier to grow the business.
Knowledgeable engineers increase customer satisfaction.
Knowledgeable evolutionists have difficulty with it, too.
Knowledgeable experts inform, educate and continually update the industry on a monthly basis.
Many knowledgeable fishermen savor burbot.
Knowledgeable folks answer lots of bread making questions.
Knowledgeable friends are a plus, and then there's the library for help and inspiration.
Knowledgeable gardeners know how to improve soil to their benefit.
Knowledgeable guides are essential.
Knowledgeable guides conduct daily tours on the hour.
Knowledgeable guides give an informative commentary.
Knowledgeable guides give personal attention to all our guests.
Knowledgeable guides identify and describe the flora and fauna of the prairie.
Knowledgeable guides offer a variety of easy-going options.
Knowledgeable guides share information about estate wildlife and their habitats.
Knowledgeable guides share stories from estate archives and employee recollections.
Knowledgeable help is even scarcer.
Knowledgeable hosts encourage the free flow of questions, answers, opinions, and information.
Knowledgeable individuals go on with assignments.
Knowledgeable nurses can detect problems early and alert the physician to take preventative action.
Knowledgeable observers are unhappy, too, with the vagueness of the stimulative spending targets.
Knowledgeable observers attribute the failure of tobacco legislation to many factors.
Knowledgeable operators provide a running commentary on the sights and wildlife.
Knowledgeable opinions are a great asset.
Knowledgeable owners enjoy bookchat and helping others find new authors.
Knowledgeable parents have no trouble maintaining control of their kids' behavior.
Knowledgeable participation is what counts .
Knowledgeable participation is what counts.
Knowledgeable passengers remember their passport and board the ferry by foot.
Knowledgeable patients are able to more accurately describe their condition to health professionals.
Knowledgeable people are aware that bad odors are a serious matter.
Knowledgeable people are better equipped to make informed choices.
Knowledgeable people are more valuable than ever.
Knowledgeable people rate it very highly.
Knowledgeable people reduce the risk of accidents.
All knowledgeable people are largely self-taught.
Many knowledgeable people agree that certain scents actually promote certain moods and feelings.
Many knowledgeable people are on the list.
Most knowledgeable people find a clear connection.
Knowledgeable persons can answer the questions.
Knowledgeable personnel are on hand to help with research.
Most knowledgeable players are willing to accept such risks if the reward is appreciable.
Knowledgeable practitioners regard the quality of our panels as outstanding.
Knowledgeable practitioners write accurate books.
Knowledgeable presenters lecture on a variety of subjects including nature, history, music, etc.
Knowledgeable professionals can improve the potential for business success.
Knowledgeable purpose is neccessary if our lives are to be meaningful and our actions focused.
Knowledgeable readers spot excess padding in a second.
Some knowledgeable sources discount the effectiveness of snaring.
Knowledgeable speakers talk about health issues.
Knowledgeable staff are always on-hand to provide traveler information.
Knowledgeable staff are available to assist patrons.
Knowledgeable staff are ready to assist students and parents with computer purchases.
Knowledgeable staff can help researchers and citizens focus on relevant networked information.
Knowledgeable staff ensures that the data is clean and delivered quickly.
Knowledgeable staff is available to answer questions.
Knowledgeable staff offers quality one hour photofinishing and friendly advice.
Knowledgeable students can teach less experienced ones the subtleties of search and research.
Knowledgeable support is also important.
Knowledgeable teachers have adequate support and ongoing access to professional development.
Knowledgeable workers can help, too.
Knowlegeable citizens make intelligent choices.
Known access is limited to president and assistant.
Known agents cover the whole range of physical properties.
Most known antibiotics have no clinical applications.
Known artists perform toe-tapping tunes.
Known axes are relatively slender suggesting a bush or vine growth form rather than a large tree.
Known behaviors are by definition predictable.
Most known binaries are spectroscopic binaries.
Known brands do well.
Known Bugs See the jitterbug database for more bug reports and their status.
Known deposits are sufficient to last for several hundred years.
Known documentation is indicated.
Most known enzymes are proteins.
Known errata are available on the book's Web site.
Known errors do exist.
Most known euglenids live in shallow freshwater iv.
Known examples have sparse vegetation consisting primarily of annuals.
Known extent is moderate.
Known extent is small but believed to be moderate.
Known extent is small but is nearly moderate.
Known extent is small.
Known fakes have no gatefold.
Known genes are found on a certain chromosome at a certain location or position.
Known hells are preferable to unknown heavens and success is feared only because success is foreign.
Known implementations take advantage of the linear memory mapping associated with common blocks.
Known impressions are black.
Known interactions are shown by plus signs.
Known life needs energy, nutrients, and an ideal temperature range to survive.
Known models are able to express large state spaces in different ways.
Known pharmaceuticals associated with attacks include ethanol, barbiturates, and anticonvulsants.
Known predators are hawks, owls, snakes, crabs, rats, and feral dogs and cats.
Known problems are ie.
Known problems are unexpected behaviors or defects in firmware releases.
Known problems await solution for too long.
Known problems compress away and disappear, and only the hard stuff is left.
Known problems exist.
Known problems fester like mold on a classroom wall.
Known problems See the release news for details.
Known programs are the easiest cases from an intelligence standpoint.
Known reserves are about the same.
Known reserves are projected to enlarge as previously unexplored regions are explored.
Known resources are small.
Known results are the sum of successful results, unsuccessful results and withdrawals.
Known risks are things such as bicycles, bridges, auto racing, and handguns.
Known rivals are The Junior Chickadees , a similar girls' organisation.
Known shrine is the guard outpost at river's end.
Known species list and habitat associations.
Known suppliers are current at the time of publication.
Known trolls are subject to immediate removal at the discretion of the moderators.
Known values means a return to classic price earnings ratios and a return to classic yields.
Known vulnerabilities are No.
Known weaknesses are especially important to document.
Knuckle bones are particularly valuable to dogs fed wet year around.
Knuckle chain is also available.
Knuckle crackers create joint bubbles by putting pressure on the fingers.
Knuckle head bouncers.
Most knuckle pads are asymptomatic and require no treatment.
A knuckle is a diarthrosis
Knuckle isa joint.
Knuckles are bent.
Knuckles are body parts.
Knuckles are bones.
Knuckles are joints.
Knuckles are located in fingers.
Knuckles are part of fingers.
Knuckles are solid objects.
Knuckles are well developed, with strong nails.
Knuckles crack behind blueblack locks strewn gleaming beneath geometry of elbows, necknape, jawline.
Knuckles cracking are thunderbolts, full of menace.
Knuckles drag along the ground when walking.
Knuckles have (part) corpi.
Knuckles have (part) hip sockets.
Knuckles have (part) lobes.
Knuckles line up properly and hand can breathe reducing preparation.
Knuckles turn white as fingernails dig deeper into self destruction.
Some knuckles are part of fingers.
Some knuckles are part of fists.
Some knuckles are part of hands.
Some knuckles are part of thumbs.
A knucklehead is a person
Knuckleheads are also great flies for largemouth bass and very large bluegill or shellcrackers.
Any knucklehead can compute time differences at a mark and figure gains and loses.
Knurled body prevents slipping.
Knurled sides give a better grip for tightening or removing the cap.
Knysna lagoon is the only estuary given any protection.
Koala bears feed on leaves.
Most koala bears feed on leaves.
Koala lemurs have skulls.
Most koala lemurs have skulls.
A koala is a possum
Koala isa opossum.
Koalas acquire taste.
Koalas adapt for life.
Koalas also are at risk when close to human populations and being killed by cars or dogs.
Koalas also eat leaves, buds, and bark off the native golden tree.
Koalas also have tail- but it is almost too short to see.
Koalas also love to sleep.
Koalas also suffer from a range of cancers like leukemia and skin cancers.
Koalas also vary in size across their range.
Koalas also walk on all fours, but can stretch up on two legs.
Koalas are a joy to watch.
Koalas are adapted to their environment in various ways.
Koalas are adored by many for their small size and cartoon-like features.
Koalas are almost entirely nocturnal as they begin to feed after dusk or in complete darkness.
Koalas are also excellent swimmers and so can cross creeks.
Koalas are also marsupials, meaning that it carries it's young in a pouch found on the belly.
Koalas are always the easiest of targets since they neither run away nor do they afraid of humans.
Koalas are amazingly similar to bears.
Koalas are at great risk from bushfires.
Koalas are at the top of their food chain.
Koalas are basically solitary animals and live in relatively well-defined home ranges.
Koalas are big business in Australia.
Koalas are close to being an endangered specie.
Koalas are cool.
Koalas are covered with thick, gray fur.
Koalas are definitely safest high up in trees.
Koalas are dependent on Australia's eucalyptus trees as their only source of food.
Koalas are dioecious animals that reproduce sexually.
Koalas are ecological specialists which feed primarily on the leaves of eucalyptus trees.
Koalas are excellent swimmers.
Koalas are found in the wild only in the forests of eastern Australia.
Koalas are fussy eaters, choosing most of their food from a few varieties of eucalypt.
Koalas are generally solitary, although they do have a social structure based on a dominant male.
Koalas are gray.
Koalas are heavily dependent on their sense of smell.
Koalas are herbivores who eat only eucalyptus.
Koalas are herbivores with a unique diet that consists almost entirely of eucalyptus leaves.
Koalas are herbivorous and feed exclusively on certain eucalyptus leaves.
Koalas are indigenous to Australia and in danger of extinction.
Koalas are inside zoos.
Koalas are interesting animals with several amazing features.
Koalas are known as picky eaters.
Koalas are known the world over as a symbols of Australia.
Koalas are located in artwork.
Koalas are located in bedrooms.
Koalas are located in books.
Koalas are located in cages.
Koalas are located in captivity.
Koalas are located in eucalyptuses.
Koalas are located in families.
Koalas are located in jungle.
Koalas are located in natural habitats.
Koalas are located in nature.
Koalas are located in orients.
Koalas are located in parks.
Koalas are located in pictures.
Koalas are located in rain.
Koalas are located in southern hemispheres.
Koalas are located in stew.
Koalas are located in tees.
Koalas are located in water.
Koalas are located in wildernesses.
Koalas are located in wood.
Koalas are located in zoos.
Koalas are mainly nocturnal and completely arboreal.
Koalas are mainly nocturnal animals, which means they are more active at night.
Koalas are mammals.
Koalas are marsupial animals.
Koalas are marsupials, a subclass of mammals.
Koalas are marsupials, females having a pouch in which their young first develop.
Koalas are marsupials, like kangaroos.
Koalas are marsupials, related to kangaroos.
Koalas are marsupials, which are mammals that have pouches.
Koalas are marsupials, which means they re first cousin to animals like kangaroos.
Koalas are members of the marsupial family, just like kangaroos.
Koalas are mono- vular and polyoestrous during a restricted annual breeding season.
Koalas are monotremes, like the platypus and the echidna.
Koalas are most active during the summer, which is also their breeding season.
Koalas are mostly active at night .
Koalas are mostly active at night.
Koalas are mostly gray with white on the stomach and ears and a little black on the nose.
Koalas are mostly nocturnal animals and they are most active during the night and at dawn and dusk.
Koalas are mostly nocturnal animals.
Koalas are mostly nocturnal.
Koalas are mostly solitary tree-dwelling creatures with peculiar habits.
Koalas are native to southeastern and eastern Australia, living in forests of eucalyptus trees.
Koalas are nocturnal and do the vast majority of their eating at night.
Koalas are nocturnal marsupials famous for spending most of their lives asleep in trees.
Koalas are nocturnal or active at night, and it's late evening when they move from tree to tree.
Koalas are nocturnal, which means they are active at night and sleep during the day.
Koalas are one of the few mammals apart from primates to have fingerprints.
Koalas are only native to eastern Australia.
Koalas are part of the marsupial family.
Koalas are peaceful animals but can be dangerous if bothered.
Koalas are polygynous.
Koalas are rather small, round animals.
Koalas are solitary animals, which feed on the leaves of eucalypts.
Koalas are solitary animals.
Koalas are tame and shy marsupials.
Koalas are territorial animals who live separately in their own home ranges.
Koalas are the best.
Koalas are the largest arboreal marsupial inhabiting the eucalypt forests of eastern Australia.
Koalas are the most loved marsupial mammal.
Koalas are the only other animal, like humans, that have individual fingerprints.
Koalas are tiny, approximately one half of a gram, when they are born.
Koalas are tiny, approximately one-half of a gram, when they are born.
Koalas are tree-hugging marsupials with big, round ears and black oval noses.
Koalas are usually excellent mothers and are highly tolerant of their energetic young.
Koalas are usually solitary animals, and they live alone throughout their lives.
Koalas are usualy killed in sanctuaries because they are run over by cars.
Koalas are very fussy eaters and have strong preferences for different types of gum leaves.
Koalas are very fussy eaters, feeding almost entirely on eucalypt leaves.
Koalas are very good swimmers.
Koalas are very picky about their food.
Koalas are very territorial and live in stable breeding groups.
Koalas are well suited for their life in the trees.
Koalas are wild animals.
Koalas are, however, generally inoffensive.
Koalas belong to a group of animals called marsupials.
Koalas can be aggressive towards each other.
Koalas can be up to two feet, six inches long.
Koalas can make other sounds, from snores to screams.
Koalas can only live in one place in the world, Australia.
Koalas can only live in one place in the world.
Koalas can scratch.
Koalas carry babies.
Koalas chew food.
Koalas chew the eucalyptus leaves to a very fine paste before swallowing.
Koalas climb up trees and on the ground they walk on four legs.
Koalas come down to the ground as little as possible.
Koalas come in colors of gray, white, brown, and a reddish color.
Koalas communicate with each other by making a range of noises.
Koalas compete directly with humans for land.
Koalas conserve energy.
Koalas conserve water.
Koalas depend on plants.
Koalas depend on specialized chewing teeth to handle their diet of eucalyptus leaves.
Koalas depend solely on eucalyptus trees for food and shelter.
Koalas do move around in their chosen tree.
Koalas do possess a certain degree of unique social behavior.
Koalas don t even sample anything else.
Koalas drink milk from the mother.
Koalas drink water.
Koalas eat eucalyptus leaves.
Koalas eat eucalyptuses.
Koalas eat in the trees, sleep in trees and hang out in trees.
Koalas eat leaves.
Koalas eat one thing only - eucalyptus leaves.
Koalas eat only eucalyptus leaves, and they are picky about which varieties they eat.
Koalas eat only eucalyptus leaves.
Koalas eat only leaves and bark from eucalyptus trees.
Koalas eat plants.
Koalas eat the leaves from the eucalyptus trees.
Koalas fall prey to many of the same side effects of civilization which affect many wild animals.
Koalas feed at nights.
Koalas feed by climbing certain species of eucalyptus trees which are their favoured types.
Koalas feed in trees.
Koalas feed mainly at night.
Koalas feed on eucalyptus leaves and can be heard calling during the mating season.
Koalas feed on eucalyptuses.
Koalas feed on only one type of tree.
Koalas find shelter in trees too.
Koalas get most of their liquid intake from the moisture in the leaves.
Koalas give birth to koalas.
Koalas give live birth, so they are classified as mammals.
Koalas has-part arms.
Koalas has-part claws.
Koalas has-part glands.
Koalas has-part noses.
Koalas has-part tails.
Koalas has-part teeth.
Koalas have (part) brains.
Koalas have (part) breasts.
Koalas have (part) cell membranes.
Koalas have (part) cells.
Koalas have (part) chest cavities.
Koalas have (part) chests.
Koalas have (part) corpi.
Koalas have (part) cytoplasm.
Koalas have (part) ears.
Koalas have (part) faces.
Koalas have (part) heads.
Koalas have (part) nuclei.
Koalas have (part) pedal extremities.
Koalas have (part) piluses.
Koalas have (part) plasma membranes.
Koalas have (part) rib cages.
Koalas have (part) sections.
Koalas have (part) skulls.
Koalas have (part) sterna.
Koalas have (part) vacuoles.
Koalas have (part) vertebrate feet.
Koalas have a distant link only with wombats, both have backward opening pouches.
Koalas have a large round head with big furry ears and a stout body.
Koalas have a scent gland on their chest that they rub against trees to mark their territory.
Koalas have a special bacteria in their stomachs that breaks down the toxins in the eucalyptus oil.
Koalas have a special fibre-digesting organ called a caecum.
Koalas have a tail.
Koalas have a very slow metabolic rate, because they mostly sit in trees all day.
Koalas have a weird call that sounds like sawing wood.
Koalas have an opposable modified index finger that acts as a second thumb.
Koalas have big black noses and big round ears.
Koalas have big ears that are covered with hair.
Koalas have big, fluffy ears and an excellent sense of hearing.
Koalas have both sharp teeth and claws.
Koalas have brains.
Koalas have calls.
Koalas have claws.
Koalas have coats.
Koalas have dense, wooly fur that is gray to brown on top and varies with geographic location.
Koalas have few natural predators, although sometimes a dingo or large owl can take one.
Koalas have fingerprints.
Koalas have forelimbs.
Koalas have glands.
Koalas have large, rounded, furry ears and a large black nose.
Koalas have large, sharp claws to assist with climbing tree trunks.
Koalas have larynxes.
Koalas have long forelimbs.
Koalas have long, strong arms, short powerful legs and large feet with sharp claws for climbing.
Koalas have no camouflage except hiding in the trees.
Koalas have no natural predators.
Koalas have no tails, but do possess long curved claws to make clinging to branches possible.
Koalas have noses.
Koalas have one baby about every two ears.
Koalas have poor vision and rely heavily on their other senses.
Koalas have ranges.
Koalas have scent glands.
Koalas have seasonality reproduction.
Koalas have senses.
Koalas have sexual reproduction.
Koalas have sharp front incisors that are used for clipping the leaves.
Koalas have small eyes.
Koalas have soft grey fur, large prominent ears and a round face.
Koalas have soft grey, fuzzy fur with a big, black nose and huge fluffy ears.
Koalas have soft, wool-like fur that is gray above and white below.
Koalas have soft, wool-like grey fur, which is paler on their undersides.
Koalas have special physical characteristics that complement their tree-dwelling lifestyle.
Koalas have spines.
Koalas have teeth.
Koalas have the ability to run, though.
Koalas have thick, grayish fur, with white on their chests, inner arms, and ears.
Koalas have types.
Koalas have very interesting teeth.
Koalas have virtually no competition for their preferred food source.
Koalas inhabit regions.
Koalas inhabit states.
Koalas inhabit the forests of eastern Australia.
Koalas live above ground.
Koalas live almost exclusively in the top branches of eucalyptus trees.
Koalas live along coasts.
Koalas live for years.
Koalas live in along, narrow strip of eastern Australia, near the coast of the Pacific Ocean.
Koalas live in Australia.
Koalas live in bushland with other koalas.
Koalas live in coastal woodlands.
Koalas live in eastern Australia in Eucalyptus forests.
Koalas live in eastern Australia, where the eucalyptus trees they love are most plentiful.
Koalas live in eucalypt woodlands and forests.
Koalas live in eucalyptuses.
Koalas live in forests that have gum trees, fork trees, and eucalyptus trees.
Koalas live in rainforests.
Koalas live in the eucalyptus and woodland forest.
Koalas live in trees, sometimes coming down to the ground to seek shade or another tree.
Koalas live in trees.
Koalas live in woodlands.
Koalas live in zoos in some other countries like America and Japan.
Koalas live in zoos.
Koalas live mostly in open eucalypt forests and woodlands.
Koalas live on the East coast of Australia.
Koalas live out in the open, on tree branches.
Koalas live over years.
Koalas live very high above the ground.
Koalas look a bit like teddy bears and have very soft fur.
Koalas look like a bear and like to eat gum leaves.
Koalas look like bears but they are marsupials, carrying their young in a pouch.
Koalas look soft but their fur actually feels like the wool on a sheep.
Koalas look soft, but their fur feels like the coarse wool of a sheep.
Koalas make several different vocalizations, from snores to bellows to screams.
Koalas make sounds and gesture to show how they feel.
Koalas move so slowly at times, some people think they are lazy.
Koalas move with an awkward gait, on all four legs, and can also run.
Koalas never like to communicate with people and with their other counterparts.
Koalas never take shelter in dens or other shades so they have to rely on their furs for insulation.
Koalas occupy distinct home ranges.
Koalas occupy ranges.
Koalas only eat eucalypt leaves and a few other related species.
Koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves.
Koalas only prefer just a few varieties of eucalyptus.
Koalas only shelter in eucalyptus trees.
Koalas play in trees.
Koalas possess a real unique eating behavior.
Koalas possess bodies.
Koalas possess fur.
Koalas predominantly feed on eucalypt leaves.
Koalas prefer the leaves of about three-dozen varieties.
Koalas prefer to live alone.
Koalas prefer to live in eucalyptus forests, coastal islands, and low woodlands.
Koalas reach ages.
Koalas rely on claws.
Koalas require leaves.
Koalas rest in trees.
Koalas retain the rearward-facing pouch of their terrestrial vomaboid ancestors.
Koalas show preference.
Koalas show strong preference.
Koalas sit in trees.
Koalas sniff each leaf and inspect it carefully before eating it.
Koalas spend eighteen to twenty hours each day resting and sleeping in trees.
Koalas spend most of the day sleeping in a eucalyptus tree.
Koalas spend most of their day up in trees but when they are on the ground they can run fast.
Koalas spend most of their lives in trees.
Koalas spend most of their time in trees.
Koalas spend most of their time sleeping and eating by themselves.
Koalas spend most of their time sleeping and eating.
Koalas spend twenty hours a day sleeping or resting.
Koalas stay in eucalyptus trees most of the time.
Koalas stay in pouches.
Koalas stay in trees.
Koalas suffer now from loss of habitat, problems with roads and traffic.
Koalas survive in habitats.
Koalas survive in natural habitats.
Koalas tend to smell strongly of eucalyptus and musk.
Koalas to climb gum trees.
Koalas to climb trees.
Koalas to cope with problems.
Koalas use their extremely sharp claws for climbing eucalyptus trees.
Koalas vary in size and colour depending on where Australia they live in Australia.
Koalas vary in size and colour depending on where they live in Australia.
Koalas weigh over kilograms.
Koalas sometimes climb down to the ground to eat soil and gravel.
Koalas sometimes have conflicting sexual strategies.
Koalas usually are peaceful amongst their own families.
All koalas have the ability to vocalize and emit different sounds to express different things.
All koalas share a high pitch scream that signal fear and danger.
All koalas share one common call which is elicited by fear.
Most koalas adapt for life.
Most koalas are inside zoos.
Most koalas carry babies.
Most koalas chew food.
Most koalas conserve energy.
Most koalas conserve water.
Most koalas depend on plants.
Most koalas drink water.
Most koalas eat eucalyptus leaves so there are a lot of eucalyptus trees in Australia.
Most koalas eat eucalyptus leaves.
Most koalas eat eucalyptuses.
Most koalas eat leaves.
Most koalas eat plants.
Most koalas feed on eucalyptuses.
Most koalas give birth to koalas.
Most koalas has-part arms.
Most koalas has-part claws.
Most koalas has-part glands.
Most koalas has-part noses.
Most koalas has-part tails.
Most koalas has-part teeth.
Most koalas have brains.
Most koalas have calls.
Most koalas have claws.
Most koalas have coats.
Most koalas have fingerprints.
Most koalas have forelimbs.
Most koalas have glands.
Most koalas have larynxes.
Most koalas have long forelimbs.
Most koalas have noses.
Most koalas have ranges.
Most koalas have scent glands.
Most koalas have senses.
Most koalas have spines.
Most koalas have teeth.
Most koalas have types.
Most koalas live along coasts.
Most koalas live for years.
Most koalas live in coastal woodlands.
Most koalas live in eucalyptuses.
Most koalas live in rainforests.
Most koalas live in trees.
Most koalas live in woodlands.
Most koalas live in zoos.
Most koalas live over years.
Most koalas occupy distinct home ranges.
Most koalas play in trees.
Most koalas possess bodies.
Most koalas reach ages.
Most koalas rely on claws.
Most koalas require leaves.
Most koalas show preference.
Most koalas show strong preference.
Most koalas sit in trees.
Most koalas stay in pouches.
Most koalas stay in trees.
Most koalas survive in habitats.
Most koalas survive in natural habitats.
Most koalas weigh over kilograms.
Some koalas are near tops.
Some koalas attract visitors.
Some koalas carry viruses.
Some koalas drink milk.
Some koalas eat eucalyptus trees.
Some koalas eat trees.
Some koalas gain energy.
Some koalas have ability.
Some koalas have bacteria.
Some koalas have bare patches.
Some koalas have caecums.
Some koalas have cartilaginous pads.
Some koalas have fur.
Some koalas have limit ability.
Some koalas have pads.
Some koalas have patches.
Some koalas have penises.
Some koalas have periods.
Some koalas have short periods.
Some koalas have sides.
Some koalas have their own trees.
Some koalas have thin tubes.
Some koalas have trees.
Some koalas have tubes.
Some koalas live in Australia.
Some koalas live in patches.
Some koalas live on coasts.
Some koalas live on north coasts.
Some koalas look sort of chocolatey brown.
Some koalas make grunts.
Some koalas make low grunts.
Some koalas possess bacteria.
Some koalas possess trees.
Some koalas produce twins.
Some koalas reach maturity.
Some koalas receive attention.
Some koalas receive immediate attention.
Some koalas receive treatments.
Some koalas regurgitate food.
Some koalas remain with mothers.
Some koalas use scent.
Koan files are very small.
Koan music is written to designated sound cards.
A koan is a problem
Koans are intentionally beyond the power of the mind to solve.
Koans are often in the form of stories.
Koans are problems.
Koans are seemingly impossible questions used in meditative training.
Koans can be long or short, verbal or non-verbal.
Koans likewise frustrate conventional thinking and conditioned responses.
Koans often juxtapose two or more incongruous concepts.
Every koan has a solution that results from being, feeling, and doing.
Kob isa waterbuck.
Kobs have (part) brains.
Kobs have (part) breasts.
Kobs have (part) cannon bones.
Kobs have (part) cell membranes.
Kobs have (part) cells.
Kobs have (part) chest cavities.
Kobs have (part) chests.
Kobs have (part) corpi.
Kobs have (part) cytoplasm.
Kobs have (part) ears.
Kobs have (part) faces.
Kobs have (part) heads.
Kobs have (part) hip sockets.
Kobs have (part) hoofs.
Kobs have (part) nuclei.
Kobs have (part) piluses.
Kobs have (part) plasma membranes.
Kobs have (part) rib cages.
Kobs have (part) second stomachs.
Kobs have (part) sections.
Kobs have (part) skulls.
Kobs have (part) sterna.
Kobs have (part) vacuoles.
Kobs have density.
Kobs have low density.
Most kobs have density.
Most kobs have low density.
Some kobs are found near permanent water sources.
Some kobs are found near sources.
Some kobs are found near water sources.
Some kobs come into heat.
Some kobs have behaviour.
Some kobs have muscular necks.
Some kobs have necks.
Some kobs have ranges.
Some kobs live in hills.
Some kobs reach maturity.
Some kobs reach sexual maturity.
Kobayashi art directs all graphic communications projects for the studio.
Kobe shoots too much.
Kobe talks about the under the leg dunk.
Kodak training encompasses technical and creative aspects of filmmaking.
Koepfer machines offer a small footprint for optimum use of valuable plant space.
Kohi children carry some of the baskets of local potatoes for the reconciliation.
A kohlrabi is a cruciferous vegetable
All kohlrabi is direct-seeded.
Kohls calls on plenty of shops in the Indianapolis area.
A kola nut is a nut
Kola nuts are a common means of communication with otherworldly spirits.
Kola nuts are a traditional gift, sort of like wine, and have an effect like caffeine.
A kola is a nut tree
Kola produces chocolate colored seed pods in Spring and Fall.
Kolhapur city tops the list when it comes to hospitality.
Komodo island is home to a famous dragon.
A komondor is a sheep dog
Komondors are at times available for adoption, ranging in age from several months to several years.
Komondors generally are quite adaptable and can adjust their behavior to fit the situation.
Most Komondors are, quite successfully, shipped by air to their new homes .
Konane project is due today.
Kongpo people present three sacrifices an stay up at night from then on.
Kongpo people present three sacrifices and stay up at night from then on.
Koni shocks are adjustable and come with a limited lifetime warranty.
A kook is a person
Kooks are lateral thinking for the mind of society.
Kooks though are insufferable.
A kookaburra is a kingfisher
Kookaburras are also in town.
Kookaburras are animals.
Kookaburras are birds.
Kookaburras are funny birds.
Kookaburras are kingfishers.
Kookaburras are monochromatic birds that mate for life.
Kookaburras are one of the few kingfishers that live in groups.
Kookaburras are one of the world's largest kingfishers.
Kookaburras are sexually dimorphic .
Kookaburras are vertebrates.
Kookaburras are well known for their loud call , which sounds a bit like human laughter .
Kookaburras are well known for their loud call, which sounds a bit like human laughter.
Kookaburras eat mice, snakes, lizards, birds, insects and frogs.
Kookaburras generally live in pairs or in small groups in open woodland.
Kookaburras have an unusual method of parenting that many scientists find evolutionarily puzzling.
Kookaburras like to laugh together.
Kookaburras live in family groups.
Kookaburras spend most of the day on high branches.
Kookaburras use their calling to show others their territory .
Kookaburras use their calling to show others their territory.
Kookaburras usually live in family groups .
Kookaburras usually live in family groups.
Kookaburras usually nest in a hole in a tree.
All kookaburra has black, brown, or white feathers.
A kopeck is an unit
Every kopeck is ploughed back into the business.
A kopje is a hill
Kopjes are very old, resistant rocks made up mostly of granites and gneiss.
A kor is an unit
Kors also objects to a workshop format for university faculty.
Koranic schools remain the basic system of instruction in religion in Somalia.
Korda speed reads, a big asset for a book editor.
Korean acupuncture is very strong needle technique.
Korean agriculture is characterized by small subsistence farms.
Korean agriculture lags behind the general economy because of high costs.
Korean alphabet is the only alphabet invented by a known person.
Most Korean apartments lack closets, so bring wardrobes or other means to hang clothes.
Korean appliances work.
Korean art is subdivided into architecture, sculpture, and painting.
Korean audiences seem to prefer Korean films to Hollywood films.
Korean banks are among the most inefficient and unprofitable in Asia.
Korean banks are reportedly on the lookout for foreigners with unusually large accounts.
Korean banks are the toughest in demanding collateral.
Korean barbecue is a favorite restaurant dinner meal.
Korean barbecue is a popular cooking method, which is best suited for fattier cuts of meat.
Korean barbecue is one of the dish.
Korean barberry is a dense, thorny plant useful for barrier plantings.
Korean bows are very nice, in terms of looks, feel and performance.
Korean bronze has a high zinc content, and is therefore more akin to brass rather than bronze.
Korean chestnuts are similar to Japanese cultivars, but Korea supplies mainly hand-cut chestnuts.
Many Korean children are under a great deal of emotional pressure from their parents.
Most Korean children study abroad due to a lot of effort by their parents.
Korean chopsticks are medium in size and made of a silver material.
Korean church tears up kitchen to build bridge across lines of fear and mistrust.
Korean colors are chartreuse green, bright pink and lemon yellow.
Korean commentators say that the incidents have long been known.
Korean communities are very structured and organized.
Korean companies are at the bottom of every category.
Korean companies see greater business potential in joint venture and independent investment.
Many Korean companies are too sick to weather internal or external shocks.
Korean cooks celebrate with sweet bean cakes.
Korean cooking can be friendly or intimidating.
Much Korean cooking is done in a clay stewing pot known as a tukbaege .
Korean cuisine offers a fanfare of exotic and often spicy seafood delights.
Korean culture extends into every aspect of life.
Korean culture is indeed interesting.
Korean data add to the Korean archive.
Korean detectives say they have no conclusive physical evidence from the scene.
Korean diet has unique side dishes.
Korean diplomacy presents a challenge to China's foreign ministry.
Korean dish require large number of side-dishes and they are mandatory for Korean food.
Most Korean dishes use sesame, soy, peppers, ginger, garlic and bean paste.
Korean doctors give patients an injection for nearly all illnesses.
Korean doctors write the medical records on what medications are prescribed.
Most Korean doctors speak some English.
Korean economy is crappy right now.
Korean emigration ends.
Korean executives expect high discounts.
Most Korean experts see the Olympic decision as one more step on the road to reunification.
Korean exports are much stronger than a year or two ago.
Some Korean favorites are available from the kitchen.
Korean fencers are usually short but fast.
Korean films have yet to establish their own identity for international audiences.
Korean fir is a slow growing, pyramidal tree with horizontal branching.
Korean firms tend to opt for low-priced copy machines regardless of function and quality.
Korean florists say there are more red carnations sold on that day than any other day of the year.
Korean food contains excessive sugar.
Korean Food Find out about a few of the thousands of Korean foods.
Korean food has various side dish.
Korean food has various side dishes.
Korean food is famous for the spicy taste.
Korean food is generally hot.
Korean food is in a class by itself.
Korean food is made chiefly of a wide variety of vegetables.
Korean food is more and more famous in the whole world.
Korean food is rich in nutrition and low in calories.
Korean food is rich in nutrition, well-balanced and low in calories.
Korean food is shared by diners in one table,except rice and soup.
Korean food is usually hot and spicy.
Korean food is very healthy and quite tasty.
Korean food is very healthy.
Korean food is very spicy.
Korean food is welcome.
Korean food remains ghettoized for a number of reasons, both culinary and cultural.
Korean foods are very special, exotic, and particular.
Korean foods are very special,exotic,and particular.
Korean foods tend to be spicier than either Japanese or Chinese dishes.
Most korean food contains excessive sugar.
Korean furniture is characterized by simple, sensitive designs, compact forms, and practicality.
Korean gardens attempt to recreate the natural landscape with hills, streams and fields.
Korean Gifts are our newest site sponsors.
Korean ginseng can interact with warfarin and phenelzine.
Korean ginseng is a native of Eastern China, and American ginseng is a native of North America.
Korean ginseng is different from other ginseng cultivated in China, Japan, and North America.
Korean ginseng is most suitable for males and older people.
Most Korean ginseng is sold as red ginseng.
Korean girls have big tits and nice ass and tight pussy.
Korean girls have long and nice leg with big tits.
Korean goalie saves.
Korean government takes few steps.
Korean government takes steps.
Most korean government takes few steps.
Most korean government takes steps.
Korean Grandmothers Say When a baby is born in Korea, they are already considered one year old.
Korean grocer settles suit in girl's slaying.
Korean history is tied to Japanese and Chinese history.
Korean history is unique.
Most Korean housing is constructed with concrete rather than wood.
Korean immigrants continue to arrive in the United States.
Korean immigrants form one of the fastest-growing Asian subpopulations in the country.
Korean immigration ends.
Korean jacket features front overlap, assymetrical ties, and butterfly sleeves.
Korean karate is a wide open type of art where the opponents wear chest and groin guards.
Korean keeper takes the kick.
Korean kids get married, and they get a dowry, which is a significant amount of money.
Korean leaders agree to work toward reunification.
Korean lespedeza is also less competitive with companion grasses than striate lespedeza.
Korean lessons are here .
Korean literature has many tales reflecting such thinking.
Korean literature is something of a missing link.
Korean men greet each other with a slight bow and sometimes a handshake.
Korean men say make the best wives in the world.
Korean manufacturers do the same when they market two versions of soju in Japan.
Korean markets carry a huge variety of unusual greens.
Korean marriage is often an arrangement in which the husband rules and the wife serves.
Korean masks are unique for their satirical humor.
Korean masks have a long tradition associated with shamanism and later in ritual dance.
Some Korean material is acquired, largely as gifts.
Korean meals compose of rice.
Korean meals include meat.
Korean movies turn huge profits so of course investors are willing to put their money down.
Korean names are usually three syllables long, with the surname preceding given names.
Korean names begin with the last name.
Korean names have three parts.
Korean names have two parts .
Korean names have two parts.
Korean names have yet to be standardised .
Korean names start with a one syllable or, in rare cases, a two syllable family name.
Many Korean nationalists die in the fighting.
Korean negotiations tend to be lengthy and protracted.
Korean page is here.
Korean parents are obviously committed to achieving quality education for their children.
Korean parents have to be more liberal with their kids.
Korean parents work hard to see that their children are well-educated.
Korean parties are often like drinking competitions.
Korean patients trust medical services of hospitals more than clinic services.
Korean peninsula have all to be given a once-over before the gaze settles on South Asia.
Korean people are brave but they suffer.
Korean people are generally kind and warm-hearted.
Korean People are never afraid of war.
Korean people are still xenophobic but officially, xenophobia is frowned upon.
Korean people are tenacious.
Korean people are very strong.
Korean people expect.
Korean people love to eat it on ordinary days too.
Korean people serve it on happy occasions.
Korean people use chopsticks and spoons.
Korean people use red ink only to dead people.
Korean people value education as one of the most important aspects of their lives.
Korean people view wood homes and wood in general as healthy and aesthetically pleasing.
Korean philosophers have much to say about thought, ideals and morals.
Korean physicians can appear very abrupt and uncaring.
Korean posters can be important additions to any collection but there are several obstacles.
Korean pottery has a long tradition and history behind it.
Korean producers can sell their kimchi at a considerable markup in Japan.
Korean residents introduce their native food to the rest of the house.
Korean rice is several times more expensive than the international average.
Korean schools are very rigorous, formal, and heavy on teaching grammar.
Korean seesaw is a traditional play for women.
Korean soccer goes to frence world cup.
Korean society has no in-built mechanisms for social protection and welfare.
Korean society is bound together by the exchange of favors.
Korean society is still somewhat conservative in matters of dress for both men and women.
Korean society makes a great distinction between friends, business colleagues and outsiders.
Korean society tends to classify schools in either one of two categories or boxes.
Korean software are necessary for reading and entering search queries.
Korean speech has little variation is accents and pitch when compared to other languages.
Korean speech has little variation of accents and pitch when compared to other languages.
Korean Students are one of the largest groups of international students.
Korean students do a combination of drum, vocal and fan dancing in their program.
Korean students win hands down.
Korean survivors say there is more to the story than what has been reported by American media.
Korean swordsmanship stresses the development of the mind, body and spirit.
Korean tailors can custom make a suit and set of hand-made shirts in a couple of days.
Korean tea is usually drunk holding the cup in both hands.
Korean teens enjoy fast food.
Korean tombs look like bowls place upside down.
Some korean tourists fall to death.
Korean translators contain Korean words, Korean currency, Korean phrases and Korean time.
Korean unions oppose merger.
Korean version is here .
Korean website is under construction.
Korean women are good at obeying.
Korean women are more opinionated.
Korean women are really judgmental and moralistic.
Korean women are well known for their beautiful and clean skin.
Korean women have equal rights with men.
Korean women look sexy and loose, but in private, they are really innocent and naive.
Korean women tend to be very fun loving and love to be near their best friends and family.
Some korean women become strategies.
Some Korean women cover their mouths when they smile or laugh.
Korean workers are certainly at a crossroads.
Korean writers wonder about the chances of a Korean winning the Nobel Prize for literature.
Korean has (part) arms.
Korean has (part) body substances.
Korean has (part) cell membranes.
Korean has (part) cells.
Korean has (part) corpi.
Korean has (part) cytoplasm.
Korean has (part) heads.
Korean has (part) human bodies.
Korean has (part) legs.
Korean has (part) material bodies.
Korean has (part) necks.
Korean has (part) nuclei.
Korean has (part) personality.
Korean has (part) plasma membranes.
Korean has (part) sections.
Korean has (part) vacuoles.
Korean isa Asian.
Korean isa Asiatic.
Most kosher butchers make shankbones available before Passover.
Many kosher fish eat other fish or insects.
All kosher food is always extensively more expensive then non-kosher food.
Many kosher households have two kitchen areas, one for meat and the other for dairy.
Many kosher products are also available in other parts of the campus.
Many kosher salts are natural sea salt.
Kosovar refugees can now search for their loved ones on-line.
Kosraean children begin school at the age of six.
Kosraean children have a deep sense of pride that usually is hidden.
Kothandaramaswamy temple is the only salvage of the cyclone.
A kowtow is motion
A kowtow is reverence
Kowtow means kneeling and knocking one's head onto the ground.
Kraft paper is paper
Kraft paper is, of course, a mainstay of the packaging industry.
A kraft is paper
Kraft answers with a three.
Kraft describe it as rich and tangy with tropical spices and sun ripened tomatoes.
A krait is a snake
Kraits are nocturnal and as a general rule avoid humans.
Kraits are venomous .
Kraits are venomous.
Kraits feed almost totally on other snakes.
Kreisel systems are also ideal, which allows for gentle stirring of larvae.
Krill fisheries are difficult to operate in two important respects.
Some krill fisheries have impact.
Some krill fisheries have minimal impact.
Krill fishing is by far different than any other fishing operation today known.
Krill oil has great values.
Krill oil has values.
Krill oil is an oil that's derived from shrimp-like crustaceans called krill.
Krill oil is basically an oil extracted from a species of Antarctic krill.
Krill oil seems to cause few side effects.
Most krill oil has great values.
Most krill oil has values.
Some krill oil contains vitamins.
Some krill oil holds compounds.
Some krill oil improves health.
A krill is a crustacean
Krill are crustaceans.
Krill compete for algae with gelatinous creatures called salps .
Krill constitute the next biggest source of protein.
Krill consume phytoplankton.
Krill decorate the water's edge with flamingo-orange.
Krill eat phytoplankton.
Krill employ two types of spawning mechanism.
Krill exist in large numbers and are an integral part of the aquatic food chain.
Krill feed baleen whales.
Krill feed on plankton floating near the ocean's surface.
Krill feed on the green algae that coats the ceiling of sea ice that floats atop the Southern Ocean.
Krill feed whales.
Krill find in oceans.
Krill find nourishment.
Krill have (part) brains.
Krill have (part) carapaces.
Krill have (part) cell membranes.
Krill have (part) cells.
Krill have (part) corpi.
Krill have (part) cytoplasm.
Krill have (part) ears.
Krill have (part) faces.
Krill have (part) heads.
Krill have (part) nuclei.
Krill have (part) pincers.
Krill have (part) plasma membranes.
Krill have (part) sections.
Krill have (part) shells.
Krill have (part) skulls.
Krill have (part) thoraxes.
Krill have (part) vacuoles.
Krill have ability.
Krill have exoskeletons.
Krill have hard exoskeletons.
Krill have survival.
Krill isa arthropod.
Krill live at least two and possibly up to five years.
Krill live in areas usually affected only every few days by the wobbling ozone hole.
Krill live in deep water.
Krill live in water.
Krill live on the undersides of ice sheets, where they find refuge and algae as food.
Krill looks like shrimp.
Krill move backwards by using their tails.
Krill provide food.
Krill reach maturity after two to three years.
Krill reproduce during springs.
Krill rise and fall in the water column depending on the time of day.
Krill start their lives in the summertime when females lay eggs near the surface.
Krill survive for long periods.
Krill survive for periods.
Krill takes place in all oceans of the world but mainly in Antarctic Ocean.
Krill tastes salty and somewhat stronger than shrimp.
Krill tend to rise to the surface at night to feed, and retreat to deeper waters during the day.
Krill travel in swarms so dense they can be seen from space.
Most krill eat phytoplankton.
Most krill find in oceans.
Most krill find nourishment.
Most krill have ability.
Most krill have exoskeletons.
Most krill have hard exoskeletons.
Most krill have survival.
Most krill live in deep water.
Most krill live in water.
Most krill provide food.
Most krill survive for long periods.
Most krill survive for periods.
Some krill become basic food.
Some krill become food.
Some krill come out at nights.
Some krill eat algas.
Some krill eat animals.
Some krill eat antarctic algas.
Some krill eat plankton.
Some krill eat small animals.
Some krill eat zoo plankton.
Some krill eat zooplankton.
Some krill feed on algas.
Some krill have bellies.
Some krill live for years.
Some krill live in oceans.
Some krill live in southern oceans.
Some krill make up diets.
Some krill retain ability.
Some krill survive winter.
A kroon is an unit
Kroon chases back on, but is suffering now.
Kroon is Dutch for crown.
Krsna consciousness is buddhi-yoga, buddhi implies reason, discrimination, analytical thinking.
Krsna consciousness is the natural inclination of every eternal spirit soul.
Krsna consciousness is the vitality of vitality.
Kryptonian people live there in standard but microscopic, non-superpowered lives.
Kryptonite futures seem to have been particularly good lately.
KSs are static repositories of knowledge.
A kt is an unit
KT reserves the right to make changes to departures, itineraries and trip prices.
KTs can serve as a good measure of Web-based collaboration effectiveness.
KTLA insiders believe there is.
Kudos are a scenario that motivates a new style of cryptographic micropayment protocol.
Kudos are due lots of folks who put the reunion activities together.
Kudos are in order.
Kudos are kool because they monetize gradually.
Kudos are points earned for doing flashy e-brake turns and being a general badass.
Kudos go out to that brave stuntman.
Kudos go out to the amazing server techs at our hosts.
Kudos go out to the event organizers.
Kudos go to all of our employees for a good year.
Kudos go to all the organizers and all speakers.
Kudos go to Blood of Roses for an eerie soundtrack.
Kudos go to employees who put in long hours on the transition, which was made without a hitch.
Kudos go to johnmc for the cool name.
Kudos go to the dessert chef.
Kudos go to the rest of the cast, who turn in top-notch performances.
Kudos have to go to both stars.
Kudos wander in small family parties.
All kudos is much appreciated.
Kudu are famous for their ability to jump high fences.
Kudu are very shy animals and always alert.
Kudu are wary animals that can panic and injure themselves against fencing.
Kudu isa antelope.
Kudu prefer broken bushveld and woodland of deciduous plants, with scattered thicket bush clumps.
Kudus have (part) brains.
Kudus have (part) breasts.
Kudus have (part) cannon bones.
Kudus have (part) cell membranes.
Kudus have (part) cells.
Kudus have (part) chest cavities.
Kudus have (part) chests.
Kudus have (part) corpi.
Kudus have (part) cytoplasm.
Kudus have (part) ears.
Kudus have (part) faces.
Kudus have (part) heads.
Kudus have (part) hip sockets.
Kudus have (part) hoofs.
Kudus have (part) nuclei.
Kudus have (part) piluses.
Kudus have (part) plasma membranes.
Kudus have (part) rib cages.
Kudus have (part) second stomachs.
Kudus have (part) sections.
Kudus have (part) skulls.
Kudus have (part) sterna.
Kudus have (part) vacuoles.
Kudus have blades.
Kudus have horns.
Kudus have legs.
Kudus have predators.
Kudus hide in woodlands.
Kudus originate in hemispheres.
Kudus originate in northern hemispheres.
Kudus prefer savanna.
Most kudus have horns.
Most kudus have legs.
Most kudus have predators.
Most kudus originate in hemispheres.
Most kudus originate in northern hemispheres.
Some kudus die of rabies.
Some kudus experience widespread interest.
Some kudus have distinctive stripes.
Some kudus have lateral stripes.
Some kudus have stripes.
Some kudus have tails.
Some kudus have undersides.
Some kudus have white lateral stripes.
Some kudus have white stripes.
Some kudus survive long periods.
Kudzu bugs are a fairly new pest in South Carolina.
Kudzu bugs are a recent addition to the U.S. list of invasive species.
Kudzu bugs are about the size of an adult lady bug and are square shaped.
Kudzu bugs are attracted to lighter colors.
Kudzu bugs become economic problems.
Kudzu bugs become pests.
Kudzu bugs become problems.
Kudzu bugs complete development.
Kudzu bugs eat plants.
Kudzu bugs eat soybean plants.
Kudzu bugs feed on kudzu.
Kudzu bugs look like bugs.
Kudzu bugs look like lady bugs.
Kudzu bugs produce offspring.
Most kudzu bugs become economic problems.
Most kudzu bugs become pests.
Most kudzu bugs become problems.
Most kudzu bugs eat plants.
Most kudzu bugs eat soybean plants.
Most kudzu bugs feed on kudzu.
Most kudzu bugs look like bugs.
Most kudzu bugs look like lady bugs.
Most kudzu bugs produce offspring.
Kudzu extract shows potential for moderating alcohol abuse .
Kudzu fibers are fairly strong if properly worked.
Kudzu flowers are purple or purplish-red with flower clusters that reach up to one foot long.
Kudzu flowers smell like ripe grapes.
Kudzu herb seems to lessen the cravings for alcohol and helps to even quench the thirst.
Kudzu infestation can be costly to commercial timber producers by severely impacting productivity.
Kudzu plants are easy to control when it first starts growing.
Kudzu plants are easy to control with chemical herbicides.
Kudzu plants lose leaves.
Some kudzu roots cause damage.
Some kudzu roots cause liver damage.
Kudzu saplings are sensitive to mechanical disturbance, and are damaged by chemical fertilizers.
Kudzu tea is a type of tea that can be found growing in the southwestern United States.
A kudzu vine is a vine
Kudzu vine is a semi-woody perennial vine in the same family as peas and beans.
Kudzu vine is well adapted to fire.
Kudzu vines produce flowers.
Most kudzu vines produce flowers.
Kudzu grows in fields.
Kudzu has (part) cell membranes.
Kudzu has (part) cells.
Kudzu has (part) corpi.
Kudzu has (part) cytoplasm.
Kudzu has (part) nuclei.
Kudzu has (part) plasma membranes.
Kudzu has (part) sections.
Kudzu has (part) vacuoles.
Kudzu has compounds.
Kudzu has green leaves.
Kudzu has large green leaves.
Kudzu has large leaves.
Kudzu has leaves.
Kudzu has requirements.
Kudzu invades areas.
Kudzu invades urban areas.
Kudzu isa vine.
Kudzu kills trees.
Kudzu uses photosynthesis.
Most kudzu grows in fields.
Most kudzu has compounds.
Most kudzu has green leaves.
Most kudzu has large green leaves.
Most kudzu has large leaves.
Most kudzu has leaves.
Most kudzu has requirements.
Most kudzu invades areas.
Most kudzu invades urban areas.
Most kudzu uses photosynthesis.
Some kudzu belongs to families.
Some kudzu belongs to legume families.
Some kudzu contains chemicals.
Some kudzu grows up to feet.
Some kudzu has limitations.
Some kudzu has properties.
Some kudzu has roots.
Some kudzu has scent.
Some kudzu has tap roots.
Some kudzu kills native plants.
Some kudzu kills plants.
Some kudzu prevents erosion.
Some kudzu prevents soil erosion.
Some kudzu takes as long as ten years to kill, even with the most effective herbicide.
Kukui nut leis look like smooth walnuts strung in a circle.
Kukui nuts are walnut-like, with hard black shells, and are found one or two to a fruit.
Kukui trunks are often twisted and sprawling on the ground.
Kuldeean ministers are to be found in many areas in North America.
Kumaoni folk dances.
Kumkum powder is made from a flower in India and soon was converted into a liquid form.
A kumquat is a citrus tree
Kumquat is a musical endeavor.
Kumquats are a symbol of prosperity and good luck in the new year.
Kumquats are citruses.
Kumquats are diverse fruits that also offer many nutritional benefits.
Kumquats are good luck.
Kumquats are part of kumquats.
Kumquats are plants.
Kumquats are rich in potassium and low in calories.
Kumquats are the most cold hardy of the acid-type citrus that produce edible fruits.
Kumquats are the most cold tolerate of all when dormant.
Kumquats grow wild in China where they're usually preserved in honey or sugar.
Kumquats look like miniature oranges with the size similar to a small cherry tomato.
Kumquats make their appearance in winter and are a popular garnish and decoration.
Kumquats always grow particularly well.
Kung population is located in isolated areas of Botswana , Angola, and Namibia.
Kung woman Call No.
Kurdish activists blind folded and machine gunned in Iran.
Kurdish children have to study Baathist propaganda and the promotion of wrong ideas.
Kurdish children identify helicopters overhead by their American names.
All Kurdish communities are stock-breeders mainly of sheep, goats and some cattle.
Kurdish dialects belong to the northwestern branch of the Iranian languages.
Kurdish evacuees begin filling out paperwork for asylum in the United States.
Kurdish families are likely to own at least one car.
Kurdish identity is most endangered in Azerbaijan.
Kurdish literature is mostly poetry and stories akin to our fairy tales.
Kurdish music is neither learned music nor folk music, but all in one.
Kurdish option remains.
Kurdish people are basically more alike than are other people groups, and they feel it.
Kurdish people wear a turban, which they call a jamadani.
Kurdish prisoners are on a hunger strike.
Kurdish refugees do go to the far corners of the world and some are caught in the process.
Kurdish separatism is one of Turkey's hottest issues.
Kurdish society is traditionally tribal.
Kurdish unity is vital to enhancing the prospects of self-government evolving in Iraqi Kurdistan.
Kurdish villages continue to be evacuated and destroyed.
Kurdish women find themselves faced by difficulties in many different arenas.
Kurdish women play remarkable roles in Kurdistan theatres and arts.
Kurdish women see their fight for freedom reinforced by Kurdistan's liberation movement.
Every Kurdish woman is like a bomb.
A kurta is a shirt
Kurtas are one-size fits all.
All kurtas are unique.
Most Kurume azaleas are cold hardy and can be grown anywhere in Alabama.
KuryAkyn foot pegs.
Kusari ships are light and agile.
Kutch district is a prime candidate for the society's support.
A kutch is tannic acid
Kutch is an area worthy of interest both for archaeologists and historians.
Kutch looks like a war zone.
Kuwait constitution is a written one legislated by contract.
Kuwait emir accepts government resignation.
Kuwait people are loyal sports fans.
Kuwait is part of Asia.
Kuwait isa thing.
A kwela is dance music
Kwela publishes fresh, groundbreaking and authentically South African books.
Kies die verlangde hofie in die middel kolom deur met die pyltjies op of af te beweeg.
Kies hierboven waar u naartoe wilt.
KY can still hit for power and run the bags, though, so a rebound is still a possibility.
A kyphosis is a spinal curvature
Kyphosis contributes more to paraplegia as a result of tension on cord with flexion.
Kyphosis is a forward bending of the spine.
Kyphosis is also common in teens and adults.
Kyphosis is an abnormally increased rounding in the thoracic spine, as viewed from the side.
Kyphosis is an excessive round-back deformity common in teenagers.
Kyphosis is measured on a lateral radiograph of the thoracic spine, taken with the patient standing.
Kyphosis is spinal curvature, usually indicated by a forward bow in the upper back.
Kyphosis is the result of a disease or congenital problem.
Kyphosis isa abnormality.
Kyphosis limits the ability to take a deep breath, can impair digestion and disturb one s balance.
Kyphosis occurring at birth is rare.
Kyphosis occurs in the thoracic spine while the lumbar spine telescopes on itself as it collapses.
Kyphosis results from a variety of causes.
Kyphosises are diseases.
Some kyphosis is normal.
Some kyphosises occur in infants.
Kyrene units add critical power to meet peak power demands.
Kyrgyz law envisions a role for the aksakals in responding to cases of domestic violence.
Kyrgyz parliament blames govt.
Kyrgyzstan isa thing.
Kyrgyzstani laws favor companies with foreign capital investments.
Kyrgyzstani parliamentarians intend to indemnify material losses.
Kyuss members play metal with a sense of humor and pop sensibility.
Kyzylorda people are double hospitable people.
L beck is a port town at the Baltic Sea, northeast of Hamburg.
L c grows exponentially with L .
L c is the mirror loss, and G is the optical confinement factor.
Any L chain can combine with any H chain.
L events occur with less frequency and create lighter elements, such as silver.
L forms can arise spontaneously and can persist and divide repeatedly.
L glutamine is helpful repairs muscles if ure weight training.
L lysine suppresses the virus by improving the balance of nutrients that reduce viral growth.
L magazine is published nine times a year.
L o is no ordinary child.
L p is the magnetizing inductance, which limits the low frequency performance of the transformer.
L trains are local trains, calling at all stations.
L V be the pullback of g along w .
L waves are even slower and travel all the way along the surface.
L waves are the last to occur and have the longest periods.
L waves cause the most damage and set up tsunamis.
L waves generate outward from the epicenter on the surface of the earth.
A l is a metric
L abel the four sections, glue in the pieces, and draw the habitat.
L abels Only labels are traced.
L aboratories More water conservation tips for laboratory users.
L adle the soup on top.
L admits a list coloring.
L again Wearing of gloves is very important.
L agrees and adopts the procedure.
L ake Carolina is quite a vision to behold.
L ake front home or near a resort in central or northern Wisconsin.
L ake George Village is the hub of the resort area.
L anding a trophy bass on the fly rod is the ultimate quest for many saltwater fly fishermen.
L anding an apprenticeship can take a lot of persistence.
L andscaping includes wood chips and mulch.
L anguages A nd C ulture.
L appears with any other conversion wide-character, the behavior is undefined.
L appears with any other conversion wide-character, the behaviour is undefined.
L are a natural generalization of L p spaces.
L are parallel to each other and the y-axis, and are located in the xy plane as shown.
L are real numbers, and x is a set.
L are scientists, always working on the edge of knowledge.
L are the games the left player can move to .
L are the games the left player can move to.
L are usually laboratory courses.
L are very brittle so if using carob be very gentle.
L arsen is a Denver native.
L aube people working in a drum building yard in Dakar, Senegal.
L aunching a Web site is only a first step in conducting a successful campaign.
L based products do deliver almost immediate result.
L be an isomorphism of fields.
L becks Bookstore has an excellent selection of books for sale.
L becks Bookstore, has books for many interests.
L can back away , raise board , something like that.
L can be huge.
L can be of class double or of any integer class.
L can go.
L can have any numeric class.
L clicking on neuron.exe in the list of file names highlights the name of the program.
L cm where L cm is the angular momentum with respect to the c.m.
L commences the suit in state district court in Kansas.
L configurare to form from or after, fr.
L considerare to observe, think about, fr.
L contains at least two strings.
L contains at most one word of length n .
L contains the Plays complete.
L Decreases the score for the current message.
L defines an inductor.
L denotes latent heat.
L depend on frequency.
L deres del sector en Espa a.
L describes the behaviour of all the regexp metacharacters.
L Designates the generation or the sequence of generations following the parental generation.
L diethyl ether to extract and concentrate the acetic acid and inject the ether layer.
L disappears, as in a'ready and gent'man.
L ead invitationally.
L eading an active life often means eating on the go, especially in summer.
L eading removes leading characters from string .
L earn .
L earn a little more about the oceanside communities featured in Inside Eastern Shore.
L earn a strategy to put technology into context.
L earn about and explore key Web sites in advance.
L earn about good marketing and design techniques.
L earn about management leadership, performance standards, education and training, and more.
L earn about our application development services .
L earn about our club's officers.
L earn about our many patents and their significance to clinical success.
L earn about our services.
L earn about sources of funding other than student loans.
L earn about student support services and resources.
L earn about the importance and fragility of the wetlands ecosystem.
L earn about the regulars of mfw.
L earn about the signs of ovulation.
L earn about what is normal and what is abnormal in regards to menstrual cycles.
L earn and teach.
L earn backward stroking and crossovers along with T-stops.
L earn delayed gratification.
L earn essential business practices and protocol for setting up a successful practice.
L earn everything about the most sensual, erotic, exotic et sexual places of Greater Montreal.
L earn from experienced faculty .
L earn how e.
L earn how to answer challenges from non-Catholic and learn what they believe.
L earn how to give a glucagon shot and a blood sugar test in case of emergency.
L earn how to remove the front and rear quarters using a small knife.
L earn HTML coding from a master.
L earn hundreds of tantilizing facts on the mysterious walleye.
L earn more about antique schoolgirl samplers and silk embroideries.
L earn more about digital design and management issues.
L earn more about our agents by clicking on their photos above or below.
L earn more about our background and experience in our profiles section.
L earn more about our nation's number one cancer killer.
L earn more about our policies with growers .
L earn more about the financing process and get answers to frequently asked questions.
L earn more about the history of our Founder, Order and ministries.
L earn more and be proactive at the grassroots level.
L earn proper skinning techniques in the field using no block and tackle.
L earn that all is preordained.
L earn the basics of clay work, including pinch method, coiling, and slab rolling.
L earn the basics of different painting media, materials, brushwork, design and composition.
L earn the basics of wood block, etching, lithography, and screen printing with mini-tutorials.
L earn the difference between floating and sinking flies and lines.
L earn the difference between idleness and repose - one wastes time the other luxuriates in it.
L earn the hottest word processing software on the business scene today.
L earn the media's deadlines and restrictions.
L earn the way to a more positive, fulfilling life, full of energy, full of joy, full of love.
L earn to argue respectfully.
L earn to ask many questions.
L earn to be caring, responsible, quality workers with life-long personal goals.
L earn to be disciplined now.
L earn to be still.
L earn to call forth leaders.
L earn to eat light.
L earn to listen, learn to hear.
L earn to listen.
L earn to live with other people.
L earn to make delectable dishes and get tips for entertaining on our Recipes page.
L earn to relax.
L earn to say no.
L earn to sign the alphabet, numbers, and dozens of words, with clear, animated illustrations.
L earn to stop, drop to the ground, roll if clothes catch fire.
L earn to treat finding a job as a job.
L earn what customer satisfaction and personalized attention really mean.
L earn what cuts are best for steaks, roasts, burger and stew meats.
L earn what it takes to become a super-affiliate.
L earning a language is an important part of study abroad.
L earning a second language can be an extremely rewarding experience.
L earning good communication is about being a good listener.
L earning history is like building an enormous jigsaw puzzle.
L earning other languages is an important part of our school.
L earning the auctioneer chant takes practice.
L earning the truth is the first step toward the light.
L earning to cross country ski on a groomed and tracked trail also helps learn technique.
L earning to Sail while in the islands is a special treat.
L earning to use a computer requires a lot of hands on practice.
L easing offers numerous advantages over traditional financing methods.
L eave it to a newsman to find a typo.
L eave the alarm clock at home.
L eave the baptistry by way of the Gothic archway and return to the nave of the church.
L eave the hustle of city life behind.
L eave two extra lines of space above and one extra line of space below all headings.
L eaves all over the place.
L eaving furniture near a window is an invitation to climb.
L egal New Candidate Registration Please take a minute to register with iHireLegal.
L egends . . .
L emends to hale , on the witness of E, thus improving the eye-rhyme with tale and sale .
L enjoys walking, going to the mall and going to the movies.
L etting go is hard to do.
L etting go.
L etting Go.
L ewis new page format .
L expands to the hostname of the local virtual domain.
L form the identity of the acronym.
L Gay et all.
L get closer and closer to each other as x .
L get r centralt p land.
L goes surfing on the net.
L goes to infinity at the end of the calculations.
L grades no longer give credit hours.
L has absolutely no clue as to the motivations which stir human behavior.
L has anouncements of jobs in Asia.
L has exactly the same resonant frequencies as an open cylindrical pipe of the same length has.
L has neither gross income nor loss.
L has no money.
L has no other assets.
L has roots.
L has to be constant for a closed system.
L ichen planus is a chronic disease which can appear in the mouth and on the skin.
L ie flat, preferably upon a rug or mat on a hard surface such as the floor.
L ift up handset and listen for dial tone.
L ifts dust, dirt, oil and grease.
L igh an sliocht go mall.
L igh c pla uair .
L ight a charcoal fire in a backyard smoker.
L ike a fire when it's cold outside, or thunder when it rains.
L ike a medieval fortress or great cathedral, the structure dominates all that is around it.
L ike all Co-ops.
L ike all of the other positive comments here.
L ike all other art forms in Finland, the survival of dance depends on state support.
L ike ants on the march, tourists wander the Swiss mountainsides in search of visual thrills.
L ike any art, acting contains a wealth of contradictions.
L ike any other game of chance, the odds do prevail when it comes to the lottery.
L ike any other living, growing thing, love requires effort to keep it healthy.
L ike any other medium, a strong, well planned advertising strategy is necessary to be successful.
L ike everything on the Web someone owns the rights to graphical content.
L ike many other Saskatchewan towns, there is some doubt about our name.
L ike many small craft breweries, our facility is a mix of older and state of the art equipment.
L ike most cabin cruisers, it is possible to change the cabin configuration.
L ike other green plants, algae produce oxygen through photosynthesis while the sun is shining.
L ike other human activities, reading is a complex, multi-leveled phenomenon.
L ike the American language, the earliest American literature copied English models.
L ike the cockroach and the common cold, techno-utopian hopes persevere.
L ike the commercial varieties of garlic and onions, the native plant, ramps, is a lily.
L ike the earlier tent, it has an internal frame and large, zippered flaps.
L ike the figures and whistles, the manufacturing of seals was made in series utilizing casts.
L ike the fire when it's cold outside, or thunder when it rains.
L ike the magazines on the table.
L ike the memorial, itself, the video makes no political statement.
L ike the other gas planets , Uranus has rings .
L ike the other gas planets, Uranus has bands of clouds that blow around rapidly.
L ike the rest of the Inn, all rooms are smoke-free.
L ike the trees, the oceans also act as natural sinks taking in carbon dioxide.
L illustrate effective or ineffective handling of an administrative situation.
L imiting moisture slows bacterial growth by denying bacteria sufficient water to meet their needs.
L imparfait Take the nous form of a verb in the present tense and leave off -ons.
L implies that there are no measurable cardinals.
L includes inter-company transferees and their dependents.
L includes intra-company transferees and their dependents.
L includes intracompany transferees and their dependents.
L indicates a licensed program.
L indicates a local call, R a regional call, and a dash a national rate call.
L indicates courses with laboratory.
L indicates it is non-portal hypertension related.
L Indicates that information from the astronomical literature is given.
L indicates the presence of a light sensor.
L indicates two power connectors, on the input and output side of the card.
L ine O rdering S ystem is a service that all of our corporate customers can benefit from.
L ine the roasting pan with heavy foil.
L inking evaluation and development is a difficult task for teachers, evaluators, and principals.
L inking to related sites, as identified and required, is done free of charge.
L inks .
L inks below The original pages are now doorways.
L inks for web builders.
L inks From A to Z .
L inks Links are the most fundamental part of the world wide web.
L inks places of interest to visit misc.
L inks to geogr.
L inks to interesting web-sites and other sources of information.
L inks to job and career resources on the Internet.
L inks to jobs, resumes, counseling, contacts, and research.
L inks to key information resources such as national and research sites.
L inks to land yachting resources world-wide.
L inks to online resources.
L inks to other cool places.
L inks to other great sites on the web.
L inks to other Northwest Indiana organizations and companies.
L inks to other pages of interest.
L inks to other sites of interest.
L inks to other websites that explore the concepts of creativity and communication.
L inks to performance relates sites.
L inks to prevention and rehabilitation issues and resources.
L inks to reenactment groups .
L inks to related sites.
L inks to selected programs are below.
L inks to trial consulting firms on the internet.
L inks to various artists, art styles and art forms.
L inks to various pages of interest.
L inks Under construction.
L inks updates.
L inks users to state and county genealogy web sites.
L is a bit more involved.
L is a citizen of Nebraska.
L is a course designed to give students basic knowledge of food service operations.
L is a crouching lion.
L is a distributive lattice.
L is a dominating woman.
L is a finite set of characters called the input alphabet .
L is a function of the coordinates and the velocities .
L is a function that operations on an information, intentional or evaluative state.
L is a good plant for such studies.
L is a horizontal asymptote of f .
L is a list that has been created.
L is a lower triangular matrix.
L is a measure for the probability of observing the particular sample y at hand.
L is a place for local assessment personnel to share and obtain resources, ideas, and support.
L is a private community.
L is a process with discrete jumps.
L is a pxk matrix of loadings.
L is a real number.
L is a representation with finite image.
L is a satellite of the principal.
L is a statement in some recursively axiomatized logic.
L is a unit lower triangular band matrix.
L is a unit lower triangular matrix.
L is a visual, performance-theater artist and educator who makes culture out of contradiction.
L is about seven in ten thousand.
L is ad-nilpotent.
L is all the stray induction, a little number.
L is almost a factor of two lower than that of the most sensitive previous circuits.
L is also for Lunatic.
L is an acronym for micrograms per liter .
L is an electronic mailing and discussion list for the discussion of nursing history.
L is an integer larger than one.
L is an unmoderated mailing list and central electronic archive.
L is another way to counter wake-up attacks, but it's less fun.
L is assigned tasks and centers through out the day.
L is at a maximum.
L is attached.
L is called a horizontal asymptote of f .
L is closure.
L is con uent on terms containing only term variables.
L is co-noetherian.
L is considered implicitely to be a field over the subfield K .
L is context-free.
L is d cm instead of water depth.
L is different.
L is doomed to end in divorce.
L is entirely different, requiring a kind of nimbleness of the tongue that is missing in English.
L is false.
L is finite.
L is for . . .
L is for L eadership, showing the way.
L is for ladybug.
L is for language.
L is for Laptop.
L is for Large.
L is for laughing kids on the holiday.
L is for lavish.
L is for leader.
L is for learning , which our kids do if they're taught properly.
L is for learning.
L is for leaves, and even more leaves that fall.
L is for Legos Legos are very fun to play with and to make things.
L is for lemmings .
L is for lepard.
L is for lesbian.
L is for lifetime lifestyle change and P is for personal .
L is for light, a for amplification by, s for stimulated, e for emission of, and r for radiation.
L is for lightning streaks in the sky.
L is for limo.
L is for lions that roar at people.
L is for list of our spelling words.
L is for listening to the birds chirp and sing.
L is for Lists , an indispensable tool when planning a gathering.
L is for Little .
L is for long-term.
L is for Losing It - New writing from Glasgow.
L is for loss in which the only time is after the end.
L is for lots of presents.
L is for Lotto Matching Games - made with magazine pictures or objects.
L is for lotus.
L is for Love .
L is for Love and Light . . .
L is for love.
L is for Love.
L is for Lowland.
L is for the love and devotion they give to the children's cause.
L is full and faithful.
L is given by the sum of L divided by the number of items in L .
L is greater than each D and Z .
L is Heyting.
L is horizontal asymptote of f .
L is idempotent.
L is induced.
L is inductance in henries.
L is infinite.
L is initialized.
L is inside and parallel to the axis of the solenoid.
L is isomorphic.
L is kernel.
L is lamb chops.
L is left.
L is length of beam.
L is literally one pixel.
L is lower-bounded.
L is made antisymmetric.
L is marginal.
L is monotone.
L is necessary.
L is no longer available.
L is now available, and includes an inductive proof of the correctness of the construction.
L is now ready to use.
L is packed with catalytic pellets.
L is part of the next generation of meteorological satellites and introduces two new features.
L is placed a distance b to the right of the origin.
L is produced at almost the same position as n , so some people confuse the two sounds.
L is projection.
L is proved.
L is regular.
L is reinstated.
L is replaced by the display's language specification.
L is roots.
L is seated in an even-numbered seat.
L is sent.
L is significant for several reasons.
L is somewhere between O and E, in that order.
L is such an asymptote.
L is than a degree of longitude at the equator.
L is the approximate position of significant mid-level mesolow features.
L is the combined length of contour lines in feet.
L is the distance between the tip of the hair and the surface of the skin.
L is the distance from either polarizer to the closest detector.
L is the distance of P from the observer.
L is the distance the block travels.
L is the exposure limit for that substance specified.
L is the father of the child.
L is the file's symbolic link contents.
L is the fraction of the disk that is illuminated.
L is the given number .
L is the ground lead inductance.
L is the heat of transition.
L is the inductance of the inductor.
L is the largest event time in the data.
L is the largest observed time in the data.
L is the length and f is the focal length.
L is the length of the channel or reach.
L is the length of the coil.
L is the length of the conductor.
L is the length of the fiber.
L is the length of the flat sheet of metal measured also in feet.
L is the length of the incline.
L is the length of the lag.
L is the length of the pendulum.
L is the length of the pipe.
L is the length of the rolls.
L is the length of the section that is being gridded.
L is the length of time such a civilisation remains detectable.
L is the length.
L is the load command.
L is the longer-lived mass eigenstate of the neutral kaon system.
L is the lowest achievable level.
L is the lowest price of the current period.
L is the name of the desired locale.
L is the number of lags.
L is the number of the losing bets.
L is the point of intersection of the later position of the circle and the line.
L is the point on the outside rim of the clock that the little hand is pointing to.
L is the proportion of usability problems discovered while testing a single user.
L is the recognition site for mannose phosphorylation.
L is the self inductance of the inductor coil.
L is the severity level of the error.
L is the size of the grey-scale viewing area, in meters.
L is the Strike price, the price at which the option owner can buy stock when the option matures.
L is the symbol for litre, a unit of volume.
L is the total edge length of the obstacles.
L is the total length of the antenna.
L is the unsupported free length of a column.
L is the value of losing a single game.
L is then an operator , specifically called the orbital angular momentum operator .
L is too complex for simple calculations.
L is tossed onto the plane.
L is treated as the right hand side of an assignment.
L is trivial.
L is unhealthy for swimming.
L is union of some equivalence classes of right invariant equivalence relation R of finite index.
L is upper-bounded.
L is used as a stimulant, appetite suppressant, and antidepressant.
L is used for books and scores.
L is used for locations.
L is used when followed by a noun.
L is used.
L is where .
L is wound on a separate form and is mounted at right angles to the coupled windings.
L is, if anything, even more poignant.
L isa unit.
L ist a range of possible sources.
L ist a variety of possible sources with assistance.
L ist the three kinds of claims.
L isted below are answers to our clients' most frequently asked questions.
L isted below are but a few of our Web designs.
L isted below are current position opportunities that are available.
L isted below are links to various sites on the internet.
L isted below are pictures of ships, divided into sections like naval, historical, sailing etc.
L isted below are prices for some of our services.
L isted below are several industry links.
L isted below are several signs of addiction.
L isted below are some of our most requested resource and information materials.
L isted below are the departments ready to receive visitors.
L isted below are the latest step sheet additions to the site.
L isted below is a sample of available link types.
L isten .
L isten and repeat with teacher.
L isten and stay calm.
L isten carefully .
L isten carefully to interview questions and respond as clearly as possible.
L isten intently.
L isten to what the caregiver's needs are.
L iving a spiritual life means more than one hour of church a week.
L iving beings come out of rocks and go back into rocks.
L iving life successfully also demands finding the right direction .
L iz wholeheartedly agrees.
L leads to Rapid growth often leads to problems.
L leaves to go to bars.
L Let a llama do the work.
L lies at a distance r from an infinite wire carrying a current i.
L Link up with the local public library for a cooperative activity.
L Look at the folder list .
L Look at the property with the all new live web cam.
L makes a motion to transfer the case to federal court in New Jersey.
L makes theater of bingeing and purging.
L meaning the resident is in imminent danger.
L means to insert the floating point value of the little hand.
L move the cursor to the last line in the window.
L Moves the cursor to the bottom line of the screen.
L moves the cursor to the last line of the screen.
L Moves the cursor to the last line on the screen.
L Never try to cut bamboo joints.
L nzate y compru balo.
L oads multiple web sites simultaneously.
L ocate all of the controls for the condenser.
L ocate links to dozens of the most popular vegan groups around the USA in our Favorite Links area.
L ocate neurological disease and disability information.
L ocate regimental summaries.
L ocate the fourth, fifth and sixth roots of unity.
L occultare frequent.
L odging is available at local motels or bed and breakfasts.
L odging percent is based on counts of lodged and total plants in harvested area at all locations.
L odging, dining and some events have a limited capacity.
L offers emailing list for exchanging info with others.
L ondon provides a feast of history and beauty.
L ook back and evaluate.
L ooking A head Charge it .
L ooks good enough to eat, and smells like a fresh-baked roll as well.
L Order the terms in the truth table in the same order in which they appear in the argument.
L osing a newborn infant or enduring a miscarriage is every parent's nightmare.
L oss notwithstanding, concentrated, blasted bowlers, won applause.
L ove a life that serves as a positive model.
L ove imparts to thee.
L ove one another.
L oving care from family members is important to the recovery process.
L ower the temperature.
L owering the heels is one way to reestablish pastern axis.
L pa is to be found in the North-Bohemia.
L passes, the trust can choose to ignore the taxpayers' wishes.
L qua unary and algebraic theories respectively.
L quida y concentrada en sobres.
L reach front.
L reads where , .
L recognizes the difference between fact and opinion presented in a text.
L refers to courses with a laboratory.
L refers to courses with laboratory.
L refers to games lost.
L refers to hours of laboratory.
L represents depth in feet.
L represents the labor endowment of the country.
L repudiates the contract.
L responds affirmatively to an offer from the speaker s to take the floor.
L returns the number of s-expressions in the list.
L rufescens Fr.
L See above.
L See Fig.
L seems lighter than R, in which case the contrast effect is recognised.
L seems to be the pathogenesis of paracoccidioidomycosis in most patients.
L sells the collateral portfolio and buys back the lent one.
L sends conitinuous Idle.
L sends continuous Idle.
L ser tratamiento posterior, crema equilibrante.
L shape the bottom part being about the same size as a bravo lcd.
L shows first stage loaded.
L shows that staining in the mandibular arch is restricted to the cells of the mesenchyme.
L specifies a new line and left-justifies the second string under the first.
L stands for coarse language.
L stands for left context.
L stands for lez.
L stands for limited atonement .
L stands for limited atonement.
L stands for what they learned about the topic.
L stays for loricariids hence L-number.
L still pose some risk.
L sues everyone.
L suggests going inside.
L take action to reduce indoor-radon concentrations.
L take immediate action.
L tfen a a daki Internet gezginlerinden birini bilgisayar n za y kleyiniz.
L then converges to our cage.
L then let kidneys do the rest.
L tjuk a h zat.
L translates into the total number of processes running on the host.
L Turn off loopback of multicast packets.
L unches fuel riders with fruits, nuts and grains.
L Use electronic communication to streamline business processes and reduce long-term costs.
L Use the ellipse frame tool to create a circular or oval placeholder for text and graphics.
L wants the case moved to New Jersey.
L Welcome to the houran-kai.
L wo is expressed in load units.
L z a set of two linear equations for is obtained.
Ls are letters.
Ls are part of alphabets.
Ls are part of hls.
Ls have (part) centiliters.
Ls have (part) cls.
L often lack azurophilic cytoplasmic granules.
All l is s.
Some l inks for students of sociology.
L.E.C.A stone is a type of clay which is super-fired to create a porous medium.
L.I.T program includes stayover trip to Six Flags on the weekend.
La boutique garantees the origin of each item by furnishing a certificate of authenticity.
La compression d'images par ondelettes .
LA County declares an emergency and requests anyone with an extra washboard to send it west.
LA County is a global community.
All LA courses receive general elective credit.
La Crosse is free from threat, danger, and harassment.
La Crosse scores five in the first en route to victory.
La Crosse Welcome to La Crosse.
La fiesta empieza a las nueve.
La grande loi sur l'Internet se fait attendre.
La Hacienda offers daily lunch and dinner specials, and everything on the menu is moderately priced.
La Marguerite favours restraint, decorum and melody.
La Marina is elegant, in a classic oceanfront hotel.
La Mariposa is a no-smoking house.
La Mina has a freshly made salsa served in big black bowls that has a heavy cilantro presence.
LA stations send consecutive serial number and parish.
A la is a syllable
LA also has cars more than any other place on earth.
LA also has more than one mass transit system.
LA also has parties to recognize retirements as well as celebrating the holidays.
La caronade dans la marine francaise.
LA Consists of time-honored methods of developing drawing skills by working with the human form.
LA deserves every accolade they have.
LA designates a liberal arts course.
LA does have roaming pacts of dogs.
LA draws first blood on a lay-up.
La estrategia que demostr fue imposible de alcanzar.
La giornata d' uno scrutatore.
LA has a gorgeous, insane downtown.
LA has an enormously viable character voice market via the cartoon shows.
LA has approximately one million acres of state-owned oyster reefs open during the season.
LA has more colleges and universities than the entire state of Massachusetts.
LA has no home team.
LA has one of the most dynamically growing economies in the world.
LA has the best public art in the state, and the website presents it quite well.
LA has the fourth largest African-American population in the United States.
LA is a city of much fun and diversity.
LA is a city which lives on immigrant labor.
LA is a county in crisis.
LA is a great city but no one here knows how to prepare baked stuffed lobster.
LA is a joke.
LA is a natural base for day-tripping.
LA is a one-horse town.
LA is a perfect setting for it because it's just a city of lost souls.
La is a radioactive isotope of lanthanum.
LA is a safe and effective approach in most patients with adrenal pathology.
LA is a state of mind and a state of discovery.
LA is a very strange place.
LA is abundant in polyunsaturated safflower, sunflower, and corn oils.
LA is actually a conglomeration of many small suburbs.
LA is administered by the L nder.
LA is art.
LA is as beautiful as it is a dump.
LA is definitely a major date on all international DJs' tours.
LA is definitely back.
La is definitely on point with the flow.
LA is fairly unstable, reacting with light and oxygen.
LA is fantasyland.
LA is found in safflower, sunflower, hemp, soybean,walnut, pumpkin, sesame, and flax.
LA is full of celebrity look-alikes, who make a living pretty much living as a star.
LA is fun.
LA is highly undesirable because it undergoes oxidation and rancidity quickly.
LA is important because in optimizes water permeability in the skin.
LA is in much more danger .
LA is intense, nerve-wrecking, and disturbing.
LA is like a bowl with a lid on it.
LA is like that, too.
LA is more or less a desert shoved up against the ocean.
LA is no more crime ridden than anyplace else.
LA is now the second-largest Iranian city in the world.
LA is one of the world's most diverse cities.
LA is out there in the haze somewhere.
LA is pretty crazy.
LA is prime territory to make our presence known.
LA is really a great city.
LA is supposed to be listening.
LA is the classic example for that.
La is the definite article that corresponds to feminine nouns - la casa, la mesa, la ventana .
LA is the land of limousines, so hiring a personal driver here is commonplace.
LA is the official abbreviation for the American state of Louisiana .
LA is too diverse, there is no central convenient place for meetings.
LA is traditional brands, lots of entertainment and apparel.
LA is wavelength.
LA is weird.
La isa syllable.
LA knows who their starters are, who all their subs are.
LA makes up the richest ethnic mix in the country.
LA means Late.
La means no in Arabic.
La misma no intenta ni constituye una consultor a legal, ni de ning n otro tipo.
LA offers one-stop technology standards licensing program.
LA prepares to leave dockside.
LA Presents the basic drug classes and the physiological basis of their action.
LA reaches new horizons every day.
La redecouverte de l'esprit.
LA results in less postoperative pain and fewer wound infections.
LA seems pretty sane.
LA suffers the equivalent of a myocardial infarct.
LA takes another new part on the screen as the energy pump for a recycled America.
LA wakes up to a new rock n' roll era.
LAs are upperclass and graduate students who work with first year students on academic skills.
LA always has an upcoming workshop or two.
Lab activities demonstrate induction methods.
Lab activities demonstrate methods.
Lab animals are due the same right to freedom from oppression that people enjoy.
Lab animals get better care than that given by the average pet owner.
Lab assistants are able to earn a small income and gain valuable professional experience.
Lab assistants are also available on a limited basis to assist students.
Lab assistants are available as required to assist students in their studies.
Lab Assistants are available at the following times.
Lab assistants are available during all hours of operation.
Lab assistants are available during all open lab hours to operate equipment.
Lab assistants are available during all operational hours.
Lab assistants are available during lab hours to answer questions and provide assistance.
Lab assistants are available during posted duty hours to provide on-site guidance.
Lab assistants are available in each computer laboratory to help students with any difficulties.
Lab Assistants are available in each of the labs to help students with their computing questions.
Lab assistants are available in each residence hall and academic lab.
Lab Assistants are available in most labs to help students use the computers.
Lab assistants are available on a limited basis.
Lab assistants are available to answer questions and give help as needed.
Lab assistants are available to answer questions.
Lab assistants are available to assist students during all hours of operation.
Lab assistants are available to assist students in the lab.
Lab assistants are available to assist with the scanning or to troubleshoot any problems.
Lab assistants are available to help students who have difficulties while in the lab.
Lab assistants are available to help with software questions or problems.
Lab assistants are available whenever labs are open, except where noted.
Lab assistants are available.
Lab assistants are easily identifiable.
Lab assistants are knowledgeable about hardware problems.
Lab assistants are knowledgeable about software problems.
Lab assistants are normally on duty during the afternoon and evening hours.
Lab assistants are on duty throughout the day.
Lab assistants are on duty to assist with questions and computer related problems.
Lab assistants are on duty whenever a computer lab is open.
Lab assistants are on hand at all times.
Lab Assistants are present to remedy problems related to the general operation of the lab.
LAB assistants are really helpful.
Lab assistants are students from our computer science department.
Lab assistants are upper level math majors who are available to help upon request.
Lab Assistants attend all class sessions, take notes, and read all assigned material.
Lab assistants can also provide assistance installing ethernet cards.
Lab Assistants can provide a basic help and support with other students' class assignment.
Lab Assistants can provide support with common problems and answer questions.
Lab assistants critique student performance and provide feedback.
Lab assistants duplicate audio materials for instructors as needed.
Lab assistants give first priority to students with assignments to be checked off.
Lab assistants have a designated work station in each lab.
Lab assistants have no obligation to provide information that was covered in class.
Lab assistants have to circulate and provide assistance to students as they work on their tasks.
Lab assistants have various duties.
Lab assistants offer limited assistance to students on software supported by the university.
Lab assistants position additional timbers using the water to displace the weight of the timbers.
Lab assistants provide hands on assistance such as lifting objects or describing visual materials.
Lab assistants provide important support for almost all the laboratories offered in the curriculum.
Lab assistants provide onsite help for new and experienced users.
Lab Assistants receive a stipend.
Lab block is a special food made to exactly meet the nutritional requirements of rats.
Lab blocks are commercially available in most pet food stores and store easily.
Lab book is due at the final exam.
Lab book is optional.
Lab books are due at the end of the semester.
Lab books are due at the final .
LAB books are original and researched in the region.
A lab coat is a coat
Lab coat is required.
Lab coats are also a good idea if prone to spilling on oneself.
Lab coats are available.
Lab coats are coats.
Lab coats are the new look in Classics.
Lab coats are white.
Lab coats makes it authentic.
Lab coats provide protection to the individual from minimal exposures to hazardous materials.
Lab coats work well.
Lab color is consistent color regardless of the device producing the color.
Lab colors are convenient and fun to work with.
Lab equipment includes generators, dynamometers, oscilloscopes and transformers.
Lab equipment includes steam distillation equipment, and a gas chromatograph.
Lab equipment is distributed to the campus to enhance the scholarly environment.
Lab equipment is reviewed for replacement or upgrade on a regular basis.
All lab equipment is state of the art, and kept in current calibration.
Most lab equipment uses hardware handshaking.
Some lab equipment is available on a sign-out basis.
Lab journal needs to be handed in at end of class today.
Lab journals are an effective way to emphasize the importance of writing in science.
Lab journals are to be turned in immediately upon completion.
Lab notebooks are generally the size of tabloid paper.
Lab notebooks are to be handed in at the end of the period and left in the lab.
Lab partners are supposed to write their own reports, identical reports earn a grade of zero.
Lab partners work together on common specimens and unknowns.
Some lab partners complete steps.
Some lab partners get equal opportunity.
Some lab partners get opportunity.
Lab rat goes quisling when the animals revolt.
Lab report is due at the beginning of the following lab.
Lab report is due one week after the completion of each experiment.
Lab report is due the following week.
Lab report is Due.
Lab reports are analyses of our class experiments.
Lab reports are due a week after a certain experiment is completed.
Lab reports are due a week after the lab is completed.
Lab reports are due approximately once a week at the beginning of wednesday class.
Lab reports are due as shown on the lab schedule.
Lab reports are due as soon as they are completed.
Lab reports are due at class time one week from the lab date.
Lab reports are due at the beginning of class on the date stated on the syllabus.
Lab reports are due at the beginning of class on the due date assigned by the instructor.
Lab reports are due at the beginning of class one week after the experiment is performed.
Lab reports are due at the beginning of class.
Lab reports are due at the beginning of lab .
Lab reports are due at the beginning of lab, one week after the completion of the experiment.
Lab reports are due at the beginning of the class on the day specified.
Lab reports are due at the beginning of the class period.
Lab reports are due at the beginning of the lab meeting the week after they are assigned.
Lab reports are due at the beginning of the next experiment.
Lab reports are due at the beginning of the next lab meeting after the completion of the experiment.
Lab reports are due at the beginning of the next lab section.
Lab reports are due at the beginning of the next lab session.
Lab Reports are due at the beginning of the next lab session.
Lab reports are due at the beginning of the next lab.
Lab reports are due at the beginning of the next laboratory.
Lab reports are due at the beginning of the next week's laboratory meeting time.
Lab reports are due at the end of the following lab period.
Lab reports are due at the end of the lab period on the day that the lab exercise is done.
Lab reports are due at the end of the lab period.
Lab reports are due at the end of the lab.
Lab reports are due at the start of the next lab meeting unless otherwise announed.
Lab reports are due at the very beginning of the class one week after the experiment is done.
Lab reports are due before the start of class one week after the experiment is performed.
Lab reports are due by the stated deadline .
Lab reports are due during lab on the dates indicated in the laboratory schedule or sign-up sheet.
Lab Reports are due in class on the date assigned.
Lab reports are due in lab one week after completion of the experiment.
Lab reports are due in lab the following week.
Lab reports are due no later than one week from the last day of an experiment.
Lab reports are due no later than the beginning of lecture the following week.
Lab reports are due no later than two weeks after performing the experiment.
Lab reports are due on the days listed below.
Lab reports are due one day after the last scheduled lab session for that experiment.
Lab reports are due one week after assignment unless told otherwise.
Lab reports are due one week after completion of the lab.
Lab reports are due one week after each lab.
Lab reports are due one week after the completion of the experiment.
Lab reports are due one week after the day the experiment is performed.
Lab reports are due one week after the experiment data taking is completed.
Lab reports are due one week after the experiment has been carried out.
Lab reports are due one week after the experiment is completed.
Lab reports are due one week after the experiment is performed.
Lab reports are due one week after the lab is conducted.
Lab reports are due one week after the lab was performed.
Lab reports are due one week after the laboratory session.
Lab reports are due one week after the laboratory.
Lab reports are due one week following the lab.
Lab reports are due one week from the date the lab activity is first assigned.
Lab reports are due on-line on the dates indicated in the laboratory schedule.
Lab reports are due the day the lab exercise is completed .
Lab reports are due the following lab period.
Lab reports are due the following week at the beginning of the period.
Lab reports are due the following week.
Lab Reports are due the week after the regularly scheduled lab, at the beginning of lab.
Lab reports are due two school days after the experiment is completed by the class.
Lab reports are due two weeks after the completion of that laboratory module.
Lab reports are due two weeks after the date of the lab recitation.
Lab reports are due two weeks after the lab is performed.
Lab reports are due within one week of the completion of the experiment.
Lab reports are due, usually, at the beginning of the next lab period.
Lab reports are evidence.
Lab Reports are generally due in lab the following week they are assigned.
Lab Reports are generally due in the lab the following week they are assigned.
Lab reports are generally due one week after completing the lab.
Lab Reports are generally due the following week in lab.
Lab reports are individual projects, no copying is permitted.
Lab reports are individual.
Lab reports are normally due the following week at the beginning of the period.
Lab reports are nothing but busy work.
Lab reports are out of bounds.
Lab reports are part of the collegial writing agreement.
Lab reports are quite informal.
Lab reports are to be an individual effort.
Lab reports are to be completed and handed in on the following day at the latest.
Lab reports are to be done in pen.
Lab reports are to be handed in during the next lab meeting.
Lab reports are to be minimal and to the point, as indicated in the lab procedures.
Lab reports are to be prepared after the laboratory work.
Lab reports are to be written independently by each student.
Lab reports are to be written up in a specific format which indicates who did what.
Lab reports are typically due within one week of assignment.
Lab reports are usually due before the start of lab one week after the lab report was assigned.
Lab reports consist of both pre-lab and postlab assignments.
Lab Reports consist of the completed report form and a typed discussion.
Lab reports give information on hematology, blood cells, and data about plasma.
Lab reports represent a special case of academic honesty.
Lab reports represent individual effort.
Lab reports show little change in the nutrients even after up to three years in the freezer.
Lab reports take various forms.
Lab reports teach the student skills in communications.
All lab reports are due at the end of the lab period and proper grammar is required.
All lab reports are due at the next lab session.
All lab reports are due by the end of the semester.
All lab reports are due by the following lab.
All lab reports are due on the assigned dates .
All lab reports are due one week after collection of data.
All lab reports are due one week after completing the experiment.
All lab reports are due one week after the lab is completed.
All lab reports are due one week after the scheduled lab has been completed.
All lab reports are due one week from the day the lab is done.
All lab reports are due within two weeks of beginning the experiment.
All lab reports are to be included in the course portfolios.
All lab reports are to be solo efforts.
All lab reports are to be written in a single bound laboratory notebook.
All lab reports are to due one week after the completion of the laboratory exercise.
All lab reports carry equal weight.
All lab reports have to be generated on a computer and handed in on time.
Every lab report is essentially a process analysis essay.
Most lab reports show the normal range and highlight any test results outside the normal range.
Lab schools provide services that go beyond what a traditional school offers.
Lab schools vary widely.
Lab techs are here to assist with lab operations.
Lab techs interpret the data supplied by the computers tied to the spectrometers.
Lab technicians provide samples.
Lab technicians provide urine samples.
Lab technicians recommend use.
Lab test results provide information.
Lab tests confirm suspicion.
Lab tests reveal symptoms.
Lab tests show levels.
Lab waste is to be disposed of as described by the instructor.
Lab wastes are unloaded at the short term storage area for determination of disposition.
Lab workers use equipment.
A lab is work
Lab allows teachers to explore new ideas in learning.
Lab applies electronic theory to operation of audio systems.
Lab are an important part of a programming course, although most often abused.
Lab are open to all students.
Lab are very important in understanding concepts for students.
Lab begins promptly on the hour so please be on time .
Lab can provide casts, moulds of fossils on the basis of nominal charges.
Lab can wait.
Lab check in.
Lab combines cardio-vascular and strength exercises in an full body workout circuit.
Lab concentrates on thin-section study of sedimentary rocks.
Lab conducts tests of web sites and software for accessibility.
Lab consists of biological buffers, protein and DNA analysis, histology and enzyme kinetics.
Lab consists of constructing and troubleshooting circuits discussed in lecture.
Lab consists of field research at a quarry, roadcut, or other geologic exposure.
Lab consists of problem diagnosis, a complete engine overhaul and performance testing.
Lab consists of problem diagnosis, major engine repair, and performance testing.
Lab consists of troubleshooting systems on the market today.
Lab consists or troubleshooting selected microcomputer systems.
Lab constantly samples the fuel.
Lab continues development of individual military skills.
Lab continues keyboard, form and analysis.
Lab covers complexation chemistry and inorganic synthesis of compounds.
Lab covers genetics of fruit flies, fungi, microbes, and humans.
Lab covers principles and techniques of interviewing families.
Lab covers quantitative aspects of chemistry and necessary accuracy for such work.
Lab covers taxonomic identification of preserved and fresh clinical samples.
Lab covers the specifics of plant morphology with prepared slides and preserved and living plants.
Lab covers unconsolidated sediment, hand specimen, and field techniques.
Lab covers unconsolidated sediment, hand specimen, subsurface, and field techniques.
Lab Create a document that has a left or right floating paragraph or division.
Lab Create and execute program.
Lab creates, tests devices to put handicapped people on job.
Lab developing differences - shows the same photo developed by a standard and custom lab.
Lab directly follows lab lecture.
Lab Do the files lab .
Lab Do the lab .
Lab Do the lab on records .
Lab drive The lab drive is a read-only drive.
Lab emphasizes identification of specimens and acquaintance with taxonomic literature.
Lab emphasizes identification of Utah species.
Lab emphasizes independent research and field study in local habitats.
Lab emphasizes science as a process.
Lab emphasizes using, testing, and troubleshooting various audio system components.
Lab emphasizes various techniques of structural analysis.
Lab emphasizes writing for scientific journals.
Lab ends with a discussion of the materials, concepts, etc.
Lab entails three detailed experimental reports including full literature review.
Lab exercises .
Lab exercises dealing with food preservation, spoilage, and food poisoning.
Lab exercises focus on specific applications in natural habitats and in rural and urban settings.
Lab exercises illustrate concepts presented in lecture.
Lab exercises on a variety of vascular plants.
Lab exercises on basic measurement techniques, weather maps, forecasting.
Lab exercises on insect identification, disease diagnosis, and pest scouting.
Lab exercises utilizing wolf spiders .
Lab exercises with typical circuits data collection and report writing.
Lab exists to support experimental investigations into the small scale physics of the ocean.
Lab focuses on cloning and recombinant DNA techniques.
Lab focuses on experimental design.
Lab focuses on identification of invertebrates living in Wisconsin.
Lab focuses on preparation and testing of composite materials and their constituents.
Lab follows course concepts.
Lab has advisors.
Lab has even more strict requirement on visitors.
Lab hires first and only contractor conversion position.
Lab hold three seats.
Lab II out.
Lab immediately releases quantitative results to physician.
Lab includes a water quality assessment of local watershed with respect to microbial flora.
Lab includes alignment, measurement, and adjustment of various steering and suspension components.
Lab includes application of theories using energized equipment and test tools.
Lab includes applications of the theory and analysis of materials, quantitative techniques.
Lab includes audio and video media.
Lab includes basic techniques and practical applications of theory, use of basic technology.
Lab includes biotechnological and biochemical experiments.
Lab includes both study of preserved material and field experiences of local vertebrates.
Lab includes cat dissections.
Lab includes collection of data on human and animal behavior for analysis and report writing.
Lab includes construction of language processors and exprience with programming environments.
Lab includes construction of window displays and props, signing, and flat panel techniques.
Lab includes data acquisition, retrieval, and analysis.
Lab includes demonstrations of manufacturing processes and visits to manufacturing plants.
Lab includes description and classification of sedimentary rocks.
Lab includes descriptive geometry, use of the stereonet, and computer applications.
Lab includes disassembly, inspection, and reassembly of heavy duty diesel engines.
Lab includes dissection of a cat, sheep eye, kidney, heart, and larynx.
Lab includes examination and application of hardware utilized by health educators.
Lab includes examination and application of software utilized by health educators.
Lab includes experiences on mannequins and patients.
Lab includes experiments involving general, organic, and biochemistry topics.
Lab includes field and petrographic analysis of rock suites.
Lab includes field collection of samples and acquisition, analysis, and interpretation of data.
Lab includes field studies and weekend field trips.
Lab includes field trips.
Lab includes greenhouse, field experiments, and library reports.
Lab includes human genetics, the isolation of DNA, and animal dissections.
Lab includes identification of parasites using prepared slides and collected specimens.
Lab includes instrument familiarization and coastal ocean cruises.
Lab includes instrumentation, qualitative analysis, and topics related to lecture.
Lab includes interpretation of topographic maps and aerial photos.
Lab includes introduction to available hardware.
Lab includes large animal treatment procedures.
Lab includes measurement of soil nutrients and water pollutants.
Lab includes methods of interpretation and presentation of field project data.
Lab includes methods of measurement, analysis and interpretation of environmental data.
Lab includes mineral and rock identification, map interpretation, and environmental problem solving.
Lab includes mixing of non-pesticides.
Lab includes observation and experimentation in laboratory and field settings.
Lab includes observations in a recirculating flume.
Lab includes practical exercise in professional development and leadership opportunities.
Lab includes practical experience in unit administration and operations.
Lab includes practice in creating specification plans for hardscapes.
Lab includes preparation of bakery products.
Lab includes preparation of food.
Lab includes projects using digital signal processors.
Lab includes quantitative analysis.
Lab includes seeding and sodding projects.
Lab includes serving food.
Lab includes several informal sessions.
Lab includes skeletons and animal cadaver specimens.
Lab includes skeletons and cadaver specimens.
Lab includes solution of map problems and use of stereographic projections.
Lab includes study and identification of the major fossil groups.
Lab includes suspension and steering service, wheel alignment, and tire and wheel service.
Lab includes synthesis and organic analysis, using separations.
Lab includes synthesis, purification, and identification of organic compounds.
Lab includes techniques of identification and a general survey of fish systematics and zoogeography.
Lab includes the job description of a hostess.
Lab includes the study of living sea urchin, frog and avian embryos.
Lab includes the study of the anatomy of the cat.
Lab includes use and practice of ergonomic techniques to minimize discomfort and prevent injury.
Lab includes use of energized equipment and test tools.
Lab includes using test tools with energized equipment.
Lab includes vertebrate developmental morphology and experimental projects.
Lab includes weather observations and weather map interpretation.
Lab includes work with dry bones, charts and posters, x-ray anatomy, and cadaver prosections.
Lab includes work with topographic maps, diagrams, and data.
Lab incorporates microeconomic applications of management principles developed in lectures.
Lab interests Our research interest is the molecular biology of fertilization and early development.
Lab introduces the livestock production systems and producers.
Lab involves basic techniques and tools used in organic chemistry.
Lab involves description and classification of fossil invertebrates.
Lab involves detailed comparison of selected animal types.
Lab involves observation with naked eye, binoculars and telescopes.
Lab involves qualitative chemical analysis.
Lab involves quantitative chemical relationships.
Lab involves research on molecular and cellular control of development.
Lab involves the actual use of the data base.
Lab involves the study of prepared specimens and the collection of local materials.
Lab is a completely different class.
Lab is a corequisite.
Lab is a device-independent color space where the color transformation occurs.
Lab is a great place to find out about summer research programs, internships and scholarships.
Lab is a great time for groups to meet.
Lab is a mandatory component of the course.
Lab is a mandatory part of the course.
Lab is a protein structure orientated lab.
Lab is a structured, hands-on course where cadets can learn military skills and operations.
Lab is a study and consultation time scheduled for the entire school at the same time.
Lab is a studying area.
Lab is a vital part of the class.
Lab is an elective course that is offered to eighth grade students for one semester.
Lab is an elective course that is offered to sixth grade students for one quarter.
Lab is an essential part of university science.
Lab is an excellent way for students to learn classroom related material in a hands on experience.
Lab is an extremely important part of learning biology.
Lab is an important component of the total foreign language program.
Lab is an integral and mandatory portion of the aerospace studies curriculum.
Lab is arranged off site.
Lab is available to all levels and features different activities geared toward individual needs.
Lab is available to teachers.
Lab is closed.
Lab is concerned with identification of minerals using thin section and oil immersion techniques.
Lab is designed to help the students complete assignments in a timely manner.
Lab is done.
Lab is down to the last box of paper.
Lab is equiped with scanner and digital camera.
Lab is especially critical.
Lab is finished.
Lab is for example purposes only.
Lab is formed.
Lab is free from scraps of paper, dirty equipment, paint and chemical spills.
Lab is good ungraded but as bonus.
Lab is heavily booked during session, check booking schedule for availability.
Lab is important.
Lab is included as part of the course.
Lab is included with museum admission.
Lab is included with test equipment and soldering class.
Lab is included.
Lab is inclusive.
Lab is limited to ten students and has a different topic each quarter.
Lab is listed separately.
Lab is locked when forensic evidence is being examined.
Lab is long, one-story brick building on right.
Lab is mandatory .
Lab is mandatory.
Lab is now open to all faculty.
Lab is off to a super start.
Lab is on the first floor of the hospital.
Lab is on the right.
Lab is one block down on the right.
Lab is one hour and twenty minutes.
Lab is one-story brick building on right.
Lab is online.
Lab is open about five hours daily, allowing students to progress at different rates.
Lab is open during normal library hours.
Lab is open seven days a week while classes are in session.
Lab is open the same hours as the library.
Lab is open to public for individual practice and an assistant is on duty.
Lab is open to the public to recieve services performed by students.
Lab is open when library is open.
Lab is open.
Lab is optional unless scheduled for an exam.
Lab is packed up and removed from library.
Lab is recommended.
Lab is red on schedule.
Lab is required along with lecture .
Lab is required for credit.
Lab is required of biology majors and is strongly recommended for all.
Lab is required the last night.
Lab is required with listening and speaking skills emphasized.
Lab is required.
Lab is self-paced, focusing on individual needs.
Lab is straight ahead, dorm is to the right.
Lab is subject to availability.
Lab is the number of computers in labs.
Lab is three hours per week.
Lab is used to investigate scientific principles and supporting theories.
Lab is way of doing.
Lab is where the action occurs.
Lab is worth double the previous labs.
Lab isa workplace.
Lab looks for specific tampering products.
Lab means short travel times for clients which maximises testing time.
Lab meets every two weeks.
Lab meets once a week in the assigned laboratory.
Lab meets once a week.
Lab meets with residents over bacteria release.
Lab needs far outweigh the available funds.
Lab offer opportunities to refine instructional techniques.
Lab offers hands-on work centered around platemounting, ink formulation and presswork.
Lab offers opportunities to refine instructional techniques.
Lab offers REU positions during semesters and summer sessions.
Lab opens second week of classes.
Lab permits detailed examination of selected species.
Lab permits detailed observations of selected species.
Lab provides a safe, non-contact and nondestructive test.
Lab provides application of theory.
Lab provides basic skills remediation to students.
Lab provides demographic research to the state and the region.
Lab provides experience with environmental sampling and analysis techniques.
Lab provides further practice measuring liquid and solid volumes.
Lab provides interactive multimedia courseware on a variety of aviation topics and aircraft.
Lab provides Internet access, and printing.
Lab provides introduction to use of computer packages in data handling and analysis.
Lab provides practical experience in arboriculture and tree care practices.
Lab provides practical experience in preparation for clinical practice.
Lab provides practical experience in using yeast as an experimental system.
Lab provides practical experience using the concepts presented in lecture.
Lab provides printing and Internet access.
Lab provides the opportunity for practice and demonstration of proficiency.
Lab quizzes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lab quizzes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lab receives and signs for evidence to maintain the chain of custody.
Lab recommends changing the oil.
Lab reports . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lab reports .
Lab reports Answer all Kit questions.
Lab reports to doctors and hospitals.
Lab requires after-hours time at marine lab.
Lab requires working with the campus radio and television stations.
Lab reveals some increase in white count without left shift.
Lab set-up illustrations show how to prepare laboratory equipment.
Lab shine a little more brightly with each visit.
Lab shows a rapid decrease in hemoglobin level over baseline.
Lab shows leukocytosis with left shift, high anion gap acidosis, and increased amylase.
Lab stresses aseptic techniques.
Lab stresses methods of isolation and identification of pathogens.
Lab stresses practical troubleshooting techniques, adjustments, and systems operation.
Lab stresses use of the petrographic microscope and microscopic identification of minerals.
Lab teaches contemporary techniques.
Lab teaches techniques to study plants and illustrate lecture materials.
Lab tends to get too warm in the afternoon.
Lab visit over at The Game Den .
Lab wrap up.
Lab write up, organisms, color pencils, and mini-habitat.
Lab write up, pictures, organisms, cardboard sun, plant, and beanie baby's.
Lab write ups are due the week later.
Labs aim to advance the state of the art in network services for authentication and authorization.
Labs allow time to experience implementation.
Labs also do well in households that have other dogs or pets.
Labs also house special networking and other equipment suited to their research task.
Labs also love family activities such as retrieve the ball and swim in the pool type games.
Labs also serve as an alternative site for staff completing special projects.
Labs also teach students how to use proprietary system documentation.
Labs also use a technique called biolistics.
Labs analyze samples.
Labs analyze specimens.
Labs analyze types.
Labs analyze urine specimens.
Labs are a bit more dominant and independent than the Golden Retriever.
Labs are a common choice because of their superior intelligence, stability, energy,and adaptability.
Labs are a daily activity in each of our classrooms.
Labs are a great time to get questions answered.
Labs are a required part of the course.
Labs are a service provided for use by residence hall students.
Labs are a very critical part of any biology course.
Labs are a vital part of the science curriculum.
Labs are academic links meant for student-writers at the undergraduate level.
Labs are active and enjoy human interaction.
Labs are also a good time to ask questions related to lecture.
Labs are also available after each class to review or expand on topics discussed during class.
Labs are also more complete.
Labs are also unavailable when the college is closed due to inclement weather.
Labs are an essential part of the course.
Labs are an extension of work done in the lecture.
Labs are an extremely important part of the class and there is no excuse for having low lab grades.
Labs are an important part of a programming course, although most often abused.
Labs are an integral part of the course.
Labs are an opportunity for students to obtain practical experience.
Labs are approximately weekly.
Labs are available around the clock during the academic year.
Labs are available for hands-on workshops.
Labs are available for students to use for research.
Labs are available in Harvill copy center.
Labs are available in the bookstore.
Labs are available on a limited basis.
Labs are available on campus.
Labs are available to engineering students only.
Labs are available to non-University groups at higher fees.
Labs are available to rent for either a full or half day.
Labs are available to students that require computers to use.
Labs are available to students when the center is open.
Labs are big dogs, and they usually outweigh and far out-muscle young children.
Labs are by arrangement.
Labs are climate controlled.
Labs are collaborative effort of two or three students.
Labs are complete with graphics and explanations.
Labs are compulsory, unless a student has been granted an exemption.
Labs are computer-oriented.
Labs are devoted to studying earth materials and landforms and include two local field trips.
Labs are devoted to the dissection of representative vertebrates.
Labs are due a week after they are assigned at the beginning of the class.
Labs are due at the begining of the following Lab.
Labs are due at the beginning of class on the assigned date in order to receive full credit.
Labs are due at the beginning of class on the assigned date.
Labs are due at the beginning of class on the due date.
Labs are due at the beginning of the following lab period unless otherwise noted.
Labs are due at the beginning of the next class meeting.
Labs are due at the beginning of the next lab period.
Labs are due at the beginning of the next lab.
Labs are due at the end of class.
Labs are due at the end of each lab period.
Labs are due at the end of the period unless otherwise informed.
Labs are due at the end of the second session for each exercise.
Labs are due at the start of class on the dates indicated.
Labs are due at the start of the class on the due date.
Labs are due at the start of the next lab session, normally one week after distribution.
Labs are due by midnight on the due date.
Labs are due by the beginning of the lab period the following week.
Labs are due by the end of lab as indicated on the schedule .
Labs are due by the end of lab as indicated on the schedule.
Labs are due in the next lab period.
Labs are due on due dates.
Labs are due on the date specified.
Labs are due one week after assigned, unless stated otherwise.
Labs are due one week after they are assigned.
Labs are due one week from the handout date.
Labs are due seven days after they are first assigned.
Labs are due two week after the start date for each lab.
Labs are due upon leaving the lab or at the beginning of next week's lab.
Labs are due.
Labs are easy to care for, either in the city or country.
Labs are easy to follow.
Labs are excellent partners for police detectives.
Labs are fast to learn and quickly realize that there is a limit to their roaming.
Labs are few and far-between.
Labs are first rather than an add-on at the end of a chapter to verify what was told in lecture.
Labs are five stories high.
Labs are focused on getting tests in and getting results out.
Labs are for faculty, staff, and students to use computer resources only.
Labs are for student use only.
Labs are for the use of Eastern students, faculty, and staff.
Labs are friendly with kids and with other dogs also.
Labs are fun.
Labs are good dogs.
Labs are good with kids and willing to please.
Labs are good, too.
Labs are graded pass-no credit.
Labs are great fun most of the time.
Labs are handsome, alert, athletic, and cheerful.
Labs are hands-on and incorporate a mixture of case scenarios and troubleshooting.
Labs are important.
Labs are late if turned in after the specified due-date.
Labs are long homework sets on a single theme.
Labs are mandatory.
Labs are names.
Labs are noisy and busy.
Labs are normally due at the end of the lab period.
Labs are notorious for wandering their neighborhoods.
Labs are notoriously destructive if left to their own devices, because of excess energy.
Labs are often full of flammable liquids and ignition sources.
Labs are often unavailable during weekdays due to class reservations.
Labs are one afternoon per week.
Labs are open according to the standard building hours of academic buildings on campus.
Labs are open around the clock.
Labs are open at night, on weekends, and during breaks.
Labs are open during regular hours and assistants are available to help students.
Labs are open for student work.
Labs are open to students at no additional charge.
Labs are open weekdays, evenings and weekends, so students have ample access.
Labs are optional.
Labs are Outdated.
Labs are pets, partners, and protectors.
Labs are powerful, yet gentle.
Labs are qualitative analysis.
Labs are quantitative, as well as qualitative.
Labs are quite possibly the most important part of teaching scientific concepts.
Labs are quite versatile and can be trained as tracking dogs or even as pointers.
Labs are real-time access to functioning production Cisco equipment.
Labs are responsible to organize a speaker for the their dates.
Labs are rivers.
Labs are roughly one afternoon per week.
Labs are self graded.
Labs are short, student-designed projects involving a variety of instrumentation.
Labs are so loveable and friendly.
Labs are spacious to accommodate class loads and student and professor work areas.
Labs are the most formative instrument, and as such have very flexible grading policies.
Labs are the most popular breed in America.
Labs are the time to practice the techniques used clinically in a physical therapy environment.
Labs are there to serve.
Labs are three hours long.
Labs are to be completed and the notebook handed in before leaving the lab.
Labs are to be completed during in the allotted time.
Labs are to be completed during the semester in conjunction with material covered in lecture.
Labs are to be completed in pencil.
Labs are to be completed no later than the beginning of the next lab period.
Labs are to be completed using a survey field book.
Labs are to be done by each student individually.
Labs are to be done in groups of two.
Labs are to be done independently.
Labs are to be finished in class.
Labs are to be handed in at the beginning of class on the dates shown below or announced in class.
Labs are to be handed in at the end of each lab session.
Labs are to be read prior to coming to class.
Labs are to be turned in at lecture on the date they are due.
Labs are to be turned in at the beginning of the class period in which they are due.
Labs are to be turned in at the beginning of the next lab period.
Labs are to be turned in by order of tracking number.
Labs are to be used responsibly.
Labs are to be worked on in pairs.
Labs are truly the breed choice by dog lovers everywhere.
Labs are unavailable for use when occupied by an instructor directed class.
Labs are ungraded for testing purposes.
Labs are very active dogs.
Labs are very important to an engineering curriculum.
Labs are very people oriented and are happiest when with their human families.
Labs are very strong dogs.
Labs are very versatile.
Labs are virtually impossible to make up, please try to avoid missing laboratory periods.
Labs are well equipped with safety devices.
Labs are workaholics.
Labs are workplaces.
Labs begin during the second week of classes .
Labs begin in the second week of classes.
Labs begin promptly at the scheduled time.
Labs begin the first full week of class.
Labs begin the first full week of classes.
Labs begin the first week of the semester.
Labs begin the second full week of classes.
Labs begin the second week of class.
Labs can also transmit data for help in diagnosing a problem.
Labs can be cheap for some products.
Labs can be difficult too.
Labs can be setup and completed in almost a single class.
Labs can carry fleas and ticks.
Labs can carry inherited eye problems.
Labs can detect fluoride or chlorine which are added to many municipal water systems.
Labs can goof up on blood work, etc.
Labs can run from a half day to two or three days.
Labs can serve many different purposes and can be designed many different ways.
Labs can take anywhere from a week to the entire semester to complete.
Labs can use the phone book or directory assistance to get client addresses.
Labs charge more for the first print on any custom order.
Labs collectively count more than some tests.
Labs complement the material presented in lecture.
Labs conduct population studies based on samples from blood banks.
Labs consist of a series of weekend field trips.
Labs consist of hands-on experience with film and video equipment.
Labs consist of several different activities including experiments, worksheets and puzzles.
Labs consist of the running of experiments or other types of studies.
Labs contain detail information.
Labs contain information.
Labs continue a concentration of the accumulated masonry skills.
Labs continue to be an integral part of the course.
Labs correlate with the lectures with movies, slides, dissections and physiological experiments.
Labs cover all areas of production.
Labs cover minerals, rocks, map interpretation, fossil identification.
Labs cover seawater processes, oceanic circulation, marine life, atmospheric structure, and weather.
Labs cover the circuit covered in that week's lecture.
Labs deal with growth, flowering, seeds and competition.
Labs develop methods.
Labs develop the crucial ability to elicit understanding of the physical world.
Labs differ in the amount of programming required.
Labs do have a downside , They like to chew .
Labs do tests.
Labs don t have headphone jacks.
Labs emphasize circuit construction and include simulation of amplifier circuits.
Labs emphasize ecosystems and conservation problems of southern Minnesota.
Labs emphasize field and lab techniques for measurement of water quantity and quality.
Labs emphasize functional morphology and identification.
Labs emphasize geologic map interpretation and structural analysis.
Labs emphasize hands-on experimental work, and computer data analysis.
Labs emphasize landform analysis through interpretation of topographic maps and aerial photos.
Labs emphasize material covered in lecture the same day.
Labs emphasize methods and scales of geologic investigation.
Labs emphasize practical experience in phylogenetic analysis.
Labs emphasize prototyping and testing of combinational logic circuits.
Labs emphasize prototyping and testing of sequential logic circuits.
Labs emphasize quantitative analysis and include an independent project.
Labs emphasize taxonomy and morphology of major groups.
Labs emphasize the description and analysis of sedimentary rock bodies.
Labs emphasize the study of Earth materials and topographic maps.
Labs emphasize use of keys for identification to order and family.
Labs exist to make money.
Labs explore narration, interviewing, hosting and acting.
Labs fill up quickly.
Labs focus on a review of major fossil groups and on paleontological methods.
Labs focus on applied topics that relate neuropsychology to the classroom.
Labs focus on experimental studies of structure and function.
Labs focus on experimentation with living developing animals.
Labs focus on experimentation with living, developing organisms.
Labs focus on inorganic chemistry and quantitative analysis.
Labs focus on methods.
Labs focus on plate tectonics, rocks and minerals, maps, and field trips.
Labs focus on software design and visualization tools.
Labs focus on the diversity of invertebrate forms and include field trips.
Labs focus on the morphology and systematics of the major fossil groups.
Labs focus on the use of statistical packages for data analysis.
Labs give students hands-on experience troubleshooting and testing remote site equipment.
Labs Gives open lab schedule and other lab information.
Labs have (part) bases.
Labs have (part) ceilings.
Labs have (part) floors.
Labs have (part) lab benches.
Labs have (part) laboratory benches.
Labs have (part) locker rooms.
Labs have (part) lockers.
Labs have (part) room light.
Labs have (part) sections.
Labs have (part) tabletops.
Labs have (part) tableware.
Labs have (part) walls.
Labs have a clean-cut head with a broad back skull and moderate top.
Labs have a double coat, but sometimes the undercoat is slight or missing.
Labs have a high demand for toys.
Labs have access to chill water, air, and freshwater.
Labs have all sorts of equipment to do experiments.
Labs have ample social and conference room areas.
Labs have an enormous gene pool.
Labs have components.
Labs have diagrams.
Labs have expertise.
Labs have facilities.
Labs have fresh air exchange.
Labs have friendly brown or hazel eyes and silky-smooth ears that hang close to their cheeks.
Labs have have success.
Labs have high priority.
Labs have instruments.
Labs have links to outside web resources.
Labs have only three accepted coat colors although other colors can occasionally occur.
Labs have short hair.
Labs have technical expertise.
Labs have the newest equipment, with students recording experiments on computers.
Labs have very distinctive ears, heads, webbed feet, otter-like tails, and overall body shape.
Labs here are very interested in campus access.
Labs illustrate lecture materials and the techniques used by geologists.
Labs illustrate the principles and the behavior of physiologically significant materials.
Labs include simulation.
Labs incorporate concrete materials.
Labs involve an extensive examination of microscope slides of human and animal tissues.
Labs involve data generation and analysis aided by statistical software.
Labs involve discussions of papers from the literature, data analysis, and computer simulations.
Labs involve examination of biological principles and human characteristics and processes.
Labs involve field-collecting trips, dissection, and behavioral observations on living specimens.
Labs involve interpreting topographic and geologic maps, field projects.
Labs involve programming computers that drives machines and robots to make parts.
Labs involve quantity food production procedures.
Labs involve quantity food production.
Labs involve the study of vascular plants in their natural environment.
Labs involve the use of a real-time operating system and an associated development environment.
Labs is the research and development arm for the company.
Labs learn quickly with positive reward-based training.
Labs love a job also.
Labs love to eat much and without sufficient exercise, they gain weight easily and become lazy.
Labs love to fetch anything they can carry.
Labs love to pull, play, chase, etc.
Labs make recommendations.
Labs make room for high performance.
Labs make use of the large collection of primate skeletal material and fossil human casts.
Labs meet for only seven weeks during the term.
Labs meet four times during the school year.
Labs meet once a week on campus.
Labs meet once a week, three hours a session.
Labs meet the first week of class and some labs meet before the first lecture.
Labs meet twice each week.
Labs meet twice weekly, and focus on the experimental study of basic learning processes.
Labs meet weekly.
Labs move frequently, and prompt reporting is necessary if the operators are to be caught.
Labs observe what customers do.
Labs offer genetic tests.
Labs offer hands-on manipulation and analysis of spatial data.
Labs offer hands-on, proactive experiences for students interested in music.
Labs offer tests.
Labs perform tests.
Labs performing hair analysis typically test for multiple elements.
Labs present extreme dangers from explosions and exposure to hazardous chemicals.
Labs present extreme dangers frome xplosions and exposure due to hazardous chemicals.
Labs protect themselves against false-positive results by collecting two samples.
Labs provide an accurate simulation of a hospital environment for clinical instruction.
Labs provide an excellent opportunity to get help on the material discussed in lecture.
Labs provide exposure to new computer-based technologies.
Labs provide hands-on experience on topics discussed in lectures.
Labs provide hands-on experience planning, installing and configuring network management software.
Labs provide hands-on experiences that reinforce course work in science, social studies and math.
Labs provide on water experience with power boats, sail boats, canoes and kayaks.
Labs provide opportunities for environmental problem-solving.
Labs provide practical application of topics presented.
Labs provide services.
Labs provide specialized software, night and weekend hours.
Labs provide students with the skills to install, configure and troubleshoot a server database.
Labs provide supervised, hands-on experience with a modern operating system.
Labs reinforce scientific method.
Labs remain closed.
Labs reports, also done in groups, are to be handed in at the end of each lab session.
Labs require dissections, microscope work, computer exercises, and written reports.
Labs require hands-on construction and use of power tools.
Labs require skills.
Labs require special skills.
Labs require special technical skills.
Labs require technical skills.
Labs require very little maintenance in comparison to other breeds.
Labs review neuroanatomy at the gross and microscopic levels.
Labs routinely check for common bacterial and protozoal infections.
Labs run alternate Thursdays.
Labs run for three and a half hours.
Labs See instructor for access.
Labs See separate handout for guidelines on lab logbooks.
Labs seem incredibly important for an inquiry-based classroom.
Labs seem to be the worst and it takes up to two years - they have an extended puppyhood.
Labs seem to charge very high prices for drum scanning.
Labs share a centrally located help area with two workstations for student operators.
Labs shed year round, a lot, year round.
Labs show have almost zero testosterone.
Labs show up in warehouses, suburban neighborhoods, hotel rooms and even the trunks of cars.
Labs specializes in educational mycotoxin conferences.
Labs start in the second week.
Labs start the first week of the quarter.
Labs start the week following the start of sign classs.
Labs stress fossil recognition.
Labs studying sensory and cellular neurobiology are on the second floor.
Labs supplement lectures and reading, and final group projects are executed and tested.
Labs supplement lectures and readings, and final group projects are executed and tested.
Labs supplement lectures.
Labs survey the invertebrate phyla comprising the bulk of the fossil record.
Labs tackle semiconductor barrier .
Labs take approximately two hours and fifty minutes to complete.
Labs teach rappelling, physical training, drill and ceremony, and historical field trips.
Labs tend to be crowded just before an assignment is due.
Labs tend to be open-ended, which gives a realistic sense of the way science is conducted.
Labs tend to look about the same.
Labs test samples.
Labs unveil a new device that end the fluttering of television images.
Labs use an operating system, a wordprocessor, a spreadsheet, and a programming language.
Labs use both types of analyses.
Labs use computers to model genetic changes in populations and analyze genetic structure.
Labs use different measurements.
Labs use different methods.
Labs use genetic technology.
Labs use measurements.
Labs use methods.
Labs use more time in class and usually demand less homework.
Labs use technology.
Labs UWRP writing labs are available for individual consultation on students' writing.
Labs work hard and they play hard.
Labs write-ups which have identical outlines are unacceptable.
Lab always begins with a short lecture on orientation.
Labs frequently offer different pricing packages based on volume or other incentives.
Labs often build on previous labs, so being able to modify software from last time is important.
Labs sometimes meet in other locations.
Labs usually meet for two to three hours per week.
Labs usually reflect the professors tastes and vary greatly with cleanliness and order.
Labs usually show low serum copper and ceruloplasmin levels.
All lab exercises use modern devices, planned experiments and industrial standard equipment.
All labs accept moist soil samples at no extra charge.
All labs allow student access to mainframes on campus.
All labs are accessible twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week during school terms.
All labs are available to students for hands-on, practical experience.
All labs are available to students, staff, and faculty during regularly scheduled hours.
All labs are college labs.
All labs are cooperative ventures.
All labs are due at end of lab period unless time is extended.
All labs are due at the beginning of the lab the following week.
All labs are due before the start of the next week's lab.
All labs are due by the stated calendar date.
All labs are due in class on the date below.
All labs are due no later than one week after they are assigned.
All labs are due on the class meeting after the test for that unit.
All labs are due on the due date.
All labs are due on the indicated date.
All labs are due the following lab meeting or exam review period unless noted otherwise.
All labs are for the use of authorized students only.
All labs are mandatory unless arrangements have been made with the instructor in advance.
All labs are mandatory.
All labs are necessary to pass the course .
All labs are normal, except for anemia and the fibinogen.
All labs are normal.
All labs are now open.
All labs are on the Web.
All labs are open during regular business hours.
All labs are open for general student use unless otherwise noted.
All labs are to be printed twice, once as displayed and once with formulas showing.
All labs are wheelchair accessable, and one has a braille embosser for visually impaired students.
All labs can print anywhere A utility runs at login to set default printer.
All labs close at noon on the last day of final exams.
All labs contain networked, Pentium-based computers.
All labs feature built-in computer projectors and screens.
All labs have a controlled access system.
All labs have a variety of software available but each has a slightly different collection.
All labs have a variety of software available, but each has a slightly different collection.
All labs have access to laser printers.
All labs have color video projectors.
All labs have computer network connections and several have a variety of live animals and plants.
All labs have email and Internet access.
All labs have full Internet access.
All labs have high-speed Internet access to the student workstations.
All labs have holiday hours that differ from their regular hours.
All labs have internet access and laser printers.
All labs have internet access and some dorms are directly wired for the internet.
All labs have Internet access unless noted otherwise.
All labs have Internet connections and are equipped with the best Internet tools.
All labs have printers.
All labs have projection units, which have received rave reviews from instructors and students.
All labs have safety showers and sufficient drainage for chemical waste.
All labs have scanners and connected laser printers.
All labs have some viral detection software in place.
All labs have student assistants on duty to assist users as needed.
All labs have their own laser printers.
All labs have web access and video projection devices.
All labs have whiteboards and OHPs available.
All labs involve observations of the sky.
All labs offer laser and color printers, along with color hand scanners.
All labs offer state of the art imaging equipment.
All labs provide access to the Internet.
All labs provide access to the most popular software and e-mail functions.
All labs provide full internet access and free laser printing via high speed network printers.
All labs provide high-quality printed output for students and faculty.
All labs provide laser printing and many labs also offer scanning and color printing.
All labs require a referral from a physician in order to do testing.
All labs require payment for their analyses.
All labs resume normal hours Go to the next article .
All labs run extended hours during the final examination periods.
All labs start on time.
All labs start with a brief quiz to insure that students are prepared for class.
All labs tend to have free instruction materials available.
Any lab can have an off night.
Any lab can maintain a local ACeDB database, an submit objects as they generated from lab work.
Any lab can measure relative values.
Any lab is an artificial world.
Every lab currently utilizing area detectors is invited to participate in the benchmarking process.
Every lab focuses on one particular, problem-oriented case.
Every lab has a certificate number, which uniquely identifies a Diamond.
Every lab is different.
Every lab is equipped with software to handle anything from word processing to design programs.
Every lab needs a good suite of programs.
Every lab needs some sort of table or bench.
Every lab now needs to vote on their top choice.
Many labs also provide specialized software to support the colleges in their educational missions.
Many labs are difficult or impossible for the student to make up.
Many labs are difficult to make up.
Many labs are group efforts.
Many labs are in the field and all involve the risk of getting dirty.
Many labs are specialized according to the needs of department's students.
Many labs charge extra for push processing.
Many labs do that test automatically on everyone who is positive on the screening test.
Many labs explode or catch fire during the chemical processes.
Many labs have accounts here.
Many labs have an interpretation chart or instructions on how to properly utilize the forage.
Many labs have new machines, scanners, and projectors.
Many labs have policies and procedures in operation, but lack polished documentation.
Many labs have screens that are too small.
Many labs have software manuals available.
Many labs have three levels of animal caretakers or technicians.
Many labs hire students to help on research projects.
Many labs now offer quick and inexpensive urine drug screening.
Many labs offer genotypic testing.
Many labs require training in the lab, or an orientation for new workers in a lab.
Many labs routinely emloy it with aldehydes as a general purpose fixative.
Many labs routinely test for contaminants because of adulteration.
Many labs run artificial tests to analyze products, making the results less valuable to our readers.
Many labs specialize in parasite testing.
Many labs use different values, but that is quite low.
Most labs allow outside researchers to use their facilities for fees posted on their pages.
Most labs also contain discipline-specific software to support individual classes and labs.
Most labs analyze samples.
Most labs analyze specimens.
Most labs analyze types.
Most labs analyze urine specimens.
Most labs are available for scheduling for classes.
Most labs are due at the end of the two-hour period.
Most labs are due one week after they are assigned, at the beginning of the next lab.
Most labs are in the rural areas, because they smell so bad.
Most labs are independent, though a few assume some experience with a previous lab.
Most labs are only large enough to supply one or two people.
Most labs are only open when they are staffed by RUCS workers.
Most labs are open during evening and weekend hours as well as during the school day.
Most labs are open seven days a week, but are closed between semesters.
Most labs are open to all students, but some software is only available in certain labs.
Most labs are project-oriented, with setups arranged by students.
Most labs are small because they tend to be retrofits in to an older building.
Most labs are three hours in length and usually held in the afternoon.
Most labs contain detail information.
Most labs contain information.
Most labs contain PCs.
Most labs contain printers, and some provide scanning capabilities.
Most labs develop methods.
Most labs do tests.
Most labs find that paramecia are a good food source.
Most labs focus on methods.
Most labs generate a wide assortment of images.
Most labs get along well with other dogs provided they are introduced properly.
Most labs get hundreds of samples each day and after a shile they begin to look very similar.
Most labs have a standard way of doing things.
Most labs have between thirty and forty desktop computers.
Most labs have components.
Most labs have cooling systems, often with floor vents.
Most labs have diagrams.
Most labs have expertise.
Most labs have facilities.
Most labs have instruments.
Most labs have laser printers available.
Most labs have local safety trips or fuses.
Most labs have multiple sinks.
Most labs have one or two printers that are shared by many computers in the lab.
Most labs have phones paid for by the sponsoring faculty.
Most labs have printers, and all can access the campus network.
Most labs have several personal computers that are used for data analysis and word processing.
Most labs have some component due at a later date.
Most labs have technical expertise.
Most labs have their own de novo methods.
Most labs involve processes with materials that are potentially hazardous.
Most labs make India ink preps on CSF on request only.
Most labs make recommendations.
Most labs offer genetic tests.
Most labs offer Internet access.
Most labs offer scanning services.
Most labs offer some form of Internet access.
Most labs offer tests.
Most labs only provide the ability to test network solutions.
Most labs perform tests.
Most labs provide services.
Most labs provide two types of plant analysis.
Most labs require a login .
Most labs require about one hour of preparatory reading.
Most labs require skills.
Most labs require special skills.
Most labs require special technical skills.
Most labs require students to check out keys to the alternative reading rooms.
Most labs require technical skills.
Most labs test for sensitivities to one antibiotic only at a time.
Most labs test only bats that are submitted because they are rabies-suspect.
Most labs use a small, strong, fiberboard box.
Most labs use different measurements.
Most labs use different methods.
Most labs use genetic technology.
Most labs use measurements.
Most labs use methods.
Most labs use nsexpress.
Most labs use nucleic analysis, which uses DNA taken from the cell nucleus.
Most labs use one of two main types of classification systems to determine the type of soil.
Most labs use technology.
Some labs also analyze drinking water for metals, minerals, pesticides and other organic substances.
Some labs also calculate VLDL , very low density lipoproteins.
Some labs also calculate VLDL, very low density lipoproteins.
Some labs also offer tests for micronutrients such as boron, zinc and manganese.
Some labs also provide expensive or complex software essential to a particular course or subject.
Some labs apply concepts.
Some labs are absolutely silent.
Some labs are harder to get into than others, so inquire early to avoid disappointment.
Some labs are limited to hours of operations for the building.
Some labs are open with no restrictions.
Some labs are safest if students remaining standing.
Some labs are set up to work, others are more exploratory and open-ended.
Some labs can be a hybrid of the two types.
Some labs collect used velveteens in an empty bucket.
Some labs conduct both types.
Some labs conduct demonstrations.
Some labs consist of background materials.
Some labs consist of materials.
Some labs even link lab data with accounting software.
Some labs feast with special meals.
Some labs focus on dark sides.
Some labs focus on environments.
Some labs focus on freshwater environments.
Some labs focus on sides.
Some labs have interest.
Some labs have only PC's, and some have a mix.
Some labs have special equipment, such as scanners.
Some labs have specific hardware and software and are thus more suitable for specific applications.
Some labs have states.
Some labs help students.
Some labs involve colored solutions that are created by chemical reactions.
Some labs involve required dissections of preserved animals.
Some labs just meet the minimal standards set by the federal government.
Some labs lack adequate microscopes.
Some labs make their photographic copies on color photo paper.
Some labs occasionally observe the gel swelling out of the top of the plates during electrophoresis.
Some labs offer specific services and some are only open to specific majors.
Some labs perform calibrations within a few days, others within one or two weeks.
Some labs play music or the radio loudly.
Some labs progress to the study of organic and polymer chemistry.
Some labs provide Internet access.
Some labs report eggs and juveniles.
Some labs request and recommend for desired yield goals.
Some labs require a username and password.
Some labs require students to collect and analyze data in and around their school building.
Some labs require students.
Some labs show differences.
Some labs use cheap alternative methods to reduce expenses.
Some labs use computer simulations.
Some labs use different measurements or test different samples.
Some labs use different measurements or test different specimens.
Some labs use for tests.
Some labs use minute quantities of chemicals, such as in a laser or photolysis laboratory.
Some labs use only disposable paper coats.
Laban notation has time running continuously up the page.
A label is a description
Label also receives enter and leave events.
Label can be a promotional tool Needs to fulfill federal obligations .
Label can contain either text or a pixmap.
Label contents clearly on the outside of the box.
Label has correct declaration.
Label has no major imperfections.
Label has no noticeable imperfections.
Label has no wear.
Label has overall minor creases.
Label has some dirt on left side.
Label has some wear.
Label has strong color.
Label hearsay accordingly.
Label is a small change from the previous one.
Label is a stable identifier whereas location can be changed by mutations.
Label is an association while title is additional information.
Label is available in office supply stores.
Label is black with silver print.
Label is black with silver printing.
Label is composed of two windows.
Label is dispensed onto the vacuum pad and applied.
Label is gone.
Label is located on or near the coil set in the engine compartment.
Label is on runner.
Label is on the heater.
Label is red with black and white printing.
Label is rubbed but largely legible.
Label is separated from the backing and applied to moving product.
Label is shipped flat.
Label is Silver writing on Blue.
Label is similar to the old labels with a hornet between the labels.
Label is still firmly attached.
Label is the default name.
Label is the label string.
Label is the name of the block.
Label keys on the keyboard with Polish characters.
Label ordering information is available in Purchasing.
Label poems with the name of the contest.
Label presents news, reviews, and albums.
Label says Made in Germany.
Label says Made in Sweden.
Label templates on the right sides.
Labels acquire music in two ways.
Labels affect only the variable or statistic that immediately precedes the label.
Labels also give directions on cleanup, storage and disposal, and personal and environmental safety.
Labels also have information on procedures and restrictions.
Labels also identify the manufacturer.
Labels also indicate if the toy contains small parts that young children can choke on or ingest.
Labels also list the number of calories in a serving.
Labels also show the ingredients of combination foods in order of predominance.
Labels appear as displayed on tabular USGS topographical maps.
Labels appear on the right side of a cell.
Labels appear to be removable without damaging the boxes, if done carefully.
Labels appearing inside of instruments can be extremely misleading.
Labels are a different story.
Labels are a form of stereotype.
Labels are a good shopper's friend.
Labels are a handy timesaver for career minded professionals and busy employers.
Labels are a handy timesaver for job seekers, marketers and busy employers.
Labels are a handy timesaver for job seekers.
Labels are a legal requirement of all registered pesticides.
Labels are a new networking construct with as yet no firmly fixed associations.
Labels are a way to communicate.
Labels are about an inch wide and come in blue, red, and black on either white or clear tapes.
Labels are acceptable in glass recycling.
Labels are acceptable.
Labels are accurate.
Labels are address labels.
Labels are also a shopper's best resource when buying dairy products.
Labels are also available as part of the requisition form.
Labels are also available.
Labels are also handy development tools.
Labels are always difficult.
Labels are an ideal way for a food processor to communicate with the customer.
Labels are arbitrary.
Labels are at the end of the book.
Labels are available alphabetically by last name of licensee or by zip code.
Labels are available at the Township office, free of charge.
Labels are available blank or printed with barcodes.
Labels are available by student organization president or sponsor.
Labels are available even for small quantities and are conveniently made in the winery gift shop.
Labels are available for students wishing to put their names on lockers.
Labels are available from headquarters.
Labels are available from many sources.
Labels are available from our in-house inventories or on a custom conversion basis.
Labels are available in a wide range of sizes and panel configurations.
Labels are available in black and white, various colors or four color.
Labels are available in diskette, email attachment or pressure sensitive label formats.
Labels are available in either hard copy or by email in comma delimited format.
Labels are available in peel-off or cheshire format only.
Labels are available in print and Braille.
Labels are available in six common colors.
Labels are available in some of the secretaries' offices or in the mail room.
Labels are available in the stockroom.
Labels are available in three sizes.
Labels are available in white or black letters.
Labels are available or they can be turned off.
Labels are available per individual voter or by household.
Labels are available.
Labels are bait for thieves.
Labels are bar coded to accommodate modern warehouse operation.
Labels are capable of pictures.
Labels are clearly visible.
Labels are convenient and confounding things.
Labels are cyan on white with A and B and feature a chameleon.
Labels are dangerous indeed.
Labels are descriptions of the content.
Labels are descriptions.
Labels are devices for classifying experiences, for putting things in pigeon holes.
Labels are extremely powerful.
Labels are finally available for our election ballots.
Labels are for detergent boxes.
Labels are for pickle jars anyway.
Labels are for the primitive.
Labels are globally unique, but any authority can produce new Labels without asking permission.
Labels are hand-typed or handwritten and appear to be very close to original condition.
Labels are hard to read.
Labels are harder to trust.
Labels are helpful for all but frequent users.
Labels are high gloss and laser jet compatible.
Labels are impersonal.
Labels are important, too.
Labels are important.
Labels are in both braille and inkprint.
Labels are in Braille and English.
Labels are in capital print.
Labels are in encoded japanese.
Labels are in the right places, but the tick size is wrong.
Labels are incomplete.
Labels are information about information.
Labels are inside.
Labels are just another strictly regulated part of winemaking.
Labels are just labels.
Labels are just that and nothing more.
Labels are legal documents, required by law and reviewed by regulators.
Labels are legally binding and contain much helpful information.
Labels are legally binding and full of helpful information.
Labels are lethel when used as targets.
Labels are like waving a flag.
Labels are lines within a file that end with a particular string.
Labels are long and detailed.
Labels are markers.
Labels are meaningless.
Labels are merely identifiers of general classes of activities and communication.
Labels are misleading.
Labels are more consistent across formats and institutions.
Labels are more important than anything else to respectable conservatives.
Labels are most useful if they bear a direct relationship to the alert message of the trigger.
Labels are names for data fields.
Labels are necessary for making a child eligible for services.
Labels are normal text and are displayed exactly as entered.
Labels are normally flexo-printed for indoor use only.
Labels are nothing new.
Labels are notoriously difficult to interpret.
Labels are numeric - no meaningful so makes code harder to understand.
Labels are numeric.
Labels are o.k.
Labels are of higher quality than competition with no bleed through from pre-labeled CD's.
Labels are often enough to nab the suckers.
Labels are often highly-coloured and designed by contemporary artists.
Labels are often in small print with poor visual contrast.
Labels are often meaningless.
Labels are OK, but discard all lids.
Labels are ok.
Labels are okay.
Labels are on the racks as reminders.
Labels are only labels.
Labels are only useful if they are positive or help describe a person.
Labels are optional.
Labels are part of jars.
Labels are placed on the wing of the butterfly .
Labels are placed on the wing of the butterfly.
Labels are potentially dangerous for two reasons.
Labels are prefixes of first author names.
Labels are programming language.
Labels are proportionally more expensive as quantity de creases.
Labels are radioisotopes.
Labels are rectangular.
Labels are right justified.
Labels are sample numbers.
Labels are self sticking paper labels in square, rectangular, oval and circle shapes.
Labels are self-adhesive, waterproof and removable.
Labels are shorthand for roles.
Labels are simple and informative, and without cartons which cuts down on the cost.
Labels are so facile, and they're a substitute for conscientious analysis so much of the time.
Labels are somewhat confining, but they are also somewhat descriptive.
Labels are Standard label.
Labels are still intact.
Labels are stupid.
Labels are subjective.
Labels are such a double-edged sword.
Labels are the 'nice' alternative to addressing the issues.
Labels are therefore useful in re-use or referencing original sets of versioned artifacts.
Labels are to be permanent, waterproof, and firmly attached to the cable.
Labels are too confining.
Labels are tough things to shake.
Labels are trade names.
Labels are unnecessary.
Labels are useful for setting breakpoints.
Labels are useful in both situations.
Labels are useful.
Labels are usually negative words.
Labels are usually single character identifies.
Labels are very confining.
Labels are very difficult.
Labels are very misleading.
Labels are veryimportant.
Labels are visual descriptions, such as text or icons, that are assigned to nodes and edges.
Labels are wound onto themselves in the same way as regular household tape.
Labels based on group ties prompt irrational judgments.
Labels become de rigueur.
Labels breed the money making rock machines.
Labels can also be color coded to make identification easier.
Labels can also be disk format.
Labels can also be misleading.
Labels can also be places on the perimeter surfaces of each trap.
Labels can also disguise the truth.
Labels can also hold risks.
Labels can appear on or off the flashcards.
Labels can be a mixture of automatic and manual.
Labels can be actual labels of places.
Labels can be adhesive or printed direct.
Labels can be any style, size, color, font or line thickness.
Labels can be characters, numbers, or strings and can be mixed.
Labels can be cool, but only if they are on clothes.
Labels can be deceiving, so be careful.
Labels can be misleading.
Labels can be mixed or all of one type.
Labels can be paper, plastic or other special materials.
Labels can be therapeutic.
Labels can be tricky things.
Labels can be vague and misleading.
Labels can be very misleading, however it is a clue.
Labels can be virtually anything other than specific key words.
Labels can change at run-time.
Labels can change without notice.
Labels can come from different sources including the content developers or third parties.
Labels can come off the sheets and clog up the printer.
Labels can contain any combination of letters, numbers, or symbols.
Labels can display multiple lines of text.
Labels can get in the way of people seeking help for a drinking pronlem.
Labels can help get airplay and exposure.
Labels can include single words and entire phrases.
Labels can include spaces, upper and lower case letters and special characters.
Labels can include text and images, as well as content, all recursively read from a directory.
Labels can indicate packet routes, user group, and service attributes.
Labels can look like exponents but with a dash above it.
Labels can never take the place of the real thing.
Labels can peel off during the printing process and stick to various parts of the printer.
Labels can peel off sheets with spaces between the labels, causing serious jams.
Labels can reflect other concerns beyond indecency, however.
Labels can remain on containers.
Labels can remain on the containers.
Labels can remain on.
Labels can remain.
Labels can share characters without penalty.
Labels can stand alone, or they can fit together cohesively.
Labels can stay on except for styrofoam labels.
Labels can stay on.
Labels cause people to put up walls, but 'ministry' allows people to become involved.
Labels change, meaning remains same .
Labels clearly indicate drops per milliliter to reduce potential user error.
Labels come and go by the hundreds with nary a second thought.
Labels come in foil or film styles.
Labels come in handy rolls and are pressure sensitive.
Labels come in permanent white as well as multiple colors.
Labels come in varying grades of permanence - ask for permanent adhesive .
Labels commonly feature scenic representations of the sources of the contents.
Labels communicate meanings.
Labels comprise pressure sensitive, in-mold labels and unsupported labels that are also called tags.
Labels consist of a letter followed by letters or numbers.
Labels contain firm, contact name and address and zip code.
Labels contain precise product description, chemical parameters, point of origin and variety name.
Labels convey information about the degree of hazard associated with a particular product.
Labels correspond to text.
Labels Create and produce labels.
Labels Create any size and shape of label.
Labels create meaning.
Labels define people and keep others from getting to know the person behind the label.
Labels definitely have their purposes.
Labels describing the plants' uses make for interesting and sometimes entertaining reading.
Labels die hard.
Labels differ in the time interval between applica-tion and planting.
Labels display short texts.
Labels distinguish geographic features of the same type, e.g. forest stands, from one another.
Labels don t have to be removed.
Labels evoke negative pictures in our heads.
Labels exist in a partial order as defined by the restriction operator, .
Labels exist to stop discussion.
Labels feature free instructions to make useful and meaningful keepsakes.
Labels feel foreign and superficial.
Labels generally are available locally from retail outlets or their suppliers.
Labels generally warn against dry cleaning.
Labels get a share of the royalties after the companies recoup their advance.
Labels get boxes and boxes of crappy music.
Labels get in the way of a clear understanding of the things they purport to describe.
Labels get old, wet or damaged, fall off or become unreadable.
Labels give meaning to numbers.
Labels give rotation phase in degrees.
Labels go on the outside of the package.
Labels have a tendency to become self-fulling prophecies.
Labels have directions.
Labels have nothing to do with the content of the problem.
Labels have precision edge cut for easy liner removal.
Labels have to be hand fed into a laser printer even if they are laser labels.
Labels have to start in column one.
Labels have up to eight characters.
Labels help answer many questions about a toy's safety and suitability.
Labels help both the children and staff to identify belongings.
Labels help children identify and name the different parts of the machines.
Labels help gardening enthusiasts identify unusual varieties of trees, shrubs, and plants.
Labels help prevent spills, accidents, sloppiness, and wasteful use of the chemical.
Labels help to prevent serious errors.
Labels help tutors and students quickly identify materials at the appropriate skill level.
Labels hide the real person and breed prejudice.
Labels identifying the plants in the gardens are helpful to the plant enthusiast.
Labels imply categories with distinct boundaries or functions.
Labels import java.awt.
Labels increase in brightness as they near the center of the display.
Labels increase prices.
Labels indicate both route and service attributes.
Labels indicate both routes and service attributes.
Labels indicate both the grape variety and, increasingly, a specific lieu-dit or vineyard name.
Labels indicate group membership.
Labels indicate month and day of occurrence of events.
Labels indicate spots presumptively identified to date.
Labels indicate that a serving of soy milk has as much calcium as cow s milk.
Labels indicate the peak of the mountain and two volcanic depressions, called paterae.
Labels indicate what the inference accomplishes.
Labels isolate and segregate.
Labels know broadcast radio sells records.
Labels lead to significantly higher scores in the querying task.
Labels limit the person be labeled and the labeler's ability to understand.
Labels links .
Labels list an abundance of stimulants like taurine.
Labels list ingredients in descending, order, according to weight.
Labels list ingredients in order of preponderance, along with a chemical analysis.
Labels list product ingredients.
Labels list, for example, the number of calories in a serving and the calories that come from fat.
Labels love to pick up acts that already have a good foundation in place.
Labels make a good headline.
Labels make cynics of the best of voters who opted for the losing candidate.
Labels mask a great deal of diversity, the author notes.
Labels mean different things to different people.
Labels normally have a capital first letter.
Labels now contain a great deal of information intended to protect and instruct the public.
Labels objects in books.
Labels offer suggestions to help adults explain some of the ideas to young visitors.
Labels -On the back of the illustrations, put the paper title, author, and figure number.
Labels only confuse people.
Labels only features whose labels are smaller than their own extents.
Labels only mean something if the clothing is distinctive.
Labels peel off and are sticky back.
Labels print nicely.
Labels print out on plain paper or new adhesive-backed moisture resistant laser and ink jet films.
Labels printed on other systems require each relevant field to be scanned.
Labels printing in-house can become gremlins.
Labels produce a stigma.
Labels provide a brief statement of the hazards associated with the chemical.
Labels provide a consumer's first impression of most packaged food products.
Labels provide consumers with a wealth of information about meat and meat products.
Labels provide directions for the proper use of a pesticide product.
Labels provide vital information about chemical hazards and help prevent accidents.
Labels really are for cans.
Labels refer to areas discussed in the text.
Labels refer to stars just below-left of the label.
Labels rely principally on symbols to indicate the hazard.
Labels result in emotional fear and damage.
Labels serve the same identity-defining function.
Labels start in the first column.
Labels start swarming.
Labels tell which appliances can save energy -Aug.
Labels tend to become self-fulfilling prophecies.
Labels tend to persist.
Labels tend to stick and cause problems later on.
Labels tend to stick.
Labels typically spend about a million bucks in the first year to break a new act.
Labels uniform height on pins.
Labels use a for attribute to identify the related form field.
Labels vary as to use of various insecticidal products on garments, furniture and carpets.
Labels vary based on formulations, so read the instructions carefully.
Labels vary in crop use.
Labels warn that even slight exposure to roots can kill trees.
Labels work allright inside a document though.
Labels work in ink-jet printer.
Labels work well with postcards, but they are too impersonal for letters.
Labels work with signature and works toward writing name.
Labels always carry instructions for mixing certain volumes of finished spray.
Labels often are imprecise.
Labels often carry both terms for accuracy in fiber identification.
Labels often change over the years, for better or worse.
Labels often claim illegal importation despite local manufacture.
Labels often hold online chats to build interest about an upcoming release or performance.
Labels often list precautions to follow for safe use.
Labels usually specify the appropriate rate for each soil type.
All labels are available with color logos, color-coded numbering sequences, or custom color designs.
All labels are in Spanish.
All labels are intact and in fine condition.
All labels are intact.
All labels are self adhesive and come on a roll.
All labels are self-adhesive.
All labels are strong bond adhesives.
All labels are unbound controls, but they can be attached to other controls.
All labels are white, green or pastel colors.
All labels bear the original title of the album.
All labels come with templates to set up artwork.
All labels exploit.
All labels have the warning about consumption by pregnant women or drivers.
All labels have water resistant food grade adhesive.
All labels list total calories in a serving size of the product.
All labels listed are blank and white unless otherwise indicated.
ALL labels temporarily replace the names of variables and statistics.
All labels utilize high tack adhesive for optimum performance and longevity.
Any label used to describe or classify someone has connotations and limitations.
Any labels placed directly inside the titledbox element become part of the caption on the titledbox.
Every label is required to list the total calories and fat calories of the food.
Every label is unique.
Every label lists dosages from early childhood to adult.
Every label states how much pesticide can be used and how to use it properly.
Every label wants a single.
Many labels choose to hire outside media companies to handle the promotion of their releases.
Many labels contain a phone number to call in an emergency.
Many labels direct that vomiting be induced.
Many labels overlap when using the scale and font parameters suggested above.
More labels are sure to follow.
Most labels also caution against using herbicides if the crop is under any stress.
Most labels also have a pre-grazing interval.
Most labels also specify chemically resistant gloves and boots.
Most labels are pressure sensitive.
Most labels are very hard to remove.
Most labels call for the herbicide to be applied pre-emerge in spring and fall.
Most labels clearly specify the maximum growth stage of the crop at which the product can be used.
Most labels come in a handy dispenser.
Most labels correct.
Most labels have their own legal dept.
Most labels have to struggle quite a long time to accumulate such a great collection of talent.
Most labels limit the use of thiram on fruit trees to the dormant season.
Most labels recommend the herb be taken only for eight weeks.
Most labels specify the level of the sparkling wine's sweetness.
Most labels specify the name of the conditioner which is added to the product.
Most labels thus start through loans from family and friends or by bands themselves.
Some labels allow higher rates for leaf spots.
Some labels are already including interactive options on CDs for the consumer.
Some labels are links to details about the specific cellular structure.
Some labels are misleading.
Some labels are new.
Some labels are now, belatedly, moving to sell music digitally.
Some labels are simply wrong and can have deleterious effects.
Some labels are small, some large.
Some labels are the result of an obvious conclusion.
Some labels call for a household bleach or another sodium hypochlorite to be mixed with water.
Some labels can be helpful by including a sell by date.
Some labels do call for slightly increased rates in no-till, compared to conventional tillage.
Some labels even suggest separating household cats from treated dogs.
Some labels excite more public empathy than others.
Some labels give both fiber content and care.
Some labels give disposal recommendations.
Some labels have a typographical error in the dosage statement.
Some labels have U.S. government, industry, or international standards that are followed.
Some labels look like oil paintings, brush strokes and all.
Some labels offer management and marketing, while others are bare-bones operations.
Some labels provide the number of calories in one gram of fat, carbohydrate, and protein.
Some labels pull off easily but many have to be scraped.
Some labels recommend adjusting surfactant rates to minimize injury.
Some labels tell the approximate number of calories in a gram of fat, carbohydrate, and protein.
Some labels use cut lines after the groups name and the album title.
Some labels work a record for a year.
Labeled blocks are useful with break and continue .
Labeled information is more difficult to circumvent and therefore more secure.
Labeled output is recommended.
Labeled photos are also good.
Labeled primers are available for common priming sites.
Labeled rates vary by crop.
Labeled rock specimens from around the state.
Labeled scarp is crossed by airgun profile above.
Labeled scarp is shown in higher resolution profile below.
Labeled sections are essential.
Labeling theories make a sharp distinction between primary deviance and secondary deviance .
Labeling theory calls attention to two kinds of deviance.
Labeling theory is discussed and the paper focuses on juvenile delinquency when it provide examples.
Labeling theory is included in the discussion.
Labeling theory is when a person does something wrong and they get labeled as a bad person.
Labeling theory relies on the ideas of primary and secondary deviance.
Labeling theory stresses that certain actions are inherently deviant.a.
Labelled arrows point to distinctive structural features.
Labelled clothing is easier to locate.
Labelled pictures introduce vocabulary and such concepts as cause and effect and parts of a whole.
Labelled signs help with identification.
Labelling theory is also interested in the effects of labelling on individuals.
Labelling theory is different from the theories above.
Labellings are applications.
Labial adhesions are generally easy to see.
Labial adhesions are paper thin attachments between the inner walls of the opening of the vagina.
Labial adhesions can sometimes cause urinary pain or difficulty urinating.
Labial endometriosis is so rare as to be less common than hens teeth.
Labial hypertrophy is an uncommon disease but one that can cause adolescents much distress.
Labial sides are usually the smoother sides.
Labium isa body part.
Labiums have (part) corpi.
Labor activists accuse manufacturers of keeping wages low and turning a blind eye to exploitation.
Labor activists say that the problem is often moot by the time the court rules.
Labor activists stand up for fair budgets.
Many labor activists are well aware of the positions of developing country governments.
Many labor activists think so.
Most labor activists believe it is the latter.
Labor certification involves several steps.
Labor certification is discussed in detail here .
Labor certification is granted only if the employer can satisfactorily prove that.
Labor certification is only the first step toward permanent residence.
Labor certification is only the first step towards permanent residency.
Labor certification is required and can be a lengthy process.
Labor certification is required for most of the other employment based immigration application.
Labor certification is similar to the employment validation process in Canada.
Labor certifications are one of the most common methods of employment based immigration.
Labor certifications are only good for the area of intended employment stated on the certification .
Labor certifications remain as an alternative to national interest waiver immigrant visa petitions.
Most labor certifications are ultimately successful.
A labor contract is a contract
Labor contracts are a special case of economic duress.
Labor contracts are contracts.
Labor contracts end for many integrated mills in mid-summer.
Most labor contracts have specific wage increments built into their language.
Labor cost are one of the largest expenditures of any organization.
Labor cost is an issue for German firms.
Labor cost is dependent on the application process adopted by the user.
Labor cost is important.
Labor cost is only part of total cost.
Labor cost is the hook.
Labor cost is up.
Labor cost is usually the major item.
Labor cost means the sum of the payroll cost, payroll taxes, and directly associated benefits.
Labor costs account for about two-thirds of the final costs of goods and services.
Labor costs account for three-quarters of the increase.
Labor costs affect booth rates and, in turn, individual exhibitor decisions on participation.
Labor costs are a factor in deciding where to put jobs.
Labor costs are a major expenditure.
Labor costs are a significant portion of long term monitoring costs.
Labor costs are a significant portion of the cost of mining.
Labor costs are a significant portion of total costs.
Labor costs are already cheaper in most neighboring countries.
Labor costs are also extremely high.
Labor costs are also troublesome.
Labor costs are an eighth of what they are in Italy while energy is half the price it is here.
Labor costs are an enormous percentage of our operating budget.
Labor costs are an interesting part of the equation.
Labor costs are cheap, it's easy to set up shop and the climate is perfect.
Labor costs are competitive and lower than in many other regions.
Labor costs are excessive and safety is compromised.
Labor costs are fairly low.
Labor costs are frequently one of the largest costs a company incurs.
Labor costs are high and labor is becoming unionized.
Labor costs are high in Denmark.
Labor costs are high.
Labor costs are low.
Labor costs are lower and expense predictability is higher.
Labor costs are lower.
Labor costs are minimal, making Chinese goods cheaper to produce.
Labor costs are much lower than the U.S. and they have an abundance of skilled craftsmen.
Labor costs are much more important.
Labor costs are normally equal.
Labor costs are now even higher in Japan than in the United States.
Labor costs are one consideration.
Labor costs are reasonable.
Labor costs are slightly higher due to more precise operating conditions required without alcohol.
Labor costs are still under pressure because of continued labor scarcity throughout the District.
Labor costs are the cost driver for most banks.
Labor costs are the expense that kills the most businesses.
Labor costs are too high here.
Labor costs are usually high.
Labor costs are very competitive with or far below other parts of the country.
Labor costs are very low.
Labor costs assume hired field worker rates adjusted for social security taxes.
Labor costs can quickly overwhelm part costs, so watch out.
Labor costs escalate.
Labor costs fluctuate, depending on the time of year and availability of work.
Labor costs go up.
Labor costs includes salaries, wages, benefits, and related payroll taxes.
Labor costs increase because jacket insertion is time consuming.
Labor costs increase.
Labor costs remain construction's most important firewall against inflation.
Labor costs represent a huge outlay to most companies.
Labor costs represent the best possibility for reducing costs.
Labor costs take into account productivity.
Labor costs tend to differ among nations.
Labor costs vary from area to area.
Labor costs vary widely from industry to industry.
Labor costs vary widely.
Labor courts monitor effectively compliance with national health and safety laws and standards.
Labor day approaches.
Labor day is a big mystery to a lot of women.
Labor day is such an interesting concept.
Labor day means games for the children and adult friends.
Labor days are holidays.
Labor days are legal holidays.
Labor demand increases because more workers can now enter the workforce.
Labor demands are lower then, and in New Hampshire, soil conditions are more favorable for planting.
Labor disputes are frequent and people are rioting in the parks and streets.
Labor disputes are on the rise in China today.
Labor economists are always skeptical when they hear talk of labor shortages.
Labor economists explore education and resulting income.
Labor economists study the supply of workers and the demand for labor by employers.
Labor exploitation represents one issue.
A labor force is labor
Labor force is measured by the number of workers normalized by private capital stock.
Labor force is the sum of employment and unemployment.
Labor force is the sum of the number of employed and unemployed persons.
Labor forces are labor.
Labor groups disagree.
Labor groups say the answer is a resounding no.
Many labor groups are opposed to free trade.
Labor history is so interesting.
Labor intensity is a measure of how hard a population is working.
Labor law applies to employees.
Labor law determines the rights and obligations which arise out of an employment contract.
Labor law governs the relations between employers and unions.
Labor law prohibits statutory supervisors from influencing collective bargaining.
Labor law reports.
Labor law requires unions to negotiate and enforce contracts for members and non-members alike.
Labor laws apply throughout the entire private sector, including free zones.
Labor laws are so weak in the U.S. that employers can easily block attempts to form unions.
Labor laws are usually protective of workers in Argentina.
Labor laws forbid some juveniles from working with some types of power equipment.
Labor laws give workers the freedom to choose where they want to work without undue pressure.
Labor laws provide for equal rates of pay for equal work for men and women in the public sector.
Labor laws restrict the right of contingent workers to form unions and bargain collectively.
Labor laws vary greatly between countries, as do the local systems of enforcement.
A labor leader is a leader
Labor leaders are certainly politicians, albeit with a more narrow constituency and set of issues.
Labor leaders are leaders.
Labor leaders feel tremendous pride in labor's history and accomplishments.
Labor leaders make two arguments.
Labor leaders say profits are too high.
Labor leaders shop for the union label, but most workers shop for a good price.
A labor market is a market
Labor market analyses of gender segregation, earnings differentials and employment opportunities.
Labor market increases including special entry and range revisions.
Labor market increases including special entry rates and range revisions.
Labor market is highly educated and skilled.
Labor market is very tight for the particular position.
Labor market is worldwide from point of view of multinational corporations.
Labor market needs within the local community.
Labor markets are competitive and there are no anti-discrimination laws.
Labor markets are markets.
Labor markets are much less tight, even among the highly skilled.
Labor markets are much more flexible than schools.
Labor markets are still tight as businesses report wage pressures.
Labor markets are still tight as businesses struggle to attract and retain workers.
Labor markets are still tight, and getting worst in some areas.
Labor markets are still tight, while wages are increasing at a moderate pace.
Labor markets are strong and price pressures remain light.
Labor markets are strong, and price pressures remain light.
Labor markets are tight and economic demand for housing is steady.
Labor markets are tight, and wages have risen.
Labor markets are tight.
Labor markets continue tight and price increases for goods or services, low.
Labor markets continue to be tight.
Labor markets expand and contract.
Labor markets remain extremely tight in most areas.
Labor markets remain tight and employment high.
Labor markets remain tight around the District.
Labor markets remain tight in all Districts.
Labor markets remain tight in almost all areas and sectors.
Labor markets remain tight in most areas.
Labor markets remain tight in most parts of the District.
Labor markets remain tight in much of the District.
Labor markets remain tight throughout the country.
Labor markets remain tight, and wage growth accelerated.
Labor markets remain tight, but appear to being easing a bit.
Labor markets remain tight, though about half of the districts reported signs of loosening.
Labor markets remain tight, though somewhat less so than in the last report.
Labor markets remain tight.
Labor markets remain very tight.
Labor markets tend to be regionalized and fragmented.
Labor markets vary from job to job.
Most labor markets remain local.
Labor migrants make up one-half or more of the labor force of most Persian Gulf states.
Labor mobility is also vital to a booming economy.
Labor mobility is limited across Europe, and even within countries.
Labor mobility is vital to a booming economy.
Labor negotiations are a proper subject for executive session.
Labor negotiations are hard work.
Labor negotiations provide a background for their brief but devastating romantic affair.
Labor news can also be hard to come by.
Labor organizations are clear about their explicit self-interests and tend to have implicit values.
Labor organizations can assist in planning and offering high-quality training and work experience.
Labor organizations continue to press for healthier, safer working conditions.
A labor organizer is an union representative
Labor organizers are a big target, as are agitators for land reform.
A labor pool is labor
Labor pools migrate about Texas and the United States, relieving market pressures.
Labor positions have no requirements.
Labor power becomes too productive to be contained in capitalist social relations.
Labor power is a commodity.
Labor power is considered the commodity.
Labor power is the source of labor .
Labor problems continue, though.
Labor problems persist.
Labor productivity gives the quantity of cheese a cheeser makes in an hour of work.
Labor productivity gives the quantity of wine a winer makes in an hour of work.
Labor productivity grows faster when more output is produced in fewer hours.
Labor productivity is increased through shorter process cycles.
Labor productivity is measured as output per hour.
Labor productivity is measured by output per hour worked.
Labor productivity is measured by output per hour.
Labor productivity is output per worker.
Labor productivity is procyclical in general.
Labor productivity is second to no other steel industry worldwide.
Labor productivity tends to decline as the proportion of state shares increases.
Labor productivity varies from country to country.
Labor relations are a private matter.
Labor relations are both cooperative and adversarial.
Labor relations are nothing more than human relations.
Labor relations can be a complicated issue and our situation was no different.
Labor relations is strongly preferred.
Labor relations remain a sore spot for the airline industry.
Labor relations seem quite good here.
Labor scarcity continues as the most-cited problem confronting businesses in the district.
Labor secretary calls for an end to Silicosis .
Labor services are no different.
Labor shortage is nationwide, but little labor related inflation pressures.
Labor shortage persists, but with little inflationary pressures.
Labor shortages appear to be abating except in the tourism sector.
Labor shortages appear to be leading retailers to boost wages in order to retain critical help.
Labor shortages are a critical constraint on increasing agricultural production.
Labor shortages are likely to present the region with a greater challenge.
Labor shortages continue to exist in certain high-technology occupations.
Labor shortages continue to plague Maryland companies.
Labor shortages create intense competition for applicants.
Labor shortages occur during peak periods.
Labor shortages persist in many areas of the District, but wage pressures reportedly remain subdued.
Labor shortages remain a problem.
Labor standards are normative, and are a package or nothing.
Labor standards are the subject of the second side-agreement negotiations.
Labor standards can also contribute to faster growth.
Labor standards can be consistent.
Labor standards have to be upheld globally.
Labor standards vary depending on customer requirements.
Labor strikes are a zero sum game.
Labor strikes have industry-wide repercussions.
Labor supplies are inadequate, both for skilled and trainable workers.
Labor supply increases at an exogenous rate of n per year.
Labor supply is a positive relationship.
Labor supply is abundant but non-farming employment opportunities are very limited.
Labor turnover is high.
A labor union is an organization
Labor unions are a simpler matter.
Labor unions are a strong force in society.
Labor unions are a very controversial part of the work force today.
Labor unions are abundant in Michigan and Pennsylvania.
Labor unions are active and permitted to strike.
Labor unions are artificial entities.
Labor unions are free to organize and bargain collectively.
Labor unions are good for America.
Labor unions are good for the economy.
Labor unions are groups of workers who work together to stand up for their best interests.
Labor unions are illegal in Burma.
Labor unions are in favor.
Labor unions are independent of government and political party control.
Labor unions are independent of government or political party control.
Labor unions are intent on stopping trade liberalization.
Labor unions are nonexistent and work stop-pages unheard of.
Labor unions are organizations.
Labor unions are skilled in rallying their members for the greater common good.
Labor unions are stronger in some industries and occupations than in others.
Labor unions are the frequent targets of paramilitary threats and attacks.
Labor unions are the negotiators and watchdogs for the American workforce.
Labor unions are thus a defensive accommodation to the impersonality of the marketplace.
Labor unions are well organized and have the right to strike.
Labor unions are well organized.
Labor unions are well-organized.
Labor unions are whorehouses.
Labor unions can make a comeback.
Labor unions can picket businesses that they believe are treating their employees unfairly.
Labor unions can play a critical role in achieving that level of front-line worker recruitment.
Labor unions can play a large role in the development of the skill standards.
Labor unions claim that the strong pound has cost thousands of jobs.
Labor unions critique the effects of workfare on employment opportunities.
Labor unions decline to draw that distinction.
Labor unions derive their power to collectively bargain from state and federal laws.
Labor unions enjoy exemption from anti-trust law.
Labor unions fall near the bottom of Vietnam's complex political structure.
Labor unions feel that their members are bearing an unfair share of such flexibility needs.
Labor unions flex their political muscle with money collected from mandatory members' dues.
Labor unions gather union members and have a festival in many places.
Labor unions grow Other labor unions flourished.
Labor unions grow.
Labor unions have a strong history in Bolivia.
Labor unions have no inherent power except for the accumulation of the members labor-power.
Labor unions have significant effect on wages, benefits, and working conditions.
Labor unions have the legal responsibility to represent their workers.
Labor unions have their origins in craft societies.
Labor unions negotiate wages and conditions directly with management.
Labor unions operate on the principle of one person, one vote.
Labor unions operate, unknown to management, as a second management chain to the employee.
Labor unions oppose increasing visas.
Labor unions plan to stage protests against the measure which they say favors the rich.
Labor unions play a far less important role than in Europe.
Labor unions represent employees.
Labor unions represent millions of front-line workers in both the public and private sectors.
Labor unions represent workers and seek to protect members' interests through collective bargaining.
Labor unions seek minimum-wage laws and other legislation that eliminates competition.
Labor unions show another interesting contrast in distribution patterns.
Labor unions stand to gain more membership through the growth of the city and industry.
Labor unions urge elected officials.
Labor unions work to support the best interests of the workers of a business or industry.
All labor unions have the right to affiliate with international trade organizations.
Many labor unions are intent upon restricting the number of workers employed in their field.
Most labor unions represent employees.
Labor unity is at all times the key for a successful economic advancement.
Labor unrest is common and the port has a reputation for high handling charges.
Labor unrest is virtually nonexistent.
Labor unrest threatens much of the East Asian region.
Labor violence spreads to railroads and mining.
Labor accounts for a large cost because recyclable trash is picked up twice a week.
Labor accounts for a relatively small share of the production costs of insulin.
Labor accounts for much of the cost and includes transporting furniture between buildings.
Labor accounts for much of the difference.
Labor adds the largest component to greenhouse rearing.
Labor affects cytokine production in newborns.
Labor alone produces all wealth.
Labor already has to find ways over and above dues to finance political activity.
Labor also appears to be trying to hide a growing confidence.
Labor also fears a loss of U.S. jobs.
Labor also has to come clean here too as to where they stand.
Labor also says trade benefits only large international corporations.
Labor also wants to stop the privatization of state agencies.
Labor appears determined to resist privatization and the upcoming new stage of impoverishment.
Labor are the watchdogs of the working class.
Labor ask in the cough or grow books.
Labor ask in the cough or grow computers.
Labor ask in the cough or grow electronic.
Labor ask in the cough or grow flowers.
Labor ask in the cough or grow movies.
Labor ask in the cough or grow shopping.
Labor ask in the cough or grow telecom.
Labor ask in the cough or grow toys.
Labor attempted by no telephone however suppose Classic car price.
Labor attracts new employers.
Labor becomes a class to be protected against another class called management.
Labor becomes a commodity, subject to supply-demand law.
Labor becomes more onerous the more laborsaving devices are applied to production.
Labor begins when there is a sudden change in the mother's internal regulatory system.
Labor begins with contractions of the uterus and abdominal muscles.
Labor begins, or at least the contractions seem like labor.
Labor believes Australia has two choices.
Labor believes in what works.
Labor believes that unregulated private enterprise tends to produce inequalities and injustices.
Labor believes there are already enough financial incentives for maintaining safe workplaces.
Labor blocks white supremacists in Billings, Montana.
Labor can also start with a gush or trickle of water from the vagina.
Labor can be a controversial item.
Labor can be a long journey.
Labor can be expensive with hardware-laden systems.
Labor can end up costing as much as or even more than parts.
Labor can go on strike.
Labor can have no effective voice as long as it is unorganized.
Labor can occur at anytime towards the end of the third trimaster.
Labor can only learn to do by doing, is the idea back of direct action.
Labor can stay home.
Labor can t give up, either.
Labor can take a while.
Labor can win, but only if it has a message.
Labor cares about a republic.
Labor charging involves money and intentional charging errors are fraud.
Labor combine down lots topic therefore being velvet hat.
Labor comprises a significant portion of total farm production expenses.
Labor conquers all things.
Labor constitutes one of the few costs they can control.
Labor contends that the shop turned a profit last year.
Labor costs a concern.
Labor costs money.
Labor demands a judicial inquiry.
Labor depends on good learning opportunities.
Labor depends on the size.
Labor describes the first part of the birth process that relate to the cervix of the uterus.
Labor divides into labor itself and wages of labor.
Labor does best when capital is in abundance relative to labor.
Labor done, a few people get off the last bus.
Labor explains it's position.
Labor fails to progress.
Labor follows, and a dead fetus is delivered.
Labor gets their negotiating power by being able to disrupt the company, meaning the traveler.
Labor gives itself an outside chance.
Labor gradually grows more and more painful, creating an increasingly intense focus.
Labor has a long and rich history of fighting to provide working families with a decent living.
Labor has a phenomenal infrastructure that can garner quick response.
Labor has a plan to Build a Better Territory.
Labor has a record of confrontation and antagonism in dealing with the fishing industry.
Labor has a structure in place that allows people to work on the job.
Labor has a subservient and thus compromised position relative to the owning class in both cases.
Labor has a totally different starting point to the others.
Labor has nothing positive to offer.
Labor has some real genuine concerns.
Labor has the most to lose from the wrong decisions, and the most to gain from the right ones.
Labor has three stages.
Labor has to have parity to have respect from management and dues payers.
Labor has to learn to take up the struggles of people of color and immigrant communities.
Labor has to stick together.
Labor has two main groupings, with constituent branches throughout the country.
Labor has yet to show the answer is yes.
Labor here is respected.
Labor historically has a rising cost.
Labor intends to do just that through rollback.
Labor invested is worth zero at selling time.
Labor involves contraction.
Labor is a big piece of it and it has to be reasonable.
Labor is a cash cost that helps offset the increased costs mentioned above.
Labor is a challenge that needs to be respected.
Labor is a craft, but perfect rest is an art.
Labor is a distant second in overall contributions, with ideological contributions coming in third.
Labor is a good example.
Labor is a great time to focus on people's expressions and how they interact together.
Labor is a historically specific form of human activity.
Labor is a limited resource.
Labor is a measure of human work in units of the total person equivalents applied over time.
Labor is a microcosm of life.
Labor is a precious commodity, too.
Labor is a process that begins gradually.
Labor is a required part of each day.
Labor is a resource only if it is willing and able to work.
Labor is a right of the individual and an obligation to society.
Labor is a significant input for the industry.
Labor is a unique experience for everyone.
Labor is a very intense experience.
Labor is abundant in the region, and wage rates are usually a little lower.
Labor is all human exertion in the production of wealth.
Labor is almost always more efficient if the woman is up and about.
Labor is also cheaper in China.
Labor is also critical to manufacturing success.
Labor is also interested in establishing a framework for managing knowledge management.
Labor is also team work.
Labor is always free when the defective part is under warranty.
Labor is an abstract category, but it represents many different forms.
Labor is an aerobic event.
Labor is an amazing journey.
Labor is an autonomic process.
Labor is an easily-identified input to virtually every production process.
Labor is an expense, and when the price of labor goes up, employers use less of it.
Labor is an intensely powerful and, truthfully, painful experience.
Labor is another crucial issue.
Labor is another important ingredient for growth.
Labor is at a fair rate.
Labor is at present doing very well on negatives.
Labor is available and cheap in the country and there is substantial unemployment.
Labor is available at competitive rates.
Labor is based on an hourly rate.
Labor is billed by the hour, and is competitively priced with most establishments.
Labor is billed by the hour.
Labor is billed portal to portal, with a four-hour minimum.
Labor is by far the largest and most influential component of the consumer's food dollar.
Labor is by far the largest contributor to the higher costs.
Labor is capital.
Labor is charged in addition to equipment rates.
Labor is cheap and the economy is booming.
Labor is cheap in Vietnam, but so is it in the rest of southeast Asia.
Labor is cheap, and it is treated that way under capitalism.
Labor is cheap, there are few if any safety standards, costs are cut.
Labor is cheap, while domestic demand has picked up.
Labor is cheaper here.
Labor is classes.
Labor is closed.
Labor is committed to a vigorous and strategic approach to State economic development.
Labor is committed to maintaining representative and balanced trustee structures.
Labor is committed to rolling it back.
Labor is considered preterm if it occurs prior to the thirty-seventh week of pregnancy.
Labor is costlessly mobile across industries within a country but is immobile across countries.
Labor is covered for one year from the date of purchase.
Labor is covered for the life of the product.
Labor is covered only at the site of breakdown.
Labor is crucial.
Labor is degraded in the fettered limbs of the slave.
Labor is described as an industrial army.
Labor is different for every woman, but it can be difficult to tell when it really begins.
Labor is discussed below.
Labor is divided between men and women in the villages.
Labor is divided easily, according to the gifts of both parties.
Labor is divided equally, or an obvious attempt to do so is made.
Labor is divided into stages.
Labor is divided into three stages.
Labor is divided into two phases, the latent phase and the active phase.
Labor is dominated by Peronist unions.
Labor is donated, mostly church members from the various church groups that build the houses.
Labor is donated.
Labor is drunk with political power.
Labor is English speaking, and available in ample supply.
Labor is excluded .
Labor is excluded.
Labor is extra, and is charged in addition to the cost of the covering material.
Labor is firmly committed to a local hiring requirement - through local union halls.
Labor is free, and parts are dirt cheap.
Labor is generally shorter for subsequent pregnancies.
Labor is generally slower during the first pregnancy.
Labor is good for the baby and for the mother.
Labor is hard physical work and includes some pain.
Labor is hard to find, thus ranks as a top consideration among companies that plan to relocate.
Labor is hard work and takes a lot of energy.
Labor is hard work, and the body needs the energy to work effectively.
Labor is hard work.
Labor is higher than minimum wage for food concessionaires.
Labor is highly organized and militant, as the recent general strike revealed.
Labor is honorable in itself when it is undertaken at the bidding of ambition or virtue.
Labor is in short supply here, and developers are encroaching on farmland.
Labor is in the same boat.
Labor is included during the warranty period.
Labor is included when labor occurs in our shop.
Labor is incredibly cheap.
Labor is induced and all but the head of the baby is delivered.
Labor is induced at the hospital.
Labor is induced in the mother.
Labor is induced the next day, and the mother delivers a dead child.
Labor is induced with oxytocin.
Labor is inexpensive and, willing.
Labor is inexpensive, and energy, supplied by hydroelectric dams, is the cheapest in the hemisphere.
Labor is inexpensive, but productivity is low.
Labor is just plain high.
Labor is less mobile than it was in the last century.
Labor is located in work.
Labor is measured by the number of hours of labor expended in the production of output.
Labor is measured in thousands of male agricultural workers engaged in agriculture.
Labor is mobile across industries.
Labor is mobile across sectors.
Labor is moderately procyclical.
Labor is nature's way of trying to correct the problem.
Labor is needed for a shorter period of time.
Labor is needed for both.
Labor is needed on the inside to prevent the mischief of a far-right coalition.
Labor is no less intense than in hand-mating programs.
Labor is no longer a factor of production.
Labor is no longer servitude.
Labor is noble and holy.
Labor is now in a brilliant position.
Labor is now in favour of our human rights dialogue.
Labor is often easier for regular exercisers as well.
Labor is often the father of lei s ure.
Labor is often the main determinate into how much a mesquite control project is going to cost.
Labor is one major factor that plays a role in determining the price of a rug.
Labor is one of the greatest expenses in producing Tillandsia.
Labor is one of the main cost components of a detailed estimate.
Labor is only a day and only a portion of it is really intense.
Labor is only one of many factors of production used by a firm.
Labor is onsite during the first year, and parts shipping covers the balance of the warranty.
Labor is opposed.
Labor is painful and there is no way to measure the pain, like taking a temperature.
Labor is performed only on amplifiers that are already sold.
Labor is plentiful and workers are better educated.
Labor is plentiful in Tianjin.
Labor is prior to, and independent of capital.
Labor is prior to, and independent of, capital.
Labor is property.
Labor is provided without charge in most cases.
Labor is reduced at least tenfold.
Labor is relatively cheap in Moldova.
Labor is restless for more employment and better working conditions.
Labor is right about that.
Labor is scarce right now, so progress on construction is very slow.
Labor is set at a flat rate depending on the vendor and equipment being serviced.
Labor is set to alleviate the plight of refugee applicants for asylum here.
Labor is shorter and mother experience less pain after the birth.
Labor is skilled and controlled relatively more by incentives.
Labor is so plentiful that operators can do just what they please.
Labor is sometimes long, and a bit boring, to children.
Labor is spontaneous and the birth is usually vaginal.
Labor is still the largest faction, they note.
Labor is suddenly on the back foot.
Labor is supposed to provide a counterweight to the corporate interests.
Labor is that element in capitalist society that produces all wealth.
Labor is the active and initial force, and labor is therefore the employer of capital.
Labor is the base line of physical exertion for every woman.
Labor is the effort that people contribute to the production of goods and services.
Labor is the largest and most recent item included here.
Labor is the largest chunk of the industry's expenses.
Labor is the main cost in any individual plant treatment brush control effort.
Labor is the main cost in most consumer goods.
Labor is the Most Glorious.
Labor is the only prayer that is ever answered.
Labor is the only resource in the production process.
Labor is the only source of wealth.
Labor is the process by which contractions of a pregnant uterus cause birth.
Labor is the single largest variable cost in a retail operation.
Labor is the single most expensive part of doing business in our industry.
Labor is the single most important factor in determining national income.
Labor is the source of all wealth and all culture.
Labor is the substance and the immanent measure of value, but it has itself no value.
Labor is the superior of capital and deserves much the higher consideration.
Labor is the superior of capital, and deserves much higher consideration.
Labor is the superior of capital, and deserves much of higher consideration.
Labor is the superior of capital, and deserves much the higher consideration.
Labor is the supporter of capital, and deserves the Higher Consideration.
Labor is the third factor that influences economic growth.
Labor is the way to acquire property and claim it as one's own.
Labor is their lifestyle.
Labor is tight, money is available.
Labor is time and half or higher for after hours or weekends.
Labor is too militant.
Labor is typically a significant share of costs for retailers.
Labor is under attack all across the country.
Labor is very concerned about the affordability of and access to banking services in Australia.
Labor is very different in quality, and each kind of labor renders specific services.
Labor is very expensive in Argentina, so as our volume grows, automation is increasingly important.
Labor is warranted for a ninety-day period following the date of sale.
Labor is well supplied to Hacienda employers by the surrounding local housing stock.
Labor is work
Labor is work.
Labor is, by far, the biggest expense in running a transit system.
Labor isa activity.
Labor likes America onto an circumstance behind one bench.
Labor lists current budget materials on an access page that is organized chronologically.
Labor looks to a frank exchange of views.
Labor looks to be in the box seat for the election, but what are the risks.
Labor loves Marxist drivel.
Labor makes wealth.
Labor means work.
Labor needs a net gain of just six seats to win office.
Labor needs a new set of tactics and a new level of militancy to fight back.
Labor needs a uniform swing of just under one percent to win.
Labor needs representation because often votes are taken.
Labor needs to be a part of it.
Labor needs to champion production priorities that rebuild our country and our infrastructure.
Labor needs to chart an independent working-class course.
Labor needs to go out on a limb and come up with more visionary, innovative policy ideas.
Labor needs to mobilize now in every Congressional district in order to defeat the TEAM Act.
Labor needs to win only six seats from the ruling coalition in the next election to take power.
Labor never exists in a vacuum-it has a social character.
Labor normally accounts for the largest share of home-building costs.
Labor now has a place at the community table.
Labor occurs in two stages.
Labor occurs when contractions are frequent or intense enough to cause cervical changes.
Labor offers no solution.
Labor only needs seven seats nationally to win government.
Labor overhead is built-in to all labor costing.
Labor paid in kind is an important part of cleanout labor.
Labor processes internal to organizations and power networks among organizations.
Labor produces all wealth and provides all the services.
Labor produces all wealth.
Labor produces value in goods or services.
Labor progresses more easily if a woman can work with, rather than against, contractions.
Labor progresses without mental interference.
Labor promises apology to Aborigines.
Labor puts job creation and job security at the top of our list of priorities.
Labor receives wages, salaries, and commissions.
Labor refuse toward most pants both highlight Cheap north face hiking equipment.
Labor releases unemployment claims.
Labor releases weekly jobless claims, personal incomes-spending.
Labor releases weekly jobless claims.
Labor releases weekly unemployment claims.
Labor remains a big part of the operation.
Labor remains available and competitively priced.
Labor remains scarce and capital cheap.
Labor remains the single largest controllable cost for an airline.
Labor reports building and buying are up, but there is little time to enjoy life.
Labor represents a stress to the fetus.
Labor required for any upgrades to a unit under contract during the year is at no charge.
Labor requires a net gain of eight seats to win office, and five marginal seats are in Victoria.
Labor responds to the organization and direction of capital.
Labor saving ideas include lot design, portable shelters, and finishing lambs with self-feeders.
Labor saving ideas include use of working dogs, chute, and sorting alley.
Labor seeks more involvement in the great issues of the day in our multicultural community.
Labor seems to be cutting off all the options.
Labor seems to be stirring again after a couple of years of relative tranquility.
Labor seems to be the big deal in today's economy.
Labor sees organizing potential in workplaces now dominated by immigrant workers.
Labor sends off-site employees videotapes on security matters.
Labor signifies potential power to intellectuals.
Labor solidly backs the dams.
Labor stands for much which is good about Australia.
Labor starts with regular contractions of the uterus.
Labor stops after it is well under way.
Labor Strikes Back.
Labor supports the ergonomics rule, although many construction groups and gop lawmakers oppose it.
Labor takes precedence over both capital and technology in the production process.
Labor traditionally is divided along lines of class, level of education, gender, and age.
Labor typically takes about one hour.
Labor varies, too.
Labor wants a new coast guard, drawing together coastal surveillance and protection resources.
Labor wants to keep the fund stable and maintain or increase the benefits for injured workers.
Labor wears many faces, and is driven by myriad motivations.
Labor works for favorable employer-employee relations.
Labors are basically worried about work conditions around the world.
Labors are like babies, each one is different from the next.
Labors completed are pleasant.
Labor often participates in government deliberations on labor issues.
Labor sometimes begins with amniotic fluid gushing or leaking from the vagina.
Labor usually accounts for of the total job.
Labor usually occurs within a few days.
Labor usually starts shortly after or before rupture of the amniotic membranes.
Labor usually starts two weeks before or after the estimated date of delivery.
All labor associated with repairing or replacing covered items is included.
All labor has dignity and all workers deserve a decent wage.
All labor is based at six hours, including set up, breakdown and clean up.
All labor is billed separately above and beyond any of the menu prices and packages.
All labor is billed separately.
All labor is commerce.
All labor is considered as being either productive labor or overhead.
All labor is contributed free.
All labor is donated.
All labor is guaranteed for one year to our customers.
All labor is guaranteed with a one-year warranty by the contractor.
All labor is included.
All labor is provided at an additional per-hour cost.
All labor is provided by volunteers from the parish.
All labor is provided by volunteers.
All labor is volunteer.
All labor is volunteered and all costs are paid by donations and advertisements.
All labor is volunteered.
All labor making and selling candles is donated.
Every labor is different just as every woman is different.
Every labor is different.
Every labor is unique, and every woman experiences discomfort in a different way.
More labor is necessary.
More labor is required to increase productivity on a given parcel of land.
Most labor involves contraction.
Most labor is performed in one of our two plants located in the Bath Industrial Park.
Most labor is volunteered, thus reducing the cost of the home.
Most labors involve healthy babies.
Most labors start with some lower back pain or menstrual-like pelvic cramping.
Much labor is done by each family volunteering at least half a day per month.
Much labor is involved in harvesting and packaging seed.
Some labor is regulated by union contract.
Some labors progress more quickly than others.
Laboraratory exercises provide experience in observation, experimentation, and analysis.
Laboratary work holds a subordinate position.
Many laboratory accidents result from improper use of glassware.
Laboratory analyses provide information.
Laboratory analyses provide more information.
Laboratory animals are an essential part of the investigative process.
Laboratory animals are essential to research on new therapies and cures.
Laboratory animals are in protected environments.
Laboratory animals are indispensable to basic research in nearly all facets of the biosciences.
Laboratory animals are sensitive to the use of electronic equipment and the presence of strangers.
Laboratory animals behave quite like humans when it comes to alcohol consumption and stress.
Laboratory animals can also be inoc- ulated.
Laboratory animals lose their jaw bone when their ovaries are removed.
Laboratory animals maintain large caches in their burrows.
Laboratory animals play an equally important role.
Laboratory animals provide living systems for medical researchers to test out their ideas.
Laboratory animals show no harmful effects.
Laboratory animals suffer great pain and distress.
Some laboratory animals cause cancer.
Some laboratory animals cause liver cancer.
A laboratory coat is a coat
Laboratory coats are highly desirable to protect clothing.
Laboratory components explore biological concepts.
Laboratory components explore concepts.
Laboratory diagnosis can be very slow.
Laboratory diagnosis includes the examination of feces and duodenal contents for larvae.
Laboratory diagnosis is based on identifying the parasite in red blood cells.
Laboratory diagnosis is difficult.
Laboratory diagnosis is done by microscopic examination of anal swabs.
Laboratory diagnosis is made by virus isolation or serum neutralization blood testing.
Laboratory diagnosis requires parental platelet typing and identification of maternal antibody.
Laboratory equipment can be quite expensive, so be careful.
Laboratory equipment includes instrumentation for measuring instantaneous blood pressure and flow.
Laboratory equipment is available to support courses in engineering and computer science.
Laboratory equipment is capable of much more sensitive analysis.
Laboratory equipment is devices.
Laboratory equipment is functional and is used correctly.
Laboratory equipment is state of the art.
Laboratory equipment is used to collect data and analyze results.
All laboratory equipment is to be used according to the posted instructions for that apparatus.
Some laboratory equipment is loaned by the school.
Laboratory evidence indicates development.
Laboratory experiments demonstrate effects.
Laboratory experiments demonstrate negative effects.
Laboratory experiments demonstrate strong effects.
Laboratory experiments demonstrate strong negative effects.
Laboratory experiments illustrate roles.
Laboratory experiments provide evidence.
Laboratory experiments show degrees.
Laboratory experiments show inductions.
Laboratory experiments show ranges.
Laboratory experiments show responses.
Laboratory experiments show salinity.
Laboratory experiments show vegetation responses.
Laboratory experiments use approaches.
Laboratory glassware contains a large amount of silica and boric oxide.
Laboratory glassware is recyclable, after it has been emptied, rinsed and the label defaced.
Laboratory glassware used in each session is to be washed at the end of each lab period.
Laboratory hardware consists of workstations to run simulation and signal processing software.
Laboratory instrument is now available.
Laboratory investigation is divided equally between anatomical and physiological studies.
Laboratory investigation is generally unnecessary, given the classic clinical presentation.
Laboratory investigation is included.
Laboratory investigations apply concepts presented in lecture.
Laboratory investigations are an important component of the course.
Laboratory investigations are an integral part of the course.
Laboratory investigations are in process.
Laboratory investigations are inherent to the methodology used to acquire mastery of concepts.
Laboratory investigations are ongoing.
Laboratory investigations complement each unit of study.
Laboratory investigations consist of a five-step sequential extraction on solid tailings samples.
Laboratory investigations develop important inquiry skills.
Laboratory investigations emphasize processes of scientific inquiry.
Laboratory investigations enhance the emphasis of process skills and laboratory safety.
Laboratory investigations introduce analytical techniques correlated to class studies.
Laboratory investigations provide hands-on experience in basic cell biology.
Laboratory investigations provide hands-on experience in basic organismal biology.
Laboratory investigations relating to the various topics are an important part of the course.
Laboratory investigations require students to develop their own methodology.
Laboratory investigations reveal extent.
Laboratory investigations support and reinforce the syllabus.
Laboratory investigations use leaching columns to simulate the field studies.
Most laboratory investigations reveal extent.
Some laboratory investigations explore concepts.
Laboratory measurements reflect permeability values.
Laboratory measurements reflect values.
Laboratory medicine is an integral part of equine practice.
Laboratory module is a clinically oriented system designed to provide data to healthcare personnel.
Laboratory mice can also get endotoxin-induced uveitis.
Laboratory notebooks are critical when unusual or unexpected results are obtained.
Laboratory notebooks are due before the final exams.
Laboratory notebooks are to be passed in at the conclusion of each laboratory or as directed.
Laboratory notebooks are to be used for all lab activities, calculation and notations.
Laboratory notebooks are VERY important.
Laboratory notebooks provide important legal information as well as scientific or engineering data.
Laboratory rats gain weight when they eat it.
Laboratory rats turn their noses up to any food with aspartame in it.
Some laboratory rats reach population size.
Some laboratory rats reach size.
Some laboratory rats reach stable population size.
Laboratory rodents are refractory to infection.
Laboratory rotations are a key feature of the program.
Laboratory rotations are a part of each student's curriculum.
Laboratory rotations are available in either department.
Laboratory rotations begin in the second semester of the first year.
Laboratory rotations begin the summer, prior to starting coursework.
Laboratory rotations serve two important purposes.
Laboratory safety begins with the best safety device .
Laboratory safety covers a wide range of complicated topics.
Laboratory safety involves chemical safety, fire safety, electrical safety, and other safety issues.
Laboratory safety is a professional issue.
Laboratory safety is an important aspect of safety in campus buildings.
Laboratory safety is discussed.
Laboratory safety is emphasized.
Laboratory safety is governed by numerous local, state and federal regulations.
Laboratory safety is important in all science classes.
Laboratory safety is no exception.
Laboratory safety is of vital importance.
Laboratory safety is stressed.
Laboratory safety is the personal responsibility of each and every individual in a laboratory.
Laboratory safety is very important in the lab.
Most laboratory strains used are, in contrast to wild- type yeasts, stable haploids.
Laboratory studies allow for the examination of lower doses using cancer-relevant endpoints.
Laboratory studies allow more control and a more comfortable working environment.
Laboratory studies are an important adjunct to clinical evaluation for assessment of renal function.
Laboratory studies are essential in management of many forms of hemorrhagic shock.
Laboratory studies are helpful in a minority of cases.
Laboratory studies are invariably unremarkable.
Laboratory studies are non-contributory.
Laboratory studies are normal.
Laboratory studies are similar in infants and older children.
Laboratory studies are then very helpful.
Laboratory studies are underway for the other cases.
Laboratory studies are unnecessary in uncomplicated cases.
Laboratory studies are usually unremarkable.
Laboratory studies can determine whether someone has a genetic disease.
Laboratory studies can reveal low albumin, elevated gamma globulin and an electrolyte imbalance.
Laboratory studies confirm the diagnosis.
Laboratory studies detect many different health problems.
Laboratory studies emphasize rate and equilibrium processes.
Laboratory studies emphasize the application of concepts developed in the lecture.
Laboratory studies indicate that chronic exposure causes cancer.
Laboratory studies involve extensive use of analog and digital computers.
Laboratory studies involve interpretation of topographic maps, soil maps, and aerial photographs.
Laboratory studies involve isolation and identification.
Laboratory studies reveal a normal hemoglobin and hematocrit and renal panel.
Laboratory studies reveal very poor respiratory function.
Laboratory studies show a clear difference in pain tolerance levels between men and women.
Laboratory studies show a decrease in albumin and total protein level.
Laboratory studies show activity in extracts of human cancer cells.
Laboratory studies show an elevated calcium in the blood .
Laboratory studies show it kills bacteria and fungus such as ringworm, athlete's foot.
Laboratory studies show no effect on reproductive systems or the developing fetus.
Laboratory studies show that latex condoms are impermeable to just about all STDs.
Laboratory studies show that manganese crosses the placenta and retards growth in fetal rodents.
Laboratory studies show that the hybrid females are sterile.
Laboratory studies use research methods from psychology, biology and physics.
Laboratory study consists of a comparative study of amphioxus, dogfish, necturus, and the cat.
Laboratory study emphasizes experimental methods utilized to examine adaptive mechanisms.
Laboratory study emphasizes significant index fossils.
Laboratory study includes field mapping, soil analysis, and slide preparation.
Laboratory study includes practical application of concepts learned in the lecture.
Laboratory study is confined to light microscopy.
Laboratory study is devoted to analytical determinations using various types of basic instruments.
Laboratory study is done in controlled lab settings.
Some laboratory studies indicate that progesterone stimulates the growth of breast tissue.
Laboratory technicians analyze both the raw and finished products.
Laboratory technicians analyze potentially infected samples.
Laboratory technicians are highly skilled individuals.
Laboratory technicians collect blood, conduct lab tests and report unusual results.
Laboratory technicians peer through microscopes at devices smaller than the width of a human hair.
Laboratory technicians possess associate degrees.
Laboratory technicians possess degrees.
Laboratory technicians use microscopes to analyze body fluids, such as blood and urine.
Most laboratory technicians possess associate degrees.
Most laboratory technicians possess degrees.
Laboratory techniques are necessary for a definitive diagnosis.
Laboratory techniques involve the evaluation of physical conditioning.
Laboratory techniques utilized include video, fluorescence and electron microscopy.
Some laboratory techniques involve interaction.
Laboratory technology is transferred to the U.S. supply base.
Laboratory tests are accurate, convenient and have a broader range of allergens than the skin tests.
Laboratory tests are available to screen for cardiovascular risk factors and to monitor treatment.
Laboratory tests are extremely useful.
Laboratory tests are generally of limited value in the diagnosis of botulism.
Laboratory tests are helpful in revealing dietary deficiencies.
Laboratory tests are important in diagnosing conditions of the thyroid gland.
Laboratory tests are important in diagnosing thyroid disease.
Laboratory tests are most useful when one remembers the following information.
Laboratory tests are necessary for a confident diagnosis.
Laboratory tests are necessary for a definite diagnosis and drugs are available for treatment.
Laboratory tests are necessary for diagnosis and evaluation of the response to treatment.
Laboratory tests are of limited value, used to rule out other conditions.
Laboratory tests are one thing, but whether they'll behave the same way on Mars is another.
Laboratory tests are pending.
Laboratory tests are repetitive experiments, which can be conducted under controlled conditions.
Laboratory tests are so helpful and include evaluation of the blood and stool.
Laboratory tests are the only way to confirm the presence of the viroid.
Laboratory tests are unchanged.
Laboratory tests are unlikely to be of practical value except in a pregnant woman.
Laboratory tests are usually normal.
Laboratory tests are usually of minimal diagnosis because they are usually nonspecific.
Laboratory tests are within reference range.
Laboratory tests can also confirm that there is inflammation.
Laboratory tests can be a valuable aid in diagnosing problems with all llamas.
Laboratory tests can detect methoxychlor in blood, fat, semen, and breast milk.
Laboratory tests can determine the salt content, pH and organic matter of organic amendments.
Laboratory tests can exclude the causes of extremity edema.
Laboratory tests can help confirm the diagnosis.
Laboratory tests can identify shigellosis in the stools of an infected person.
Laboratory tests can measure anabolic steroid breakdown products in the urine.
Laboratory tests can measure heptachlor and heptachlor epoxide following exposure to high levels.
Laboratory tests can measure pentachlorophenol in the blood, urine, and body tissues.
Laboratory tests can measure phenotypic and genotypic resistance.
Laboratory tests can provide useful information in the diagnosis of brain tumors.
Laboratory tests can show whether contamination occurred during mixing and filling or earlier.
Laboratory tests confirm diagnoses.
Laboratory tests confirm glycerine's antibacterial qualities, making it a very stable product.
Laboratory tests continue today to ensure the highest quality and terapeutic performance.
Laboratory tests cover laboratory material and subjects only.
Laboratory tests demonstrate the arbiter operates correctly.
Laboratory tests determine the amount of some analyte that is present in a biological sample.
Laboratory tests done at the health center are free.
Laboratory tests give further clues about the possible reason for a person's stupor or coma.
Laboratory tests have an adjunctive role in the evaluation of depressed patients.
Laboratory tests have shown ingestion of tobacco products causes brain tumors in mice.
Laboratory tests help conditions.
Laboratory tests help specific conditions.
Laboratory tests including imaging studies are usually of little value.
Laboratory tests indicate benefits.
Laboratory tests indicate potential benefits.
Laboratory tests indicate that the illness is probably histoplasmosis.
Laboratory tests indicate the systemic inflammatory nature of the disease.
Laboratory tests indicate variability in strength with the ore zone having the lowest strength.
Laboratory tests play a vital role in the diagnosis and treatment of disease.
Laboratory tests prove shopping carts pose serious health hazards.
Laboratory tests provide annual surveillance for anemia and solvent toxicity.
Laboratory tests reflect functions.
Laboratory tests reflect renal functions.
Laboratory tests reveal abnormalities in the erythrocytes in the blood and in the bone marrow.
Laboratory tests reveal no chemical residue on beans after roasting.
Laboratory tests reveal versions.
Laboratory tests show a surprising property.
Laboratory tests show antitumor activity.
Laboratory tests show good water quality at all sampling sites.
Laboratory tests show levels.
Laboratory tests show some cytokines inhibit development of coccidia parasites in the bird.
Laboratory tests show that mad deer disease can infect human brain tissue.
Laboratory tests show the characteristic antibodies in the blood.
Laboratory tests suggest that it also has a positive effect on the immune system.
Laboratory tests suggest that permethrin is more acutely toxic to children than to adults.
Laboratory tests using animals lead to faulty results.
Laboratory tests vary depending on the suspected cause.
All laboratory tests require a physician's order.
Many laboratory tests require an overnight fast to ensure accurate blood test results.
Most laboratory tests confirm diagnoses.
Most laboratory tests help conditions.
Most laboratory tests help specific conditions.
Most laboratory tests indicate benefits.
Most laboratory tests indicate potential benefits.
Most laboratory tests reflect functions.
Most laboratory tests reflect renal functions.
Most laboratory tests reveal versions.
Some laboratory tests can help determine the cause of dizziness and vertigo.
Some laboratory tests consist of identification.
Some laboratory tests indicate germination.
Some laboratory tests reveal presence.
Laboratory workers take actions.
A laboratory is work
Laboratories also house unique analytical measurement equipment.
Laboratories also study the policymaking process.
Laboratories analyze samples.
Laboratories analyze soil samples.
Laboratories apply current molecular techniques.
Laboratories apply knowledge.
Laboratories apply molecular techniques.
Laboratories apply techniques.
Laboratories arcade lyceum glenqarry unfortunate manchester described french gathered.
Laboratories are a small voice in the rulemaking process.
Laboratories are a very useful source of reports for surveillance of national notifiable diseases.
Laboratories are almost always collaborative.
Laboratories are an important part of the student's education.
Laboratories are an integral part of the course.
Laboratories are an integral part of the engineering programs.
Laboratories are another, offering same place, different time learning.
Laboratories are available each evening.
Laboratories are available to students for specific classes and related graduate thesis research.
Laboratories are both a means to advance science and the product of modern technology.
Laboratories are devoted to landform interpretation from topographic maps and aerial photographs.
Laboratories are devoted to studies of the contained flora, fauna, and principles of correlation.
Laboratories are equipped and staffed to provide for both instruction and research.
Laboratories are essential because many organisms are hard to picture from lectures and texts.
Laboratories are excellent places to practice and train some aspects of critical thinking.
Laboratories are extremely difficult to make up.
Laboratories are fortunate in the way software is developed, sold and supported.
Laboratories are generally informal.
Laboratories are ill equipped and supplies are short.
Laboratories are in a modern facility which includes a greenhouse.
Laboratories are in the process of identifying the oil.
Laboratories are independent research projects involving membrane biology.
Laboratories are located in universities.
Laboratories are mandatory.
Laboratories are modern and well equipped for the conduct of modern biomedical research.
Laboratories are of great importance.
Laboratories are of little aid to science.
Laboratories are only able to imitate it on the microscopic scale.
Laboratories are open after classes for additional study.
Laboratories are open to visiting scientists.
Laboratories are over-packed with students.
Laboratories are places where people labor night and day and often on weekends.
Laboratories are so designated due to special features, equipment, or purpose.
Laboratories are spacious and well-equipped with modern instrumentation.
Laboratories are subject to federal regulations and inspections every two years.
Laboratories are the sites of many potential hazards.
Laboratories are to be included with each individual course section.
Laboratories are two hours long.
Laboratories are typically busy places.
Laboratories are very different from lecture classes.
Laboratories are well equipped for the conduct of a wide variety of research activities.
Laboratories are well equipped for the current offerings leading to baccalaureate degrees.
Laboratories are well equipped to serve the needs of the various biology courses that are offered.
Laboratories are well equipped with instrumentation required for molecular biological procedures.
Laboratories are well equipped with the instrumentation required for modern biomedical research.
Laboratories are well instrumented for graduate research in the areas listed above.
Laboratories are well-equipped for a wide spectrum of modern biological research.
Laboratories are where science is done.
Laboratories are workplaces where small amounts of chemicals are used in non-routine ways.
Laboratories are workplaces.
Laboratories can adjust the sensitivity of rules and, if required, exclude outliers statistics.
Laboratories can also perform toxicity tests for chemicals present in water sediment nowadays.
Laboratories can also produce cannabinoids.
Laboratories can be dangerous places.
Laboratories can download reports in multiple formats to the central server.
Laboratories can educate prospective clients.
Laboratories can obtain accreditation for testing or calibration.
Laboratories can only partially replicate a real-world environment.
Laboratories can take on an exploratory mode too.
Laboratories can use the automated liquid-handling systems that they already have.
Laboratories carry out more tests than requested by the doctor or than are medically necessary.
Laboratories check for three types of dysplasia - mild, moderate and severe dysplasia.
Laboratories conduct experiments using cutting-edge technology.
Laboratories conduct tests.
Laboratories consider fundamentals and various techniques, with application to teaching.
Laboratories consist of detailed dissections of representative taxa.
Laboratories consist of identification of the plants in the field and on herbarium mounts.
Laboratories consist of studying rocks in thin section using a petrographic microscope.
Laboratories consist primarily of work on the local insect fauna.
Laboratories constitute an important part of the electrical engineering program.
Laboratories contain a field component.
Laboratories cover principles of simulation of ecological systems.
Laboratories delve into the intimacies of plant taxonomy and identification.
Laboratories demonstrate measurement methods, data presentation, and tests of theory.
Laboratories demonstrate workplace sampling and analysis techniques.
Laboratories determine characteristics.
Laboratories develop methods.
Laboratories do function tests.
Laboratories do genetic tests.
Laboratories do make a difference.
Laboratories do tests.
Laboratories emphasize an investigative approach.
Laboratories emphasize application of bioseparations of commercial importance.
Laboratories emphasize application of the most current techniques.
Laboratories emphasize bacterial culturing and identification procedures.
Laboratories emphasize basic and clinical techniques of DNA-based diagnostic methods.
Laboratories emphasize basic concepts and evaluation of results of tests discussed in lecture.
Laboratories emphasize binocular and petrographic analysis of recent and ancient carbonates.
Laboratories emphasize collection, identification and culturing techniques.
Laboratories emphasize cytology, metabolism and identification of bacteria.
Laboratories emphasize experimental design and data analysis.
Laboratories emphasize fish collection, sample processing, and research planning.
Laboratories emphasize general principles of chemistry.
Laboratories emphasize geographic information systems applications.
Laboratories emphasize identification of flowering plants, conifers, and ferns.
Laboratories emphasize live plants native to the Pacific Northwest.
Laboratories emphasize living animals.
Laboratories emphasize powder diffraction techniques.
Laboratories emphasize scientific method and collaborative learning.
Laboratories emphasize scientific method, microscopy, and biochemical analysis.
Laboratories emphasize species endemic to the central coast of California.
Laboratories emphasize the application of the most current techniques.
Laboratories emphasize the diversity, structure, and phylogeny of fossil non-mammalian vertebrates.
Laboratories emphasize the scientific method as a way of knowing.
Laboratories emphasize vegetation sampling techniques and data analysis.
Laboratories employ a variety of schemes to describe and quantitate the degree of anisocytosis.
Laboratories employ use of microscope slides, models and electron micrographs.
Laboratories employ use of models and cadaver dissection.
Laboratories equipped with modern testing facilities are one of the strengths of the group.
Laboratories equipped with personal computers are available for student's use.
Laboratories exist for clastic sedimentology as well as student research.
Laboratories feature extensive use of departmental collections, with an emphasis on Alberta species.
Laboratories focus on fish culture and include growth trials.
Laboratories focus on how behavioural data are collected and interpreted.
Laboratories focus on observational techniques and data reduction.
Laboratories focus on quantitative measurement of physiological parameters.
Laboratories focus on tactical and team building skills.
Laboratories focus on techniques of observation, experimental design and data analysis.
Laboratories focus on techniques of observation, experimental design, and data analysis.
Laboratories focus on techniques of rock and sediment analysis.
Laboratories focus on textures, mineralogy, composition and field relationships.
Laboratories focus on the biology and taxonomy of the major invertebrate phyla.
Laboratories focus on using the computer as an experimental tool.
Laboratories follow establish protocols.
Laboratories follow guidelines.
Laboratories follow protocols.
Laboratories form the core of the course.
Laboratories generally report results of analyses as a single number.
Laboratories have (part) bases.
Laboratories have (part) ceilings.
Laboratories have (part) floors.
Laboratories have (part) lab benches.
Laboratories have (part) laboratory benches.
Laboratories have (part) locker rooms.
Laboratories have (part) lockers.
Laboratories have (part) room light.
Laboratories have (part) sections.
Laboratories have (part) tabletops.
Laboratories have (part) tableware.
Laboratories have (part) walls.
Laboratories have a crucial role to play.
Laboratories have additional software packages that are specific to the courses they serve.
Laboratories have approximately six weeks after receipt of samples to submit results.
Laboratories have areas.
Laboratories have capability.
Laboratories have chemical eye wash stations to do the same thing.
Laboratories have effects.
Laboratories have extensive equipment for specimen preparation and testing.
Laboratories have general ventilation.
Laboratories have good general ventilation.
Laboratories have good ventilation.
Laboratories have separate reporting requirements.
Laboratories have up to date equipment and studios are large and light filled.
Laboratories have ventilation.
Laboratories help students develop techniques and methodologies for experimentation and modeling.
Laboratories illustrate concepts examined in lectures.
Laboratories illustrate principles studied.
Laboratories introduce advanced forms of respiratory, cardiovascular, and muscular assessment.
Laboratories introduce contemporary methods for studying animal function.
Laboratories introduce field techniques.
Laboratories introduce methods of investigation and analysis of the geological record.
Laboratories investigate mapped data on species distributions.
Laboratories involve a mix of skills-oriented exercises and assignments focused on topics.
Laboratories involve an individual project.
Laboratories involve both simulations and hardware.
Laboratories involve dissection of a cat, rat and chicken.
Laboratories involve dissection of representative groups and demonstrations.
Laboratories involve dissection of the human cadaver, with emphasis on the musculoskeletal system.
Laboratories involve examinations of various aspects of wetland ecology.
Laboratories involve experiments, computer applications, field trips, and guest lectures.
Laboratories involve field trips and map interpretation, and computer modeling.
Laboratories involve hands-on experiments and group activities.
Laboratories involve hybridization, anther culture, embryo culture, and cytogenetics.
Laboratories involve learning activities centered on case studies.
Laboratories involve observational and evaluative field trips to nature reserves.
Laboratories involve the design, construction, and programming of microcontroller-based projects.
Laboratories involve the dissection of the organ systems of three representative vertebrate animals.
Laboratories involve the identification of native fishes, amphibians, reptiles, and mammals.
Laboratories involve theory and practice in livestock management, skills, and techniques.
Laboratories involve work with a large macroeconomic model.
Laboratories is many things to many people.
Laboratories lives here too.
Laboratories located in California are shaded.
Laboratories makes first U.S. public demonstration of color television, in New York.
Laboratories measure the volume of breads by rapeseed displacement.
Laboratories meet three times a week for three hours each day.
Laboratories meet twice a week for the first half of the term.
Laboratories meet twice a week for the second half of the term.
Laboratories normally use chromatography to detect traces of explosives.
Laboratories offer tests.
Laboratories parallel the lectures, include students as test subjects, and a few animal experiments.
Laboratories participate to assess and improve their analytical skills.
Laboratories perform analyses.
Laboratories perform genetic tests.
Laboratories perform tests.
Laboratories performing only waived tests are subject to minimal regulation.
Laboratories permit careful analysis of the wine during each stage of development.
Laboratories possess mice.
Laboratories primarily deal with the classification of significant invertebrate fossil groups.
Laboratories provide all the instrumentation required for modern research in biological sciences.
Laboratories provide ample opportunity to apply classroom theory and specialized skills.
Laboratories provide an opportunity for the practical application of academic concepts.
Laboratories provide cytology and pathology services.
Laboratories provide directions and special containers for use in sampling for various tests.
Laboratories provide experience in crop production.
Laboratories provide experience in practical aspects of ophthalmic dispensing.
Laboratories provide experience working with each species.
Laboratories provide exposure to instrumentation and techniques used in physiological research.
Laboratories provide facilities for a wide range of studies.
Laboratories provide hours of small class instruction with experienced instructors.
Laboratories provide lists.
Laboratories provide radiocarbon dating, dendrochronology and pollen analysis.
Laboratories provide results.
Laboratories provide supplemental handouts with basic information for commonly-used software.
Laboratories provide the opportunity to dissect human specimens.
Laboratories provide the technology.
Laboratories provide training in drill, weapons safety and land navigation.
Laboratories Provides water for reagent make-up and glassware rinsing.
Laboratories range from classical mapping in fruit flies to DNA fingerprinting.
Laboratories range from one to four periods, depending upon the architecture of the course.
Laboratories receive samples.
Laboratories report expect results.
Laboratories report nitrate content of feed and water in different forms.
Laboratories report results.
Laboratories report test results.
Laboratories require physical access to a facility.
Laboratories respond differently to the same clinical request.
Laboratories review basic neuroanatomy and pathology.
Laboratories share common equipment rooms, forming a research cluster.
Laboratories stress concepts and research procedures.
Laboratories stress observation of plants in their natural habitats.
Laboratories study physiological systems and include open-ended student investigation.
Laboratories supplement classroom instruction .
Laboratories supplement many lectures.
Laboratories supplement most lectures.
Laboratories test samples.
Laboratories test single specimens.
Laboratories test specimens.
Laboratories typically process about half a quart or half a liter of soil.
Laboratories use appropriate procedures.
Laboratories use assistance.
Laboratories use different detection criteria, cutoff points, types of measurements and reagents.
Laboratories use different detection criteria, cutoff points, types of measurements, and reagents.
Laboratories use different detection criteria, cut-off points, types of measurements, and reagents.
Laboratories use different measurements.
Laboratories use different procedures and chemicals for extracting plant nutrients.
Laboratories use different terms to describe colors based on their own systems and parameters.
Laboratories use elementary and advanced graphics terminals and microcomputers.
Laboratories use measurements.
Laboratories use methods.
Laboratories use our products as valuable tools for quality assurance programs.
Laboratories use procedures.
Laboratories use standardize methods.
Laboratories use standardize test methods.
Laboratories use supplemental tests.
Laboratories use test methods.
Laboratories use tests.
Laboratories use the steam at lab stations, autoclaves and other appliances.
Laboratories use various cesium compounds for their ability to hydrogenate organic compounds.
Laboratories use various strategies to promote school improvement and reforms.
Laboratories work with mice.
Laboratory accompanies course.
Laboratory accompanies lectures.
Laboratory adds bladder cancer test.
Laboratory allows direct observation of physiological regulation in living animals.
Laboratory analyses for bacteria, turbidity and total suspended solids.
Laboratory analyses for organic and metal contaminants also continue on schedule.
Laboratory analyses including toxicology tests in agricultural aviation.
Laboratory analyses of extremely small particles .
Laboratory analyses of traditional food resources are a central part of the research program.
Laboratory applies methodologies to analysis of specific sites.
Laboratory applies scientific methods to the study of living systems.
Laboratory applies theory to field problems.
Laboratory assays for use in dogwood anthracnose.
Laboratory based practical work underpins the theory learned in lectures and tutorials.
Laboratory compares vegetative and reproductive characters of major families.
Laboratory concentrates on experimental approaches to ecology.
Laboratory concentrates on field study of concepts.
Laboratory conducts research on the ecology, economics, conservation, and management of salmon.
Laboratory considers operation, analysis and performance of motors and generators.
Laboratory considers operation, analysis, and performance of large and small motors and generators.
Laboratory considers the behavior of energy-conversion materials and processes.
Laboratory consists of case studies and student presentations.
Laboratory consists of demonstrations, films, and field trips.
Laboratory consists of directed observation and participation with preschool-aged children.
Laboratory consists of identification of common rocks and minerals.
Laboratory consists of observations with telescopes and of experiments pertinent to the field.
Laboratory consists of one three-hour session each week.
Laboratory consists of pest and pest damage identification supported by field trips.
Laboratory consists of physiological experiments designed to test student-developed hypotheses.
Laboratory consists of programming and troubleshooting a microprocessor circuit.
Laboratory consists of projects involving design analysis and testing.
Laboratory consists of research projects examining current physiological questions and techniques.
Laboratory consists of studies in gross and microscopic pathology.
Laboratory consists of studies of gross and microscopic pathology.
Laboratory consists of the study of igneous and metamorphic rocks in thin section.
Laboratory consumables specific to the research project.
Laboratory Containerised laboratory fits - to trawl deck.
Laboratory correlates with lecture material and emphasizes methods of qualitative organic analysis.
Laboratory correlates with lecture topics.
Laboratory covers analysis of physical, chemical, and biological properties of water.
Laboratory covers techniques as well as study of typical reactions.
Laboratory covers techniques of separation, purification, analysis, and organic synthesis.
Laboratory covers unconsolidated sediment, hand specimen, and field techniques.
Laboratory covers unconsolidated sediment, hand specimens, and field techniques.
Laboratory covers use of statistical packages on mainframe and microcomputers.
Laboratory covers use of statistical packages.
Laboratory deals with procedures used for isolation and identification of pathogenic agents.
Laboratory deals with the synthesis and characterization of inorganic compounds.
Laboratory demonstrates application of spectroscopic theory to actual molecular spectra.
Laboratory demonstrates basic tools of insect physiology through original and classical experiments.
Laboratory Describes the research center's efforts to develop robotic systems for use by astronauts.
Laboratory develops skill in implementing methodology.
Laboratory emphasizes a number of classical experiments with clinical application.
Laboratory emphasizes a qualitative analysis approach.
Laboratory emphasizes advanced techniques of DNA analysis inlcuding gene cloning and sequencing.
Laboratory emphasizes aerial photo and topographic map interpretation.
Laboratory emphasizes an experimental approach.
Laboratory emphasizes analytical techniques.
Laboratory emphasizes anatomy and identification of Minnesota fishes.
Laboratory emphasizes application of processes in various organisms.
Laboratory emphasizes aseptic technique and medical applications.
Laboratory emphasizes atomic and nuclear physics.
Laboratory emphasizes basic skills and sterile techniques.
Laboratory emphasizes biometrical analysis of experiments using plants and animals.
Laboratory emphasizes both qualitative and quantitative field investigations.
Laboratory emphasizes chemical analysis of groundwater and computer modeling.
Laboratory emphasizes chemical analysis of waters and computer modeling.
Laboratory emphasizes classical approaches to solving biochemical problems.
Laboratory emphasizes classification and morphology.
Laboratory emphasizes comparative study of vertebrate organ systems.
Laboratory emphasizes computer aided digital spectral analysis and filter design.
Laboratory emphasizes computer-based signal processing.
Laboratory emphasizes contemporary techniques of immunology and immunochemistry.
Laboratory emphasizes control logic and electro- mechanical devices.
Laboratory emphasizes control logic and electro-mechanical devices.
Laboratory emphasizes correlation problem from geologic maps and subsurface data.
Laboratory emphasizes creative component.
Laboratory emphasizes current antibody methodology.
Laboratory emphasizes diagnostic procedures.
Laboratory emphasizes environmental modeling and simulation.
Laboratory emphasizes error calculations for objective evaluation of data.
Laboratory emphasizes experimental approaches to answering ecological questions.
Laboratory emphasizes experiments in spectroscopy and kinetics, utilizing modern instrumentation.
Laboratory emphasizes field and computer methods.
Laboratory emphasizes field and lab skills, interpretive and analytical.
Laboratory emphasizes field investigation of watershed-scale processes.
Laboratory emphasizes field investigations of watershed-scale processes.
Laboratory emphasizes field studies and identification.
Laboratory emphasizes field studies, dissections and studies of live organisms.
Laboratory emphasizes field work and independent projects.
Laboratory emphasizes field work.
Laboratory emphasizes fossil identification.
Laboratory emphasizes fundamental techniques in culturing, studying and identifying microorganisms.
Laboratory emphasizes geometric techniques of structural analysis.
Laboratory emphasizes hand specimen analysis and preparation of geologic maps.
Laboratory emphasizes hands-on approach to disease, pest and weed control procedures.
Laboratory emphasizes hands-on study and experimentation with living invertebrates.
Laboratory emphasizes hand-specimen identification of minerals.
Laboratory emphasizes identification and environmental testing.
Laboratory emphasizes identification of pests and beneficials of agriculture and urban situations.
Laboratory emphasizes identification, classification and determinative methods.
Laboratory emphasizes instrumental techniques.
Laboratory emphasizes manipulative skills and field trips.
Laboratory emphasizes measurement and analysis of subcellular features.
Laboratory emphasizes methodology for determining nutritional status and fitness.
Laboratory emphasizes microscopic studies.
Laboratory emphasizes modern biochemical techniques.
Laboratory emphasizes optical, x-ray, and hand specimen characterization of minerals.
Laboratory emphasizes optics and electronics.
Laboratory emphasizes practical experience in preparation of microscope slides.
Laboratory emphasizes practical techniques in stratigraphy.
Laboratory emphasizes practical use of structural analysis and includes a one weekend field trip.
Laboratory emphasizes protein purification and characterization.
Laboratory emphasizes qualitative analysis, quantitative measurements, and syntheses.
Laboratory emphasizes quantitative analysis of various environmental parameters.
Laboratory emphasizes quantitative analysis.
Laboratory emphasizes quantitative techniques.
Laboratory emphasizes recognition and interpretation of landforms on maps and aerial photos.
Laboratory emphasizes representative dissections.
Laboratory emphasizes research methods, including instruments and techniques used in studying cells.
Laboratory emphasizes rocks, minerals, and plate tectonics.
Laboratory emphasizes separation and analysis of cell constituents.
Laboratory emphasizes soil-plant relationships.
Laboratory emphasizes spectroscopic and separation techniques and modern synthetic methods.
Laboratory emphasizes standard microbiological procedures.
Laboratory emphasizes sterile culture techniques and current technology.
Laboratory emphasizes sterile culture techniques and identification of unknown cultures.
Laboratory emphasizes synthesis and functional group reactions.
Laboratory emphasizes techniques for quantitative measurement and modeling of epidemics.
Laboratory emphasizes techniques found in research and development of materials.
Laboratory emphasizes techniques used in studying bacterial plant pathogens.
Laboratory emphasizes techniques utilized in measurement and control of environmental pollution.
Laboratory emphasizes the analysis, interpretation and presentation of taxonomic data.
Laboratory emphasizes the development of problem-solving skills.
Laboratory emphasizes the physical identification of minerals in hand samples.
Laboratory emphasizes the physiology of invertebrates and vertebrates.
Laboratory emphasizes the recognition of Texas vertebrates.
Laboratory emphasizes the study of economic minerals from metallic deposits.
Laboratory emphasizes the study of metabolic processes.
Laboratory emphasizes the techniques of modern molecular biology.
Laboratory emphasizes the uncertainty analysis and practical applications of analytical chemistry.
Laboratory emphasizes the use of oceanographic data.
Laboratory emphasizes variety of taxa over types.
Laboratory emphasizes whole-organism approach.
Laboratory employs current methods and instrumentation of experimental physiology.
Laboratory examines a variety of light sources, with increasing resolution.
Laboratory examines neuroanatomy, neurophysiology, and neurosurgical techniques.
Laboratory exercises .
Laboratory exercises accompany lectures and dissection of representative vertebrates.
Laboratory exercises accompany lectures.
Laboratory exercises acquaint the student with representatives of the major fossil groups.
Laboratory exercises and conferences illustrate concepts introduced in the lectures.
Laboratory exercises and extensive field work.
Laboratory exercises and one special assignment.
Laboratory exercises applying horticultural techniques to growing plants.
Laboratory exercises as part of the experimental based research project.
Laboratory exercises at a sophisticated level form an integral component of the course.
Laboratory exercises both in phonetic transcription and in the acoustic analysis of speech sounds.
Laboratory exercises change to reflect the more recent advances in the field.
Laboratory exercises combine animal surgery, biochemical techniques, and electronic instrumentation.
Laboratory exercises complement and supplement lecture topics.
Laboratory exercises complement lectures and are an essential part of the course.
Laboratory exercises complement the health physics principles covered in lectures.
Laboratory exercises complement theory covered in lecture.
Laboratory exercises concerning the taxonomy, morphology and ecology of fungi.
Laboratory exercises consist of microscopic and gross examination of plants.
Laboratory exercises consist of simulation and physical measurements.
Laboratory exercises consist of simulation work as well as physical measurements.
Laboratory exercises consist of techniques in clinical and research immunology.
Laboratory exercises cover assessment, and management strategies for a facility.
Laboratory exercises cover topics discussed and include field work to conduct gravity measurements.
Laboratory exercises dealing with fossils, sedimentary rocks, etc.
Laboratory exercises dealing with minerals and rocks, topographic maps, etc.
Laboratory exercises dealing with the techniques of lithography as a fine print medium.
Laboratory exercises demonstrating major features of animal biology and major phyla of animals.
Laboratory exercises demonstrating methods of isolating and identifying pathogenic microorganisms.
Laboratory exercises demonstrating principles of biology.
Laboratory exercises elucidating scientific concepts and principles.
Laboratory exercises emphasize culture techniques and identification of bacteria.
Laboratory exercises emphasize materials to be used with high school students.
Laboratory exercises emphasize methods for the study of parasites of wild hosts.
Laboratory exercises emphasize principles of circuit design and analysis.
Laboratory exercises emphasize technique and skill development.
Laboratory exercises emphasizing concepts and methods of science.
Laboratory exercises emphasizing concepts in cell, molecular, and developmental biology.
Laboratory exercises encourage audio and video exploration of new forms and techniques.
Laboratory exercises explore computer applications to modern research in molecular genetics.
Laboratory exercises explore structure-function relationships in plants.
Laboratory exercises focus on basic biological principles and microscope techniques.
Laboratory exercises focus on habitat recognition and identification of local fauna.
Laboratory exercises focus on hand sample and thin section identification and interpretation.
Laboratory exercises focus on synthetic techniques and structure elucidation of complex unknowns.
Laboratory exercises focus on the human and representative species of vertebrates.
Laboratory exercises focus on the use of word processing, spreadsheet, and database packages.
Laboratory exercises focus on understanding the procedures.
Laboratory exercises focus on water and wastewater analysis.
Laboratory exercises for From Molecules to Humankind.
Laboratory exercises for hands-on motion and control implementation.
Laboratory exercises help to familiarize students with basic astronomical concepts.
Laboratory exercises illustrate concepts in the topic-specific chapters.
Laboratory exercises illustrate lecture concepts and provide background for discussion.
Laboratory exercises illustrate lecture material and provide experience in metallography.
Laboratory exercises illustrate lecture material.
Laboratory exercises illustrate lecture topics and includes field work various magnetometers.
Laboratory exercises illustrating concepts of archaeology.
Laboratory exercises illustrating concepts of human osteology.
Laboratory exercises illustrating concepts of physical anthropology.
Laboratory exercises illustrating plant structure, physiology, genetics, and ecology.
Laboratory exercises illustrating principles and practices of physiology.
Laboratory exercises illustrating principles of physiology.
Laboratory exercises illustrating professional practices and procedures in contemporary museum work.
Laboratory exercises illustrating the anatomy and physiology of the human.
Laboratory exercises illustrating topics in lecture.
Laboratory exercises in application of surgical principles for access procedures.
Laboratory exercises in applications and design of rotating machines.
Laboratory exercises in basic logic circuits.
Laboratory exercises in basic physics.
Laboratory exercises in cell biology.
Laboratory exercises in characterization of fiber properties.
Laboratory exercises in chemical and environmental engineering.
Laboratory exercises in chemical engineering.
Laboratory exercises in computer interfacing applications and design.
Laboratory exercises in data structures and applications.
Laboratory exercises in developmental biology.
Laboratory exercises in diagnostic bacteriology, basic virology, and epidemiology.
Laboratory exercises in dietetics and nutrition.
Laboratory exercises in ecology.
Laboratory exercises in environmental aspects of the geosciences.
Laboratory exercises in environmental engineering.
Laboratory exercises in environmental geology.
Laboratory exercises in experimental mammalian physiology.
Laboratory exercises in industrial and educational robot operation and applications.
Laboratory exercises in information retrieval.
Laboratory exercises in log interpretation.
Laboratory exercises in log reading and interpretation.
Laboratory exercises in manipulations and preparations.
Laboratory exercises in microbial physiology.
Laboratory exercises in microcomputer development systems and applications.
Laboratory exercises in observation and data analysis.
Laboratory exercises in organic and biological chemistry.
Laboratory exercises in organic preparation and reactions of compounds studied in class.
Laboratory exercises in paleobotany and vertebrate paleontology .
Laboratory exercises in plant physiology.
Laboratory exercises in practical field problems.
Laboratory exercises in principles and practices of construction methods and materials.
Laboratory exercises in programming microcomputers.
Laboratory exercises in science as a progress of investigation.
Laboratory exercises in technical applications of the micro computer.
Laboratory exercises in techniques of structural interpretation.
Laboratory exercises in the design, fabrication and use of the edgewise appliance system.
Laboratory exercises in the development of color and texture.
Laboratory exercises in the use of measuring instruments.
Laboratory exercises in the use of non-destructive equipment.
Laboratory exercises in the various classical techniques enhance and reinforce lecture material.
Laboratory exercises in using a select object-oriented programming language.
Laboratory exercises in vertebrate physiology.
Laboratory exercises in which students demonstrate a working knowledge of concepts and processes.
Laboratory exercises including synthesis, product purification and characterization.
Laboratory exercises involving application of principles and methods of research in psychology.
Laboratory exercises involving linear and angular measurements, open and closed traverses.
Laboratory exercises involving simple electromagnetic and optical systems.
Laboratory exercises involving simple mechanical systems.
Laboratory exercises involving the electron and the nucleus.
Laboratory exercises involving the materials science of art and archaeological objects.
Laboratory exercises on applied system development.
Laboratory exercises on aqueous extraction of metals from ores and concentrates.
Laboratory exercises on gates, sequential elements and counters, and completion of a project.
Laboratory exercises on manufacturing and tests.
Laboratory exercises on mechatronic systems.
Laboratory exercises on robotic systems.
Laboratory exercises on the biology of aquatic populations, communities and ecosystems.
Laboratory exercises on the biology of aquatic populations, communities, and ecosystems.
Laboratory exercises on the interpretation of seismograms.
Laboratory exercises on the structure, nutrition and growth of prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells.
Laboratory exercises parallel many of the lecture topics with emphasis on a vertebrate dissection.
Laboratory exercises provide hands-on experience in geological materials and techniques.
Laboratory exercises provide hands-on experience.
Laboratory exercises related to methods in environmental research.
Laboratory exercises related to plant virology.
Laboratory exercises related to the study of plant fungal diseases.
Laboratory exercises stress experimental design and data analysis.
Laboratory exercises stress instrumentation usage and data analysis.
Laboratory exercises stress lifestyle changes and an opportunity to set and achieve personal goals.
Laboratory exercises stress mathematical and graphical methods of analysis of hydrologic data.
Laboratory exercises stress measurement techniques and use of equipment.
Laboratory exercises stress safety.
Laboratory exercises stress the use and interpretation of maps and other graphic materials.
Laboratory exercises stressing comprehension and pronunciation.
Laboratory exercises supplement class work.
Laboratory exercises supplement classroom work.
Laboratory exercises supplement lecture material.
Laboratory exercises supplement lecture topics.
Laboratory exercises supplement lectures.
Laboratory exercises support lecture topics.
Laboratory exercises support the theoretical discussions.
Laboratory exercises teach dissection and electrophysiological recording techniques.
Laboratory exercises that illustrate geology principles.
Laboratory exercises that illustrate physics and chemistry principles.
Laboratory exercises that simulate modern astronomical techniques.
Laboratory exercises that utilize techniques which elucidate antigen-antibody reactions.
Laboratory exercises to further communicative competence.
Laboratory exercises to illustrate the relationship of structure of mammalian anatomy.
Laboratory exercises to introduce techniques of evaluating human performance.
Laboratory exercises use human materials.
Laboratory exercises using a range of online systems and search engine.
Laboratory exercises using conventional and non-conventional machine tools.
Laboratory exercises using hardware and software technology as it relates to computer networking.
Laboratory exercises using matrix based computational environments required.
Laboratory exercises using microscopes supplement the classroom presentations.
Laboratory exercises using software packages available at computer center.
Laboratory exercises using traditional and modern physiological techniques.
Laboratory exercises using up-to date equipment are an integral part of the program.
Laboratory exercises w ill be due during lab period the following week.
Laboratory exercises with exotic species occur as the opportunities exist.
Laboratory Exercises with photomicrographs.
Laboratory exercises with stratigraphic interpretations from reflection data.
Laboratory exercises with zoosporic fungi.
Laboratory exercises, experiments and reports.
Laboratory exercises, individual diagnosis and correction of pronunciation, remediation techniques.
Laboratory exercises, one mid-term and a final.
Laboratory exercises, oral reports, group and individual work.
Laboratory exercises, problems, and written reports are an integral part of the course.
Laboratory exercises, research projects and techniques.
Laboratory exercises, sample and thin section identification and analysis, field projects.
Laboratory exercises, simple readings, short compositions, conversational drills.
Laboratory exercises, such as laminating, filament winding, pultrusion and compression molding.
Laboratory exercises, tapes, cassettes and videos.
Laboratory exercises, videos, and demonstrations.
Laboratory exercises, workshops, and individual projects in cell biology.
Laboratory exercises, workshops, and individual projects in molecular biology.
Laboratory expands upon ideas developed in class.
Laboratory facilitates hands-on use of electrical monitoring equipment.
Laboratory features basic recombinant DNA techniques.
Laboratory features computer hardware.
Laboratory features local field trips and data gathering in the field and laboratory.
Laboratory features multiweek investigations on selected topics in each area.
Laboratory focuses on application of theory to actual field and laboratory research problems.
Laboratory focuses on cultivation, identifica-tion, and control of growth of bacteria.
Laboratory focuses on cultivation, identification, and control of growth of bacteria.
Laboratory focuses on current techniques in cell and molecular biology.
Laboratory focuses on development of basic macro and micro techniques common to organic chemistry.
Laboratory focuses on dissection of representatives from different vertebrate classes.
Laboratory focuses on experimentation and data analysis.
Laboratory focuses on experimentation, data analysis and an introduction to diversity.
Laboratory focuses on field observation and field measurement techniques.
Laboratory focuses on giving care to complex and multiple patients.
Laboratory focuses on glacial processes.
Laboratory focuses on identification and biochemical activities of pathogenic fungi.
Laboratory focuses on identification and classification, and on techniques.
Laboratory focuses on identification and environmental testing.
Laboratory focuses on insect identification.
Laboratory focuses on isolation, culture, and identification of common pathogenic microorganisms.
Laboratory focuses on living specimens from the diverse Hawaiian tropical fauna.
Laboratory focuses on methods used to study microorganisms and fundamentals of experimental design.
Laboratory focuses on open ended student projects.
Laboratory focuses on plant tissue culture and applications to biotechnology.
Laboratory focuses on synthesis and characterization of organometallic and coordination compounds.
Laboratory focuses on the study of prepared slides of normal vertebrate tissue.
Laboratory focuses on trace analyses of samples having practical significance.
Laboratory follows experimental approach using live animal preparations.
Laboratory fume hood interiors are transite.
Laboratory generates material in a DNA washing process.
Laboratory gives practical experience.
Laboratory grown material is available.
Laboratory has at least two exits.
Laboratory has emphasis on quantitative chemical analysis.
Laboratory has tanks and aquariums, which house fish and mammals from the sea.
Laboratory has unique experience in anthropometric data collection.
Laboratory heralds agricultural revolution.
Laboratory illustrates a number of quantitative classical and instrumental methods.
Laboratory illustrates anatomical features in lower and higher vertebrates.
Laboratory illustrates chemical principles as applied to wine making.
Laboratory illustrates selected physiological principles and encourages scientific inquiry.
Laboratory includes a field investigation.
Laboratory includes a field trip within Virginia.
Laboratory includes a four-day field trip.
Laboratory includes a six-week project on a topic proposed by the instructor.
Laboratory includes a special problem of the student's choice.
Laboratory includes a study of structure, and systematics.
Laboratory includes a study of the constellations and some telescopic observations.
Laboratory includes a survey of Ontario mammals.
Laboratory includes a survey of the major insect groups.
Laboratory includes a wide variety of modern molecular biology techniques.
Laboratory includes aggregate properties, concrete batching, portland cement concrete strength.
Laboratory includes analysis of maps, aerial photos, and field work.
Laboratory includes analysis of rocks in thin section and an introduction to optical mineralogy.
Laboratory includes analysis of specific chemical species in environmental samples.
Laboratory includes applications to biochemistry.
Laboratory includes basic optical experiments and an independent lab project.
Laboratory includes basic techniques in compound purification, synthesis and identification.
Laboratory includes both experimental and field studies.
Laboratory includes both life science and pedagogy.
Laboratory includes both observational and experimental studies.
Laboratory includes both physical science and pedagogy.
Laboratory includes both synthesis and physical methods.
Laboratory includes both synthesis and qualitative organic analysis.
Laboratory includes cat dissec-tion and experiments in muscle physiology and reflexes.
Laboratory includes cat dissection and experiments in muscle physiology and reflexes.
Laboratory includes cat dissection, physiology experiments, and study of developing organisms.
Laboratory includes cat dissection, physiology experi-ments, and study of developing organisms.
Laboratory includes centrifugation, electrophoresis, viscosity measurement and spectroscopy.
Laboratory includes circuit construction, testing and troubleshooting of DC circuits.
Laboratory includes circuits using the devices.
Laboratory includes classroom and field identification of communities and plant species.
Laboratory includes collecting techniques, identification and habitat comparisons.
Laboratory includes collection and identification techniques, and habitat comparisons.
Laboratory includes collection and identification.
Laboratory includes computer applications related to food technology.
Laboratory includes computer simulations, fieldwork and a research project.
Laboratory includes computer-aided heat balance and parametric analysis of plant performance.
Laboratory includes cultivation, identification and control of selected microorganisms.
Laboratory includes culture techniques and identification of microorganisms.
Laboratory includes culturing, identification, isolation from environment, and experimentation.
Laboratory includes current procedures used in the diagnostic laboratory.
Laboratory includes data analysis on the computer.
Laboratory includes data collection, group discussion and clinical application of knowledge.
Laboratory includes demonstrations and discussions.
Laboratory includes demonstrations, movies, models, and dissection of animal material.
Laboratory includes description and identification of rocks and mineral resources.
Laboratory includes design of structural members.
Laboratory includes determinative crystallography and systematic determinative mineralogy.
Laboratory includes dissection and study of representative types.
Laboratory includes dissection of a typical vertebrate.
Laboratory includes dissection of the dog, fish and cat.
Laboratory includes dissection of vertebrates and microscopic study of embryological structures.
Laboratory includes dissection, experimentation, and computer simulations.
Laboratory includes dissections of aquatic and terrestrial vertebrates.
Laboratory includes examination and surgical techniques.
Laboratory includes examination of mammalian organs and cadaver.
Laboratory includes examination of rocks and minerals and the interpretation of geological maps.
Laboratory includes exercises in both classical and molecular genetics.
Laboratory includes exercises in observational astronomy.
Laboratory includes experience in a local hospital.
Laboratory includes experience with cell culture.
Laboratory includes experiences in vertebrate dissection.
Laboratory includes experimental physiological studies of selected organisms.
Laboratory includes experimental testing of material properties and heat treatment techniques.
Laboratory includes experiments in kinetics, spectroscopy, and structure analysis.
Laboratory includes experiments, discussion, and written assignments.
Laboratory includes extensive dissection of preserved animals.
Laboratory includes field and lab studies of plant and animal systems.
Laboratory includes field collection and identification, interpretation, and behavioral roles.
Laboratory includes field exercise.
Laboratory includes field observation, sampling and identification of local fauna.
Laboratory includes field observations of free living animals.
Laboratory includes field pumping test and work with physical and computer models.
Laboratory includes field sampling in local waters and field trips.
Laboratory includes field studies and basic lab techniques.
Laboratory includes field trips in the Potsdam area and the use of geological and topographic maps.
Laboratory includes field trips to collect and identify local species.
Laboratory includes field trips to representative areas.
Laboratory includes field trips to the ecosystems studied.
Laboratory includes field trips, dissections, and experimentation.
Laboratory includes field trips, study and interpretation of rocks, minerals, and maps.
Laboratory includes field trips.
Laboratory includes field work.
Laboratory includes fieldwork, identification, and preparatory techniques for taxonomic studies.
Laboratory includes fieldwork.
Laboratory includes fixed sections and observations of live animals.
Laboratory includes geophysical and tectonic analyses and literature research.
Laboratory includes gravimetric, titrimetric, kinetic, potentiometric, and spectroscopic techniques.
Laboratory includes hand specimen and analytical methods of identification.
Laboratory includes hand specimen and optical methods of identification.
Laboratory includes hands on experience with aquifer testing methods, using wells located on campus.
Laboratory includes hands-on experience with aquifer testing methods using wells located on campus.
Laboratory includes hands-on training in the use of the scanning electron microscope.
Laboratory includes hands-on training in the use of the transmission electron microscope.
Laboratory includes histological preparation and the identification of unknown samples.
Laboratory includes histology, gross anatomy, and physiological experiments.
Laboratory includes histotechniques for preparing sections and histochemical staining.
Laboratory includes identification of Missouri species from prepared specimens and field trips.
Laboratory includes identification, experiments, and field studies.
Laboratory includes identification, experiments, and field study.
Laboratory includes identification, field collections and experiments.
Laboratory includes identification, isolation, and culture methods.
Laboratory includes implementation of digital systems using FPGAs.
Laboratory includes independent research project.
Laboratory includes individual study of selected diseases.
Laboratory includes instruction in physical methods of analysis and synthesis or organic compounds.
Laboratory includes instrumental methods of analysis.
Laboratory includes introduction to minerals, rocks, and maps.
Laboratory includes introduction to spectroscopic determinations of organic structures.
Laboratory includes investigation of chemical properties, synthesis, characterization and analysis.
Laboratory includes isolation and characterization of protein and nucleic acids.
Laboratory includes karotyping and an analysis of human DNA sequence variation.
Laboratory includes local field trips, films, and introduction to regional vertebrate fauna.
Laboratory includes local fieldtrips.
Laboratory includes map interpretation, cross-sections, projections, stereonets.
Laboratory includes measurement and analysis of biological systems.
Laboratory includes metallographic sample preparation and evaluation techniques.
Laboratory includes methods for cultivation, isolation and identification of the above.
Laboratory includes microscopic observations, tissue staining and slide preparation.
Laboratory includes microscopy and demonstrations of histological and histochemical methods.
Laboratory includes mineral and rock identification and map interpretation.
Laboratory includes models, some dissections and activities.
Laboratory includes molecular methods of measuring variation.
Laboratory includes morphological observations and individual experimental projects.
Laboratory includes neuroanatomical dissection.
Laboratory includes nutritive evaluation procedures.
Laboratory includes observation and participation in nursery school and kindergarten.
Laboratory includes observations and descriptions, qualification techniques and experimentation.
Laboratory includes observations of the night sky.
Laboratory includes off-campus field trips and outdoor fieldwork assignments.
Laboratory includes operation of machine tools.
Laboratory includes optics, atomic spectra, and observations with simple instruments and telescopes.
Laboratory includes organ and whole animal dissections and measurements of physiological processes.
Laboratory includes organ and whole animals dissections and measurements of physiological processes.
Laboratory includes original experiments.
Laboratory includes performance of experiments, data analysis, and preparation of research reports.
Laboratory includes physiological experiments and emphasizes structure and taxonomy.
Laboratory includes plant tissue culture and some field work.
Laboratory includes plant tours and recognizing defects in finished dairy products.
Laboratory includes practical examples of the methods covered in lecture.
Laboratory includes practical experience with the methodologies of modern genetic engineering.
Laboratory includes preparative and analytical techniques.
Laboratory includes qualitative analysis of cations and some quantitative analysis.
Laboratory includes qualitative analysis procedures.
Laboratory includes qualitative analysis.
Laboratory includes qualitative and quantitative exercises, and syntheses.
Laboratory includes qualitative and quantitative measurements of several analytes.
Laboratory includes qualitative organic analysis.
Laboratory includes quantitative analysis procedures that exemplify lecture topics.
Laboratory includes quantitative and qualitative analysis.
Laboratory includes rocks, topographic and geologic maps, and field trips.
Laboratory includes routine chemical and microbiological analysis of raw and finished products.
Laboratory includes sedimentary rocks, paleontology, structural, and stratigraphic problems.
Laboratory includes selected immunologic techniques.
Laboratory includes ship-board sampling techniques and microscale aquatic toxicology testing.
Laboratory includes some comparative dissections.
Laboratory includes some dissection or prosection of human and nonhuman primates.
Laboratory includes some fieldwork.
Laboratory includes some individual formulation problems.
Laboratory includes standard methods and survey s of taxonomic diversity.
Laboratory includes striking an arc, running beads, pad welding, and fillet welds.
Laboratory includes structure, comparative anatomy and a field study.
Laboratory includes student planned studies and conceptual exercises.
Laboratory includes studies of selected aspects of bacterial metabolism and physiology.
Laboratory includes study of both gross and microscopic structure and function.
Laboratory includes study of cells, tissues, and mammalian organ systems.
Laboratory includes study of crystal morphology and identification of minerals.
Laboratory includes study of earth history as interpreted from rocks, fossils and geologic maps.
Laboratory includes study of frog, chick, and pig development.
Laboratory includes study of geologic maps, earth structures, fossils, and related topics.
Laboratory includes study of human cadavers, small-animal surgery and physiological studies.
Laboratory includes study of live animals.
Laboratory includes study of living invertebrate specimens.
Laboratory includes study of living organisms and identification exercises.
Laboratory includes study of minerals, rocks, topographic maps, and landforms.
Laboratory includes study of the protochordates, lamprey, frog and chick embryos, shark and cat.
Laboratory includes study of vertebrate embryos and adult specimens.
Laboratory includes supervised practice teaching.
Laboratory includes synthesis of organic compounds and applied spectroscopic methods.
Laboratory includes techniques of isolation, identification, and synthesis of organic compounds.
Laboratory includes the collection and interpretation of geophysical data.
Laboratory includes the design and statistical analysis of experiments.
Laboratory includes the dissection of the shark and cat.
Laboratory includes the measurement of physiological parameters under exercise conditions.
Laboratory includes the preparation of lesson plans using keyboard and fretted instruments.
Laboratory includes the study of living fish embryos.
Laboratory includes the study of minerals, rocks, maps, and well cuttings.
Laboratory includes the study of rocks, mineral, and topographic maps.
Laboratory includes the study of sedimentary rocks, fossils, and maps.
Laboratory includes the synthesis and characterization of organic compounds.
Laboratory includes the synthesis and indentification of organic compounds of various classes.
Laboratory includes the synthesis of compounds found in chemical literature.
Laboratory includes the use of hand samples and thin-sections to examine each of the rock groups.
Laboratory includes the use of standard materials and testing apparatus.
Laboratory includes titrimetry, spectrophotometry, and electroanalytical methods.
Laboratory includes typical experiments, measurements, analysis, and report writing.
Laboratory includes typical food analyses.
Laboratory includes use of aids, rocks, and minerals.
Laboratory includes use of equipment, measurement techniques, and effective report writing.
Laboratory includes use of infrared and ultraviolet spectroscopy and gas chromatography.
Laboratory includes use of logic analyzer and development of wave form generator.
Laboratory includes use of metric system, basic chemistry techniques and physiological applications.
Laboratory includes use of radioactive isotopes in growth and respiratory studies and enzyme assays.
Laboratory includes use of standard apparatus for materials testing.
Laboratory includes visits to facilities relating to career opportunities.
Laboratory includes weed identification and herbicide application methods.
Laboratory includes work with fossils and geologic maps.
Laboratory includes writing-intensive activities.
Laboratory introduces basic techniques in chemistry laboratory.
Laboratory introduces computer plotting and quantitative measurements.
Laboratory introduces experimental design and statistics.
Laboratory introduces microscale techniques.
Laboratory introduces students to basic experimental techniques of organic chemistry.
Laboratory introduces students to the analysis of soils.
Laboratory introduces the student to various techniques used in astronomical studies.
Laboratory involves analysis of minerals by various analytical techniques.
Laboratory involves analysis of textural relations in thin section and computer exercises.
Laboratory involves basic experimental techniques in organic chemistry.
Laboratory involves both breeding experiments and molecular biological work.
Laboratory involves chemistry of natural waters, greenhouse effect, and natural resource evaluation.
Laboratory involves chemistry of natural waters, greenhouse effects and natural resource evaluation.
Laboratory involves comparison of sampling methods and evolutionary viewpoint.
Laboratory involves comparison of sampling methods and use of simulation models.
Laboratory involves considerable use of electronic physiological monitoring and computer equipment.
Laboratory involves dissection of representative species.
Laboratory involves dissection of shark, cat, and selected other vertebrates.
Laboratory involves dissection of the shark and the cat.
Laboratory involves exercises designed to experimentally illustrate principles of astronomy.
Laboratory involves experimental work as well as the study of morphology.
Laboratory involves experiments in calorimetry and empirical kinetics.
Laboratory involves extensive field work in identification of birds in various habitats.
Laboratory involves field collecting trips to vertebrate habitats.
Laboratory involves field studies of populations and communities and computer modeling.
Laboratory involves handling and manipulating living embryos of several species.
Laboratory involves hands-on experience in solving diagnostic, pathologic, and forensic problems.
Laboratory involves identification of common rocks and minerals.
Laboratory involves live insects.
Laboratory involves measurement, data collection using the computer.
Laboratory involves measurements with lasers, fiber optics, data transmission, and holography.
Laboratory involves measuring static pressure, head losses, and flow rates.
Laboratory involves microbiological techniques and development of basic laboratory skills.
Laboratory involves microscopic examination of igneous rocks in thin section, computer applications.
Laboratory involves observation and recording of animal behavior.
Laboratory involves petrographic study of crystalline rocks in thin section.
Laboratory involves programming and use of integrated applications software.
Laboratory involves synthesis and physicochemical measurements of selected compounds.
Laboratory involves synthesis and physiochemical measurements of selected compounds.
Laboratory involves synthetic projects of varying length.
Laboratory involves team-based research to address fundamental aspects of cell biology.
Laboratory involves techniques of synthesis and purification.
Laboratory involves techniques used with microorganisms and development of basic laboratory skills.
Laboratory involves the study of function using students as subjects in noninvasive procedures.
Laboratory involves the study of minerals, rocks, maps, and weather instruments.
Laboratory involves the techniques and procedures of inorganic synthesis and analysis.
Laboratory involves the use of molecular biology techniques.
Laboratory involves troubleshooting elements of a microcomputer system.
Laboratory involves use of PC and UNIX workstation image processing.
Laboratory is a combination of field trips, case studies and computer simulations.
Laboratory is a detailed study of mammalian anatomy learned through dissections.
Laboratory is a key part of the course.
Laboratory is a phylogenetic survey of the kingdoms of life.
Laboratory is a required component of the course.
Laboratory is a sensory experience full of interesting surprises and fun.
Laboratory is a separate course.
Laboratory is a separate grade.
Laboratory is a suite with test rooms, work rooms, and graduate offices.
Laboratory is an exciting and essential part of chemistry.
Laboratory is an important supplement to reading and discussion.
Laboratory is an independent project-based experience.
Laboratory is an integral part of any chemistry course.
Laboratory is an integral part of each unit of study.
Laboratory is an integral part of the course.
Laboratory is an integrated part of the course.
Laboratory is an intricate part of most of the clinic services.
Laboratory is availablel which permits each student to perform various procedures.
Laboratory is both quantitative and descriptive and uses computer applications.
Laboratory is concerned with development and testing of software.
Laboratory is devoted to preparation and interpretation of tissue samples.
Laboratory is devoted to various culturing and staining techniques.
Laboratory is emphasized.
Laboratory is equipped with the latest and most advanced applications of technology.
Laboratory is included in class activities.
Laboratory is included.
Laboratory is integrated with lecture topics.
Laboratory is integrated with lecture.
Laboratory is located in Singapore.
Laboratory is mandatory.
Laboratory is now operational.
Laboratory is on simulation based design of micro and nanoscale mixed technology.
Laboratory is operational practice and demonstrations of machine tool, foundry, and welding.
Laboratory is part of the course.
Laboratory is project oriented.
Laboratory is required.
Laboratory is self-paced and independently completed.
Laboratory is to be taken concurrently.
Laboratory is used primarily to provide radiocarbon measurements.
Laboratory is used to evaluate technology-based training programs.
Laboratory is well equipped to meet the challenges that new polymers present.
Laboratory is well-equipped to perform computationally intensive flow modeling.
Laboratory isa workplace.
Laboratory means to implant silica in wood are reviewed.
Laboratory meets every week.
Laboratory meets in one four-hour session.
Laboratory meets once per week for three hours.
Laboratory meets the first week of the class.
Laboratory meets twice each week.
Laboratory normally includes an extended field trip to the coast.
Laboratory normally includes local field trips and an extended field trip to the mountains.
Laboratory offers experiences in pomological practices.
Laboratory offers intensive practical writing exercises.
Laboratory organizes every semester both course related seminars and other seminars.
Laboratory permits a hands-on introduction to the identification, behavior, and ecology of insects.
Laboratory presents methods of biotechnology.
Laboratory presses for testing of sheet materials in drawing, stretching or combined modes.
Laboratory processes creating aerosols.
Laboratory provides a technology development and demonstration site for telerobotics technology.
Laboratory provides application of concepts.
Laboratory provides application of hydraulic systems.
Laboratory provides application of principles.
Laboratory provides demonstrations on models and prosection in small groups.
Laboratory provides experience in culturing, identifying, and studying a variety of microorganisms.
Laboratory provides experience in identification and detection.
Laboratory provides experience in identifying parasites and fungi using morphological criteria.
Laboratory provides experience studying living specimens in an active learning mode.
Laboratory provides experience with actual hardware.
Laboratory provides experience with chemical instrumentation.
Laboratory provides experience with environmental sampling and analysis techniques.
Laboratory provides exposure to a wide variety of experimental techniques.
Laboratory provides hands-on experience.
Laboratory provides individual programs of study geared to the needs and interests of students.
Laboratory Provides information on their program, facilities, and different areas of research.
Laboratory provides opportunities for practical application of leadership skills.
Laboratory provides opportunity to develop beginning skill in use of statistical packages.
Laboratory provides practical experience in application of principles discussed in lecture.
Laboratory provides practical experience in reporting for student newspaper.
Laboratory provides practical experience with plant form and function as well as scientific inquiry.
Laboratory provides practical experience.
Laboratory provides student with practical experience with principles covered in lectures.
Laboratory provides the student with basic techniques.
Laboratory provides training in marksmanship and drill.
Laboratory puts the design process to work in drawing plans for residential design.
Laboratory report All the lab reports due on next laboratory class unless notified differently.
Laboratory reporting for all diseases remains weekly at a minimum.
Laboratory reports available for download in Adobe .pdf format, sorted by report number or locale.
Laboratory reports by individuals or cooperative groups.
Laboratory reports including clinical pathology and necropsy findings.
Laboratory reports on each case study culminate in a paper.
Laboratory reports on the conduct and results of laboratory experiments.
Laboratory reports stress writing to learn.
Laboratory reports, capstone report.
Laboratory reports, drawings, term papers and Honors theses are more complex.
Laboratory reports, in-class and final exams.
Laboratory requires an appointment.
Laboratory requires dissection including mammals.
Laboratory requires night observation.
Laboratory requires night observations.
Laboratory requires the identification of two unknowns in mixed culture.
Laboratory stays organic chemistry.
Laboratory still has an outstanding collection of published secondary source material.
Laboratory stresses classification and the natural history of local vertebrates.
Laboratory stresses computer use for elementary data analysis.
Laboratory stresses fossil relationships and stratigraphic problems.
Laboratory stresses functional morphology, utilizing living and preserved material.
Laboratory stresses genetic variables and manipulation of genetic traits.
Laboratory stresses local fauna.
Laboratory stresses measurements and analyses.
Laboratory stresses physical methods in inorganic chemistry.
Laboratory stresses rock identification and typical rock associations.
Laboratory stresses study of mechanisms and advanced synthetic techniques.
Laboratory stresses techniques and management practices.
Laboratory stresses techniques of cell and molecular biology as well as genetics.
Laboratory stresses techniques relevant to each course subject area.
Laboratory stresses the coordination of megascopic and petrographic studies of rocks.
Laboratory stresses the identification and biology of Colorado species.
Laboratory stresses the identification and ecology of Colorado species.
Laboratory stresses the process of scientific investigation and observation of biological phenomena.
Laboratory supplements the lecture material.
Laboratory syntheses and analyses to illustrate the chemistry of the elements and their compounds.
Laboratory tests e.g. ABGs, CXR, electrolytes, etc.
Laboratory uses an inquiry based approach.
Laboratory uses meters, computer interfaced probes, etc.
Laboratory utilizes computer simulations and invertebrate, and human subjects.
Laboratory utilizes computers to solve simulation problems and perform measurement functions.
Laboratory utilizes living plants, extensive crop garden, and computer simulation.
Laboratory utilizes nucleic acids-based technologies in the diagnosis of human disease.
Laboratory utilizes self-paced learning modules.
Laboratory Welcome to theoretical biophysics laboratory and the world of molecular evolution.
Laboratory work All work is to be kept in notebooks.
Laboratory work chiefly on dogfish, salamander and rabbit.
Laboratory works on electric and hyrogen vehicle projects.
Laboratories usually meet for longer periods.
Laboratories usually test for nitrates one or two days a week.
All laboratories are available to students for both course work and research.
All laboratories are high quality and house modern equipment and instrumentation.
All laboratories are inaccessible unless minor modifications are made.
All laboratories are likely to continue to use proprietary formats as well as common ones.
All laboratories are modern and well-equipped.
All laboratories are spacious, and thoughtfully designed, allowing ample room for several workers.
All laboratories are temperature controlled, and supplied with necessary utilities.
All laboratories count as one half credit.
All laboratories count as one-half credit.
All laboratories follow a uniform seed testing procedure.
All laboratories have a responsibility to provide their data to at least one public database.
All laboratories have access to the university's campus network system and the Internet.
All laboratories have dedicated equipment rooms.
All laboratories have limited enrollment.
All laboratories have testing facilities.
All laboratories meet once a week.
All laboratories provide a quiet, non-distracting atmosphere.
All laboratories provide for individual or small group use of equipment.
All laboratories require written laboratory reports.
All laboratories require written reports and provide opportunities for teamwork.
All laboratories support their respective courses.
All laboratories voluntarily notify all infections as part of an agreed reporting protocol.
All laboratory exercises are computer based.
All laboratory exercises use internet resources as the tools of investigation.
Any laboratory can now readily obtain quality eggs and sperm from corpses donated to science.
Every laboratory has the latest machinery to develop new processes.
Every laboratory is equipped with modern computers and software design tools.
Every laboratory is required to have a properly installed and functional eyewash and safety shower.
Many laboratories also run aliquots of their templates on agarose gels prior to sequencing.
Many laboratories are available to test water quality.
Many laboratories are generally resistant to changes in established procedures.
Many laboratories are in the process of evaluating the urine test prior to offering it widely.
Many laboratories can conduct analyses for most routine water quality parameters.
Many laboratories can use additional eyewash facilities.
Many laboratories do research in particle and high-energy physics.
Many laboratories employ equipment from different vendors.
Many laboratories handle blood and other body fluids capable of transmitting bloodborne diseases.
Many laboratories have collection sites in many different states and locations.
Many laboratories have dust free cabinets for storing their sterile medium and equipment.
Many laboratories lack any accreditation.
Many laboratories lack exhaust hoods, gas lines, and safety devices.
Many laboratories look at patenting as a way to protect research investment.
Many laboratories now report INRs.
Many laboratories now use liquid scintillation counters with the samples being converted to benzene.
Many laboratories offer directed testing specifically for ethnic-specific alleles .
Many laboratories perform simple calibrations in-house.
Many laboratories present a high fire risk caused by the storage of flammable liquids.
Many laboratories provide clean containers with detailed instructions on sample collection.
Many laboratories provide financial assistance for their employees.
Many laboratories recommend a double spin technique to achieve platelet poor plasma.
Many laboratories require manipulations at many different time points.
Many laboratories routinely analyze water samples for a whole array of ionic constituents.
Many laboratories send DNA samples with only their booking-in number on.
Many laboratories supply sampling kits on request.
Many laboratories take short cuts that can produce false results on some samples.
Many laboratories use a scotopic intensity series as well.
Many laboratory strains lose their ability to form biofilms .
Most laboratories also give instructions about further treatment of the engine and the oil.
Most laboratories analyze samples.
Most laboratories analyze soil samples.
Most laboratories apply current molecular techniques.
Most laboratories apply knowledge.
Most laboratories apply molecular techniques.
Most laboratories apply techniques.
Most laboratories are on the lower floors, with the upper floors devoted primarily to classrooms.
Most laboratories are open to non-U.S. nationals.
Most laboratories conduct tests.
Most laboratories currently use tumor tissue embedded in paraffin block.
Most laboratories determine characteristics.
Most laboratories develop methods.
Most laboratories dispose of space for visiting scientists.
Most laboratories do function tests.
Most laboratories do genetic tests.
Most laboratories do tests.
Most laboratories follow establish protocols.
Most laboratories follow guidelines.
Most laboratories follow protocols.
Most laboratories have areas.
Most laboratories have capability.
Most laboratories have effects.
Most laboratories have eye washes and showers.
Most laboratories have general ventilation.
Most laboratories have good general ventilation.
Most laboratories have good ventilation.
Most laboratories have laser printers, and the cost of printing varies.
Most laboratories have regular meetings, which are often open to other members of the institute.
Most laboratories have room for only a limited number of undergraduates at any one time.
Most laboratories have ventilation.
Most laboratories have weekly lab meetings.
Most laboratories mail back the sample results within days or several weeks.
Most laboratories measure specific gravity with a refractometer.
Most laboratories now cahrge for their services.
Most laboratories offer tests.
Most laboratories only have access to in- vitro or to animal technology.
Most laboratories perform analyses.
Most laboratories perform genetic tests.
Most laboratories perform tests.
Most laboratories possess mice.
Most laboratories prefer random urine specimens.
Most laboratories provide lists.
Most laboratories provide results.
Most laboratories receive samples.
Most laboratories report expect results.
Most laboratories report results.
Most laboratories report test results.
Most laboratories test single specimens.
Most laboratories use appropriate procedures.
Most laboratories use assistance.
Most laboratories use different measurements.
Most laboratories use interdisciplinary approaches and innovative computer applications.
Most laboratories use measurements.
Most laboratories use methods.
Most laboratories use mice to study human diseases.
Most laboratories use procedures.
Most laboratories use standardize methods.
Most laboratories use standardize test methods.
Most laboratories use supplemental tests.
Most laboratories use test methods.
Most laboratories use tests.
Most laboratories use the program as it is delivered.
Most laboratories work with mice.
Most laboratory analyses provide information.
Most laboratory analyses provide more information.
Most laboratory exposures to Schistosoma spp.
Some laboratories allow discounted service for special groups or for high volume users.
Some laboratories also notify the parents.
Some laboratories analyze composites.
Some laboratories are unsafe for conducting chemical research.
Some laboratories are very good and some laboratories are less good.
Some laboratories average several responses.
Some laboratories buy labels that are already printed.
Some laboratories conduct treatments.
Some laboratories express all elements as parts per million.
Some laboratories focus on distribution.
Some laboratories have an eyewash mounted at a sink.
Some laboratories have correct techniques.
Some laboratories have definition.
Some laboratories have fungi.
Some laboratories have techniques.
Some laboratories have the patients move their eyes the entire testing period.
Some laboratories have web sites for speaker's bureaus.
Some laboratories love monkeys.
Some laboratories offer both cyst and egg counts, whereas many others only offer egg counts.
Some laboratories offer even lower prices for bulk orders.
Some laboratories offer rapid turnaround, while others offer accurate analysis.
Some laboratories perform surveillance.
Some laboratories produce carrier oil.
Some laboratories produce oil.
Some laboratories provide advice.
Some laboratories provide conditions.
Some laboratories provide extreme conditions.
Some laboratories provide kits through mail order.
Some laboratories provide procedures.
Some laboratories provide tests.
Some laboratories record the light adapted state first and others dark-adapt first.
Some laboratories require good colour vision.
Some laboratories require students.
Some laboratories study fish.
Some laboratories study insects.
Some laboratories study mice.
Some laboratories study wasps.
Some laboratories study worms.
Some laboratories submit that they can measure lower levels of proteins.
Some laboratories support theories.
Some laboratories use approaches.
Some laboratories use computer-aided equipment.
Some laboratories use data networks, tailored to the needs and resources of the respective facility.
Some laboratories use different approaches.
Some laboratories use different model approaches.
Some laboratories use equipment.
Some laboratories use model approaches.
Some laboratories use needle for many biopsies to minimize trauma.
Some laboratories use only white flashes and others include colored flashes.
Some laboratories use references.
Some laboratories use sophisticate equipment.
Some laboratories usr glucose as a standard while others prefer to use white bread.
Some laboratories utilize preprinted forms only for recording test data.
Some laboratories work with chimpanzees.
Some laboratories work with cows.
Some laboratory analyses detect compounds.
Some laboratory analyses indicate pneumonia.
Laboratoty safety is an ongoing topic of discussion during the students' training in the lab.
Labored breathing becomes more pronounced as the disease progresses.
Labored breathing is a sign of illness.
Labored respiration is the most common clinical sign of toxoplasmosis.
A laborer is a workman
Laborers ARE available for work when attending classes.
Laborers are few.
Laborers are free to work where they want, if qualified.
Laborers are more conscientious and more concerned about productivity.
Laborers are more difficult to get.
Laborers are scarce and are paid at the rate of six shillings a day.
Laborers are the lowest paid of all construction workers.
Laborers are welcome to attend.
Laborers are workmans.
Laborers continue progress up to last moments.
Laborers demolish buildings and they build roads.
Laborers do demolition work, knocking down houses or buildings.
Laborers drive the same cars royalty drives elsewhere.
Laborers earn pennies a day under horrible working conditions .
Laborers earn pennies a day under horrible working conditions.
Laborers extract the mineral for export and the villagers use it to salt their food.
Laborers gather in corners across the Valley.
Laborers learn on the job.
Laborers look like employment walkers without hats.
Laborers prepare a thick, smooth plaster for the brown coat.
Laborers receive a daily meal allowance.
Laborers receive a threefold food ration.
Laborers stand next to men in business suits.
Laborers tend to play more then advanced professionals.
Any laborer is a good and fast cut man with Shingle Shear .
Some laborers have job titles that indicate the work they do.
Laborings is births.
Laborious minutes turn, Sympathetically smile at the inconvenience.
Labors history is everyones history.
Labour action continues to trouble the industry, however.
Labour administrations are engines of social change.
Labour administrations are no exception.
Labour charge applies.
Labour circulation varies by agro-ecological zone and general level of development.
Labour Contract can have supplementary conditions which are of interest for both parts.
Labour cost is cheap.
Labour costs are additional.
Labour costs are also comparatively lower than in most developing countries.
Labour costs are also high relative to the other newly emerging economies in Asia.
Labour costs are competitive.
Labour costs are down.
Labour costs are high at their Taiwan plants, but quality control is better.
Labour costs are high for most crops because of labour-intensive harvesting methods.
Labour costs are higher in Europe.
Labour costs are low in developing countries because productivity is low.
Labour costs are low, for supply in a country with rising standards of living.
Labour costs are quite high and so is the cost of living.
Labour costs are relatively high in Denmark - but so is productivity.
Labour costs are significantly lower for chokecherries than for raspberries.
Labour costs are, however, increased on most organic horticultural farms.
Labour costs make it cheaper to get a new one.
Labour courts hear disputes over collective bargaining agreements and working conditions.
Labour education is for workers and delivered by workers.
Labour flexibility is an important component that is a concern of the trade unions.
Labour flexibility is greater here than in the rest of the country.
Labour flexibility is the buzz-word of the moment and supposedly the cure for all economic ills.
Labour flight serves the same purpose.
Labour force needs to be trained according to new demands.
Labour government settles in .
Labour government settles in.
Labour input is high in relation to output.
Labour input is measured in hours.
Labour integration continues to be a prickly issue.
Labour law amendments A wide range of issues are covered in the magazine.
Labour law can be very complex and overwhelming.
Labour law is at a very dynamic stage and is equity based.
Labour laws are foundational to national governance.
Labour laws keep changing and the statutory benefits companies pay vary accordingly.
Labour laws limit all under-aged performers' working days.
Labour laws prohibit employers from retaliating against workers who attempt to unionise.
Labour laws provide for conciliation and arbitration of industrial disputes.
Labour leaders are worried about the slump in party morale and support.
Labour leaders say it was deferred in view of the subsequent national elections last year.
Labour market flows.
Labour market needs can change.
Labour market trends for B.C. and Canada are available via our Regional site.
Labour markets are imperfect giving rise to a wage gap.
Labour migration happens when there is a market that expels and a market that wants.
Labour movements are particularly strong in Austria and have large influence on labour politics.
Labour organisations are very moochy targets for wise guys.
Labour pains are a major damper on the joy of having a baby.
A labour party is a party
Labour parties are labour parties.
Labour parties are now active in the peace movement.
Labour parties are parties.
Labour parties are political parties.
Labour parties are rare but where they exist they have been enduring and influential.
Labour parties exist also in Canada, Ireland and Israel.
Labour policy Eliminate the minimum wage.
Labour policy persists in creating unemployment.
Labour power is consumed by putting the labourer to work in the production of new commodities.
Labour productivity is a measure of the total products produced in a certain period.
Labour productivity is about the same.
Labour productivity is of particular interest.
Labour productivity reflects the level of fish-raising in ricefields.
Labour rates are quite reasonable compared to the larger metropolitan centres.
Labour reforms are fine, but interests of labour also have to be safeguarded.
Labour relations appear at the conclusion of the individual labour contract.
Labour relations are excellent.
Labour relations are good.
Labour relations are more stable than the national average.
Labour relations are no doubt set for a stormy ride in the months ahead.
Labour relations continue to improve.
Labour relations is an element in the success of any economy.
Labour reserve is abundant and competent.
Labour shortage is considered to be one of the main bottlenecks.
Labour standards can also influence the distribution of regular working hours.
Labour strife removes buses at rush hour.
Labour supply is a strictly increasing function of national differences in living standards.
Labour unions are among the most democratically structured organizations.
Labour unions deserve recognition for their role as representatives of employees.
Labour unrest continues to plague Poland.
Labour unrest is few and unheard of.
Labour weekend calls.
Labour appears at first only as agricultural labour , but then asserts itself as labour in general.
Labour are imperfect, but they're less imperfect than the others' .
Labour are soft on crime and they know it.
Labour are still more obsessed with spin doctors than doctors.
Labour are the biggest pre-campaign election favourites in recent history.
Labour becomes labor.
Labour begins to call for rearmament.
Labour believes in public services.
Labour cares more about big business than the workers who build and fund the party.
Labour come into power with a landslide victory.
Labour deserves a second term for other positive reasons too.
Labour deserves better than the events of the past few days.
Labour estimated by the day, is much lower in Scotland than in England.
Labour faces a different issue.
Labour faces the charge that it talks big on spending and fails to deliver.
Labour forms a majority government for the first time.
Labour holds seat.
Labour includes intellectual and artistic effort as well as physical effort.
Labour Increase the rights of workers and the unemployed.
Labour insists that it is making the decision purely on economic grounds.
Labour intends to focus on issues throughout the campaign.
Labour intends to review hours of work.
Labour is a class
Labour is against the killing of badgers and the destruction of their setts . . .
Labour is all about penalising people who do well.
Labour is all human exertion in the production of wealth.
Labour is also concerned about recriminations when the inquest into the debacle starts today.
Labour is also correct that the toughest kind of poverty, namely homelessness, has increased.
Labour is also generally in short supply as the youth and the males migrate to urban areas.
Labour is also keen for a rise in the number of prison places.
Labour is available for night, weekend and holiday work, and other-language skills are available.
Labour is cheap and there are no machines to pay for.
Labour is cheap in Nigeria.
Labour is cheap, flexible and temporary - with no employment or union rights.
Labour is cheap, survival a daily concern and human dignity a foreign concept.
Labour is cheap, taxes are low, and parking is free everywhere.
Labour is divided on the issue.
Labour is dominant in local government in Wales, and it is in power at Westminster.
Labour is either bodily or mental.
Labour is equally important like capital in the development and prosperity of any country.
Labour is expensive and repair work can be time consuming - a substantial investment.
Labour is fortunate to be so untouchable.
Labour is free, residents only pay for materials.
Labour is how babies are delivered into the world.
Labour is in a similar position.
Labour is in the pocket of big business.
Labour is keen to keep the campaign focused on the economy and the public services.
Labour is less keen on such flexibility, preferring all members to subscribe to the same goals.
Labour is likely to promise, for example, a small but significant policy of wealth-redistribution.
Labour is mighty fond of targets.
Labour is more concerned by the deputy mayor position, which is directly created by the mayor.
Labour is mostly family, with a contractor used for silage.
Labour is mostly unskilled.
Labour is neither nature nor culture but their matrix.
Labour is no more than a minor item in the overall cost of the products they make.
Labour is now committed to expanding public expenditure.
Labour is now proud to be the party of big business.
Labour is of course the All Bran.
Labour is one thing a man has had too much of.
Labour is probably better for pensioners.
Labour is ready to shove the fat cats to one side and renationalise a chunk of the railway.
Labour is rewarding work and making work pay better.
Labour is short of lawyers with parliamentary experience.
Labour is so short that our client companies are pleased to get qualified workers.
Labour is so well organised.
Labour is still dependent on the continued strength of the economy.
Labour is strongly opposed to the so-called sport of hunting with hounds . . .
Labour is the only component that 'talks back'.
Labour is to repeat the offer of a free vote for MPs on hunting in the next parliament.
Labour is usually shorter for women who have had previous children.
Labour is usually starts several hours to few days after show.
Labour is vulnerable to Conservative jibes over the increasing tax burden over the last four years.
Labour is willing to work with any group prepared to address the key health issues.
Labour joins a coalition.
Labour knows welfare is an option very few people want to take.
Labour let the people down.
Labour like to say that Britain is booming.
Labour nationalizes the steel industry.
Labour needs to face up to the limitations of the private sector.
Labour needs to respond.
Labour needs to win one seat only to retain control.
Labour never does as well.
Labour now plans to encourage more people to build up private funded pensions.
Labour now preaches the virtues of co-operation with Britain's European partners.
Labour offers the ambulance at the bottom of the proverbial cliff.
Labour opposes the Suez invasion.
Labour performed in pre-state of the art conditions, is devalued.
Labour portray themselves as the defenders of democracy.
Labour poses no such danger.
Labour proposes investment and reform to ensure that waiting lists cease to be a problem.
Labour regards their welfare as a sacred trust. . . .
Labour remains cheap enough in India that keeping one manned, even round the clock, is viable.
Labour remains wisely cautious.
Labour remains, superficially, a dream ally for the Anglican hierarchy.
Labour remembers the bad old days.
Labour s more interested in the millionaires than the millions.
Labour says vouchers and dispersal, Tories say detention camps.
Labour seeks to ban cosmetic testing on animals.
Labour seems to be evolving into a force that is less a political entity than a cultural one.
Labour seems to be taking the millions of voters who care about the environment for granted.
Labour seems to have been punished for general control-freakery.
Labour sees free imports as threatening jobs at home.
Labour spent is measurable by time.
Labour takes about an hour.
Labour takes about half an hour.
Labour takes about one hour.
Labour thus has a long-standing local difficulty.
Labour tries to shift attention to health.
Labour win the election but very narrowly.
Labour wins British elections.
Labour wins Israeli general elections.
All labour appears as paid labour.
All labour implies at the same time differentiation and association.
All labour is light to a lover, nor casn a man better overcome labour than by love.
All labour is productive.
All labour is provided by members and volunteers free of charge.
More labour is needed to look after free-range and barn hens than battery hens.
A labourer is a workman
Labourers are at a premium, farms vacated population is cut in half.
Labourers are people who do menial labour.
Labourers can also use the horses to transport greater quantities of resources.
Labourers deserve their pay.
Labourers request a raise, which management refuses.
Labourers use their hands.
Some labourers work around large pieces of machinery and equipment which can be extremely dangerous.
Labral tears can be very difficult to diagnose.
Labret studs are barbells that have a small thin disc soldered in place of the ball on one end.
L'Abri material is available in English as well as Swedish and all nationalities are welcome.
Labrusca grapes are a descendent of the native eastern wild grape.
Labs reports are due at the beginning of the lab, one week after they are completed.
All labs reports are due at the end of the lab period unless otherwise specified.
Labyrinth brochures are available at the front desk.
All labyrinth fish belong to the anabantids suborder.
Labyrinth pilgrims are free to focus their attention on their experience.
Labyrinth seals are an alternative, but they only work when the shaft is turning.
Labyrinth seals operate with a very close tolerance.
A labyrinth is a system
Labyrinths also provide time for reflection.
Labyrinths appear in many cultures with ancient, medieval and modern examples.
Labyrinths appear to be growing in popularity across the United States.
Labyrinths are a profoundly corrupt game.
Labyrinths are a single path that inevitably lead the walker into the center.
Labyrinths are also great for community building.
Labyrinths are complexs.
Labyrinths are different from mazes.
Labyrinths are games.
Labyrinths are mazes.
Labyrinths are patterns, usually circular, which foster recollection, centering and prayer.
Labyrinths are sites.
Labyrinths are the ancient ancestors of mazes, but they are very different.
Labyrinths are time windows, portals, where time stands still.
Labyrinths are tools that have been used for thousands of years.
Labyrinths are truly sacred places.
Labyrinths are unicursal .
Labyrinths are unicursal.
Labyrinths are very unique.
Labyrinths are windows to the paranormal world.
Labyrinths can offer insight, perspective, a time for prayer or spiritual growth.
Labyrinths come in a variety of forms.
Labyrinths come in many forms and patterns.
Labyrinths differ from mazes in that there is one entrance and that serves also as the exit.
Labyrinths go back further in time than anyone can trace.
Labyrinths have an ancient history.
Labyrinths have only one path.
Labyrinths hold the key to ancient civilizations' mysteries and rituals.
Labyrinths share common characteristics of a dualistic nature.
Labyrinths symbolize our life s journey or the journey of an organization.
Some labyrinths are round, others are oval or square.
A labyrinthitis is a symptom
Labyrinthitis is a condition which affects the inner ear and causes vertigo.
A labyrinthodont is an amphibian
Labyrinthodonts are an evolutionary grade, and the group is no longer a term in taxonomy.
Lac is an animal product
Lac isa material.
Lac isa stuff.
LACs also offer FREE tutoring in a variety of subjects and disciplines.
LACS frequently sponsors lectures, panel discussions, and films on the region.
Lacandon rituals are materially simple and informal.
Lacanian theory supports a reading focusing on vision and childhood development.
A lace bug is a plant bug
Lace bugs are a common problem on eggplants.
Lace bugs are an annoyance to people passing or sitting under the tree.
Lace bugs are more prevalent on certain varieties.
Lace bugs are small, broad, flat insects with clear, lacelike wings.
Lace bugs can be a serious, though occasional, problem.
Lace bugs cause leaf yellowing.
Lace bugs cause mottling and yellowing of the leaves.
Lace bugs feed on the undersides of the leaves causing a stippled appearance.
Lace bugs get their name from the appearance of the area behind their head and the wing covers.
Lace bugs have piercing and sucking mouthparts.
Lace bugs have piercing-sucking mouthparts.
Lace bugs have several generations a year.
Lace bugs leave cast skins and black, gummy, varnish-like feces on the underside of leaves.
Lace bugs reach their peak in late summer and do their worst in sunny, exposed sites.
Lace bugs seem to prefer bright, sunny areas so plant susceptible plants in shady areas.
Lace bugs suck leaf sap.
Lace bugs suck nutrients from azaleas and other plants producing unsightly white spots on leaves.
Most lace bugs live on the lower surface of the leaf.
Some lace bugs feed on trees.
Lace corals produce a delicate branching structure that is also made up of aragonite.
A lace making is a handicraft
Lace making implies the production of ornament and fabric concurrently.
Lace making is a tradition as well as a job.
Lace school lunches with saltpeter.
Lace bugs on azaleas and aphids or whiteflies on gardenias are common.
Lace can be a very portable craft that is impressive at demonstrations and useful for decoration.
Lace continues over the bustline in both the front and the back.
Lace continues to be the most popular trim.
Lace corresponding colored ribbons through the holes, then loop the ribbon under one side to close.
Lace curtains throughout the house add a touch of romance.
Lace eccircles the waist and is accented with two ribbon bows and rossettes.
Lace forms the collar of the dress and decorates the gloves.
Lace graces the hem of the overdress in a coordinating color.
Lace is a beautiful long-haired cream and white tabby who is currently living on the street.
Lace is a good choice, too.
Lace is a ministry devoted to the women of our community.
Lace is a wonderful gift, yet is quite pricey as well.
Lace is cloth.
Lace is cord
Lace is cord.
Lace is definitely out, as are seams.
Lace is excellent, storestock condition.
Lace is fabric.
Lace is located in weddings.
Lace is made by knitting, crocheting and weaving.
Lace is netting.
Lace is off whit.
Lace is on the bottom of the gown and on the underdress.
Lace is out, embroidery is in.
Lace is part of shoes.
Lace is perfect for the godets.
Lace is probably the least detectable front available.
Lace is protective and seductive, nostalgic and nasty.
Lace is really big and so are silks.
Lace is stitched to the bottom of each ruffle.
Lace is stitched to the bottom of ruffle.
Lace is very lightweight and open, and the patterns usually have many holes and frills.
Lace is worn by many a vampire.
Lace looks like tilted fan shapes.
Lace overlays at sides creating hi-cut leg opening.
Lace overlays front panel for support.
Lace sounds prettier than giraffe.
Lace trim down middle of sleeves with entredeaux on sleeves and hem.
Lace trimming is available in black or white.
Lace trims the top edge.
Laces allow one to adjust to get the best fit, but take the longest to put on and take off.
Laces are fully functional.
Laces are oddly delicate in comparison with the shoe.
Laces become lighter and visibly more complex in pattern as time wore on.
Laces break, stitching rips, and toes wear out.
Laces can assume a seesaw action, which can produce a long blister across the instep.
Laces hold the body tight and demand the wearer to be transformed.
Some lace is French.
Laced front is boned for stability, and the back features full tuxedo-style tails.
Laceration appears to be the result of hitting the sharp edge of the table saw.
Laceration includes cut or puncture.
Laceration is a tear
Laceration is cuts.
Laceration is extremely rare.
Laceration is injuries.
Laceration is tears.
Laceration is the most common type of acute surfing injury.
Laceration is wounds.
Lacerations are a common skiing and snowmobiling injury.
Lacerations are blunt force injuries in which the tissue is torn.
Lacerations are cuts through the skin.
Lacerations are more serious.
Lacerations are most common in abdominal surgery, though they can occur in virtually any surgery.
Lacerations bleed freely and seem to be worse than they are.
Lacerations can be minor and superficial or they can be deep and severe.
Lacerations cause scars.
Lacerations result from blunt force trauma.
Lacerations result from cuts or tears in the skin and are caused by sharp objects.
Lacerations result only from blunt force impact.
Lacerations always cut through tendons, nerves and arteries until proven otherwise.
Some lacerations are especially complicated and require a surgical specialist.
A lacewing is an insect
Lacewings are also available in our catalog.
Lacewings are attractive flying insects with translucent pale green wings.
Lacewings are available from biocontrol dealers .
Lacewings are available from biocontrol dealers.
Lacewings are effective against aphids, scale insects and thrips among others.
Lacewings are especially fond of fennel, caraway, and dill.
Lacewings are general predators, being less specific to aphids than some other predators.
Lacewings are green or brown.
Lacewings are important predators of eggs and larvae, as well as other soft bodied insects.
Lacewings are important predators, in both the adult and larval stages.
Lacewings are most effective when a large number of the larvae are introduced into a limited area.
Lacewings are native predators in Alaska.
Lacewings are the most menacing predators for aphids.
Lacewings are very active and voracious feeders.
Lacewings are very important predators on pecan in late season.
Lacewings arrive as eggs and often hatch a few days later.
Lacewings can be difficult to find.
Lacewings eat a variety of small insects, and the larvae are especially voracious.
Lacewings eat aphids, mealybugs, thrips and caterpillar eggs.
Lacewings eat aphids, spider mites, small caterpillars and insect eggs.
Lacewings feed on aphids, leafhoppers, scales, mites, and eggs of butterflies and moths.
Lacewings feed on insect eggs, scales, mealybugs, and mites as well as aphids.
Lacewings have chewing mouthparts.
Lacewings love sweet alyssum, dill, and most members of the mint family.
Lacewings provide control of other soft-bodied pests such as worms, aphids, etc.
Lacewings take their name from the intricate veining of their two pairs of semitransparent wings.
Some lacewings give off a rather disagreeable odor when handled.
A lacework is work
Lacework is prepared by hand for each individual piece.
Lachrymal glands ensure the eye remains moist.
A lachrymator is a chemical weapon
A lachrymator is a gas
Lachrymators act on the nerve endings, the cornea, mucous membranes and the skin.
Lachrymators cause eye irritation and the formation of tears.
Lacing is liquor.
Lack of appetite comes late into the picture.
Lack of appetite is a common, non-specific sign of many diseases in cats.
Lack of awareness can cause many therapeutic difficulties.
Lack of awareness can cripple a business or even destroy it.
Lack of awareness concerning the country's accepted form of greeting can lead to awkward encounters.
Lack of awareness contributes to make remote collaboration very difficult.
Lack of awareness contributes to tension.
Lack of awareness is a key issue among both patients and diagnosing physicians.
Lack of awareness is a particularly vexing problem.
Lack of awareness is an obstacle that prevents women from fully enjoying their rights.
Lack of awareness is caused by lack of attention.
Lack of awareness is still the most persistent hurdle.
Lack of awareness is why many people have the disease for seven years before diagnosis.
Lack of awareness leads to accusations of abuse, misuse and blunders.
Lack of awareness leads to lack of demand and lack of availability.
Lack of awareness leads to lack of demand and lack of the second 'A' - Availability .
Lack of capacity is an affirmative defense.
Lack of capacity refers to lack of mental ability.
Lack of communication affects the entire organization.
Lack of communication breeds rumors and rumors destroy morale.
Lack of communication can be a big problem in the workplace.
Lack of communication can be the source of stress and strain.
Lack of communication can deal a death blow to any business.
Lack of communication can destroy an initiative, but is easy to avoid.
Lack of communication can diminish morale and effectiveness.
Lack of communication can lead to unsatisfying and unsafe sex.
Lack of communication can mortally wound a relationship.
Lack of communication causes a lot of problems.
Lack of communication causes great distress and worry to families.
Lack of communication causes more problems between people than any other single thing.
Lack of communication has other negative effects as well.
Lack of communication increases the perception of being compartmentalized.
Lack of communication inhibits the interaction between people.
Lack of communication is a huge cost.
Lack of communication is a primary root cause of divorce.
Lack of communication is also a factor.
Lack of communication is common among owners and potential receivers of property.
Lack of communication is the greatest contributing factor to failure of a colonization effort.
Lack of communication is the most common cause of customer dissatisfaction in the service industry.
Lack of communication is the second most worrisome issue for both sexes.
Lack of communication is usually the main problem for most disagreements.
Lack of communication is usually the source of any conflict.
Lack of communication is where the gist of the problem lies.
Lack of communication leads to polarization, and hostile relations lead to conflict escalation.
Lack of communication seems to be one of the prime causes of marriage breakdown.
Lack of communication skills Invite students to office hours.
Lack of communications is by far the most common problem in getting custom programs.
Lack of communications is often a cause of breakdowns in marriages and relationships.
Lack of exercise aggravates and can even cause anxiety.
Lack of exercise can easily create a pattern of inactivity that is difficult to break.
Lack of exercise can lead to behavior problems.
Lack of exercise can lead to changes in the body that threaten the heart.
Lack of exercise can lead to health and handling problems.
Lack of exercise can lead to weight gain.
Lack of exercise can put people at risk for osteoporosis.
Lack of exercise causes many problems.
Lack of exercise has serious effects on bones and muscles.
Lack of exercise has the opposite effects and the reserves of an unfit person are less.
Lack of exercise increases the likelihood of gallstone formation.
Lack of exercise is a big problem.
Lack of exercise is a leading cause of weight gain in college.
Lack of exercise is a main cause.
Lack of exercise is a major reason for the growing rate of obesity among children.
Lack of exercise is a major risk factor for heart attack.
Lack of exercise is a risk factor for heart disease.
Lack of exercise is an established risk factor for heart disease.
Lack of exercise is another big element of the disease of morbid obesity.
Lack of exercise is another change from the much more active life-style of prehistory.
Lack of exercise is disruptive to the body's system.
Lack of exercise is especially a problem in the minority population.
Lack of exercise is especially risky when combined with an unhealthy diet.
Lack of exercise is more common among women than men.
Lack of exercise is one of the worst aspects of long-haul flying.
Lack of exercise is the main problem.
Lack of exercise is the number one cause of childhood obesity.
Lack of exercise limits metabolism speed.
Lack of exercise means the child fails to burn off extra fat.
Lack of exercise prevents the body from absorbing the oxygen needed to revitalize the systems.
Lack of exercise reduces circulation to all muscles, including the smooth muscles of the intestines.
Lack of growth is a primary reason why managers quit, just like it is for employees.
Lack of growth means lack of joy, lack of love, lack of divine viewpoint.
Lack of humility causes anger and breeds quarrels.
Lack of humility is one of the biggest reasons.
Lack of humility leads inevitably to disobedience.
Lack of imagination is as much a limiting factor in science and discovery as lack of technology is.
Lack of insight is often a feature and medication non-compliance is common.
Lack of love leads to despair.
Lack of love shapes the narrator's life.
Lack of love shows lack of faith.
Lack of love speaks loudly to world.
Lack of sleep adds to decrease in motivation and slowing of memory.
Lack of sleep affects our ability to concentrate, can alter moods and compromise health.
Lack of sleep affects our ability to judge accurately.
Lack of sleep can also affect their mood and behaviour.
Lack of sleep can also be a silent killer, especially when teens get behind the wheel.
Lack of sleep can also contribute to acne formation.
Lack of sleep can also make interpersonal relationships more discordant.
Lack of sleep can be another consideration.
Lack of sleep can cause all kinds of problems.
Lack of sleep can even cause skin problems, such as acne.
Lack of sleep can exacerbate stress.
Lack of sleep can have a significant impact on daily functioning and productivity.
Lack of sleep can interfere with alertness and mood.
Lack of sleep can kill humans a lot more quickly.
Lack of sleep can lead to fatigue and a decreased sense of well-being.
Lack of sleep can lead to more horrible consequences than playing catch up.
Lack of sleep can lead to poor grades and trouble concentrating in school, the foundation says.
Lack of sleep can lead to problems in school and on the job, sickness, and possible even death.
Lack of sleep can lead to tired lifeless skin and circles under the eyes.
Lack of sleep can magnify test anxiety.
Lack of sleep can make children irritable and hyperactive, and can result in behavior problems.
Lack of sleep can make it difficult for a person to perform normal activities.
Lack of sleep can occur a number of ways.
Lack of sleep can result in symptoms other than snoring.
Lack of sleep can trigger mania.
Lack of sleep can worsen the symptoms of the illness in the impaired person.
Lack of sleep causes a desire to sleep.
Lack of sleep causes health problems like fatigue, stress, and increased susceptibility to disease.
Lack of sleep causes tension, crankiness, absentmindedness, and poor performance.
Lack of sleep does that.
Lack of sleep heightens the alienation.
Lack of sleep hurts motivation.
Lack of sleep increases the risk of having an episode of mania in someone with bipolar disorder.
Lack of sleep interferes with the body's natural restorative and rejuvenative process.
Lack of sleep is a common complaint and as a result tempers are short.
Lack of sleep is a common contributor to tension headaches.
Lack of sleep is a serious problem resulting in diminished mental functioning.
Lack of sleep is also a problem for teen- agers.
Lack of sleep is also a problem for teen-agers.
Lack of sleep is another problem.
Lack of sleep is associated with irritability, impatience, anxiety, and depression.
Lack of sleep is dangerous.
Lack of sleep is often a result of another physical or emotional problem.
Lack of sleep is often an important factor in fibromyalgia.
Lack of sleep is often one of the major causes of stress.
Lack of sleep is one example.
Lack of sleep is one of the most common symptoms of fibromyalgia.
Lack of sleep is the most common trigger of mania.
Lack of sleep is twice as common among working people than among the unemployed and pensioners.
Lack of sleep leads to accidents.
Lack of sleep leads to fatigue.
Lack of sleep makes one less alert and more irritable both at home and work.
Lack of sleep makes the other head injury symptoms much worse.
Lack of sleep restricts our effectiveness on the job.
Lack of sleep tends to magnify the negative effects of stress.
Lack of unity is a cause for disbelief.
Lack of unity is a problem of adults.
Lack of unity is a serious obstacle to the witness of evangelization.
Lack affects development.
Lack causes hormonal imbalance, anaemia, and imbalance of other vitamins.
Lack causes nose bleeds or haemorrhages connected with high blood pressure and tuberculosis.
Lack causes problems.
Lack contributes to osteoporosis.
Lack is a need
Lack is just a case of distribution and too much greed.
Lack is keen to stress the multitude of measures designed to prevent the system being abused.
Lack is more in means than in principles.
Lack is more in means, than in principles.
Lack is needs.
Lack is one of the finest living portrait painters.
Lack is really a physical thing.
Lack is the key to the whole narrative.
Lack isa condition.
Lack leads to behavioral problems.
Lack leads to medical problems.
Lack leads to ocular problems.
Lack leads to problems.
Lack leads to serious behavioral problems.
Lack leads to serious problems.
Lack leads to vision problems.
Lack limits ability.
Lack oxygenated blood makes the affected area of skin pale, often with a bluish tinge.
Lack say beyond one manufacturing project management software.
Lack stems, leaves, and roots.
Lacks alt tags for the graphics.
Lacks backstrip but otherwise tight.
Lacks buffering however, sends one character at a time taking up many system calls.
Lacks burst in and out of breaks.
Lacks cause and effect thinking.
Lacks cover skills . . .
Lacks cover, removed from binding.
Lacks depth in coverage of topic.
Lacks dorsal stripe and has vertical pupils.
Lacks drive and ability to inspire others, overly critical.
Lacks drive and ability to inspire others.
Lacks drive from hindquarters.
Lacks focus on student achievement.
Lacks fold. map.
Lacks grab for steep gym or sport climbing.
Lacks intimate self-revelation of first person.
Lacks live chat.
Lacks oak presence for today's market.
Lacks papillate lateral fringes.
Lacks perspective on internal resistance to apartheid.
Lacks range on shot.
Lacks sound in a few areas.
Lacks sudden burst on ball.
Lacks symmetry in overall body structure.
All lack leaves, roots, flowers, and other organ structures that characterize higher plants.
Most lack affects development.
Most lack causes problems.
Most lack leads to behavioral problems.
Most lack leads to ocular problems.
Most lack leads to problems.
Most lack leads to serious behavioral problems.
Most lack leads to serious problems.
Most lack leads to vision problems.
Some lack affects health.
Some lack contributes to outcomes.
Some lack creates opportunity.
Some lack leads to blindness.
Some lack leads to cessations.
Some lack leads to death.
Some lack leads to depressions.
Some lack leads to infection.
Some lack leads to skin infection.
Some lack supports interpretations.
Some lack threatens existence.
Lackadaisical faith becomes fervent devotion.
A lackey is a servant
Lackey campaigns indefatigably for the different, the unwanted, the minority.
Lackeys are like that everywhere even if they learned to wear a tie.
Lackluster performance holds it back.
Lackluster pick refer sore musk elbert proximo follow .
Lackluster stocks are unlikely to be given a second chance.
Laconia cars are wood and metal craftsmen kits.
Some lacquer ware can have hundreds of layers.
Lacquer is coating.
Lacquer is gum
Lacquer is gum.
Lacquers are glossy, semi gloss or matte.
Lacquers are polymer solutions to which pigments have been added.
Lacquers coat metals trapping cyanide and other nasty chemicals.
Lacquers contain solvents that are highly toxic by inhalation and moderately toxic by skin contact.
Lacquers have a tendency to lift or raise some enameled surfaces.
Lacquers seem much more resistant to masking problems than many acrylics.
Any lacquer needs a sealer, and special sealers are made that are soft and easy to sand.
Most lacquers begin to dry quickly, so avoid going over areas that have already been coated.
Lacrescent soils have a mollic epipedon have steeper slopes and typically are downslope.
A lacrimal bone is a bone
Lacrimal bone is absent.
Lacrimal bone is present.
Lacrimal bones are bones.
Lacrimal fossa is defined posteriorly by the posterior lacrimal crest, part of the lacrimal bone.
A lacrimation is an activity
Lacrimation is common.
Most lacrosse gloves support calm instead distant, before line blame who.
A lacrosse player is a player
A lacrosse player is an athlete
Some lacrosse players get hot and score goals by the boatload.
Lacrosse isa game.
Lacrosses have (part) regulation time.
Lacrosses have (part) second periods.
Lacrymal probes made of springsteel are more rigid and less pliable.
Lactaid brand is available in caplets, chewables, and drops.
Lactaid milk is available upon request.
A lactase deficiency is a disease
Lactase deficiency is the most common and well-known form of carbohydrate intolerance.
Lactase enzyme is available as capsules, tablets and solutions for lactase deficient patients.
Lactase also helps to digest fats and proteins.
Lactase breaks down lactose and allows it to be absorbed.
Lactase breaks down lactose so it can be absorbed into the bloodstream.
Lactase breaks down lactose, a sugar that's found in milk and milk products.
Lactase breaks down milk sugar into digestable formats.
Lactase breaks down milk sugar into simpler forms that can then be absorbed into the blood stream.
Lactase breaks down milk sugar into simpler forms that can then be absorbed into the bloodstream.
Lactase breaks down milk sugar into simpler substances that are absorbed into the bloodstream.
Lactase breaks down the lactose in foods so that they can be absorbed into the bloodstream.
Lactase cause the breakdown of lactose and also contribute to flavour and aroma.
Lactase digests lactose milk sugar into glucose and galactose.
Lactase drops or tablets are also available which can be placed in milk.
Lactase drops use a different form of lactase than the one used in lactase pills.
Lactase enables a baby to digest the lactose even in breast milk.
Lactase enzyme in either pill or liquid form is also available without a prescription.
Lactase is a small intestinal enzyme which hydrolyses lactose, the main carbohydrate in milk.
Lactase is also available in drop-form for addition to foods.
Lactase is an enzyme in the gut that degrades lactose, which is found in milk.
Lactase is an enzyme that is in the lining of the gut.
Lactase is an enzyme
Lactase is composed of two sugars.
Lactase is enzymes.
Lactase is essential in the digestion of milk and milk products.
Lactase is made in a delicate and vulnerable part of the small intestine.
Lactase is necessary to break down the disaccharide sugar in milk called lactose.
Lactase is necessary to digest all milk except mother's milk.
Lactase is necessary to digest all milk products, with the exception of mother's milk.
Lactase is needed to digest lactose, the sugar found in milk and other dairy products.
Lactase is one of the enzymes necessary to digest cow's milk.
Lactase is produced by the body.
Lactase is produced in the walls of the intestine and breaks down lactose into digestible sugars.
Lactase is specific for lactose.
Lactase is the enzyme that breaks down the natural sugar found in milk.
Lactase is the enzyme that digests lactose, a sugar found in milk.
Lactase is the enzyme that digests milk sugar.
Lactase is the enzyme that digests the major milk sugar, lactose.
Lactase is the enzyme which is required to digest lactose.
Lactase is the last intestinal enzyme to develop and is present in the smallest quantities.
Lactase normally lives on the end of our villi.
Lactase works on most people.
Lactate fermentation can take place under anaerobic conditions.
Lactate fermentation takes place in vigorously exercised muscle cells.
Lactate is ester
Lactate is salt
Lactates act as a bacteriostat by increasing the lag phase or dormant phase of microorganisms.
Lactates are a partial measure of the amount of anaerobic work that is performed in a task.
Lactated ringers has less chloride and some buffers from hyperchloremic, acidotic patients.
Lactation consultant is one of the many terms describing anyone who helps mothers breastfeed.
Lactation consultants answer questions on our breastfeeding forum daily.
Lactation consultants are available by appointment seven days a week.
Lactation consultants are available to give new mothers plenty of tips on successful breast feeding.
Lactation consultants are available to give new mothers plenty of tips on successful breastfeeding.
Lactation consultants are on staff to help breastfeeding moms and their babies.
Lactation consultants are readily available in all hospitals in the Hampton Roads area.
Lactation consultants are relatively new members of the healthcare field.
Lactation consultants can also advise new moms after they go home.
Lactation consultants offer an excellent source of guidance on all infant feeding issues.
Lactation consultants specialize in helping breastfeeding mothers.
Lactation consultants visit moms, answer questions and offer instructions.
Most lactation consultants charge for their services.
Lactation diets provide daily intake.
Lactation diets provide intake.
Lactation diets provide protein intake.
Lactation rooms are available in a number of sites on campus.
Lactation rooms vary in terms of the amenities they provide.
A lactation is feeding
Lactation also requires a significant energy investment by the female.
Lactation alters the effects of conditioned stress on immune function.
Lactation can last for four to five months.
Lactation can persist for up to four weeks.
Lactation consultant- anyone who consults about lactation.
Lactation continues for five or six months.
Lactation decreases the amount of blood lost during menstrual periods in the months following birth.
Lactation increases demand for energy, protein and other nutrients.
Lactation increases demand for energy, protein, and other nutrients.
Lactation increases maternal nutrient needs.
Lactation involves two tasks.
Lactation is a nuturing manifestation of spring, when the lambs are born.
Lactation is a very demanding period for ewes.
Lactation is also necessary for the survival of mammals.
Lactation is another word for breast feeding.
Lactation is the most efficient route of excretion.
Lactation is the production of human milk by the glands of the breast.
Lactation is the production of milk by the hormone-prepared mammary glands.
Lactation is unique to mammals.
Lactation isa period.
Lactation lasts about six weeks.
Lactation lasts between six and eight weeks.
Lactation lasts six to eight weeks, but young remain with the mother two to three months.
Lactation lowers residue levels markedly because OCs are excreted in the milk with the milk fat.
Lactation occurs after parturition when there is a sudden drop in oestrogen and progesterone levels.
Lactation occurs for quite a long time, two to four years, sometimes even longer.
Lactation places high demands on maternal stores of energy and protein.
Lactation places the greatest protein demands on a deer.
Lactation probably occurs for the first two months after parturation.
Lactation represents the greatest nutrient demand for cows over a yearlong production cycle.
Lactation requires a high level of metabolism.
Lactation requires even more energy than pregnancy.
Lactation requires more magnesium and zinc.
Lactation stops when the baby no longer nurses.
Lactation takes about a year.
Lactations are time periods.
Lactations have effects.
Lactations have minimal effects.
Lactations last for months.
Lactation often takes place for two years, but can also last for only one year.
Most lactations have effects.
Most lactations have minimal effects.
Some lactations affect excretion.
Some lactations occur during seasons.
Some lactations occur during wet seasons.
Some lactations take weeks.
Lactational anestrus occurs in most sows and lasts until weaning.
Lactational duration is just one of many cultural variations in breastfeeding practices.
A lacteal is a lymphatic vessel
Lacteal is a small vessel that returns lymph fluid back to bloodstream.
Lacteals are part of the vertebrate lymphatic system.
Lactic acid bacteria inhabit guts.
Lactic acid fermentation produces acid.
Lactic acid fermentation produces lactic acid.
Lactic acid acccumulates when a muscle is overworked.
Lactic acid accumulates during exercise.
Lactic acid accumulates in the muscle tissue as a fish is played.
Lactic acid acts on the protein in the milk to make yoghurt thick and sour .
Lactic acid acts on the protein in the milk to make yoghurt thick and sour.
Lactic acid build up in muscles inhibits muscle contractions.
Lactic acid build up leads to the symptoms of trematol poisoning.
Lactic acid builds up and the spasm results in soreness and pain.
Lactic acid builds up as anaerobic respiration switches on, and it can quickly become toxic.
Lactic acid builds up in the muscles, causing that sore and tired feeling.
Lactic acid can cause sore muscles.
Lactic acid can reach toxic levels, causing muscle cramps and fatigue, in stressed muscle groups.
Lactic acid causes cramp.
Lactic acid causes muscle stiffness and soreness.
Lactic acid causes muscles to hurt.
Lactic acid causes rigor mortis.
Lactic acid causes soreness when it builds up in muscles.
Lactic acid causes the muscle pain when one runs too fast for too long.
Lactic acid contributes to better digestibility of the bread product and gives it a unique flavour.
Lactic acid contributes to fatigue in muscle and oxygen debt, and the liver eventually reconverts.
Lactic acid creates efficient fermentation because it is stronger than the volatile acids.
Lactic acid cuts down on endurance.
Lactic acid dissipates.
Lactic acid forms as a by-product of energy production by the muscles.
Lactic acid forms in milk due to the action of fungi and bacteria acting on the lactose sugar.
Lactic acid has two enantiomers.
Lactic acid helps produce growth hormone.
Lactic acid increases in the active muscles.
Lactic acid interferes with the muscles ability to contract.
Lactic acid is a big enigma.
Lactic acid is a by product of metabolism that is formed during exercise.
Lactic acid is a by-product of anaerobic energy production.
Lactic acid is a byproduct of energy metabolism.
Lactic acid is a byproduct of glucose metabolism.
Lactic acid is a by-product of glycolysis.
Lactic acid is a metabolite formed in the body during muscular activity.
Lactic acid is a milder acid than malic acid.
Lactic acid is a natural constituent of the human body and has several proven functionalities.
Lactic acid is a naturally occurring organic acid, which is present in sour milk and molasses.
Lactic acid is a normal byproduct of muscle metabolism.
Lactic acid is a primary component in the skin's natural buffer system.
Lactic acid is a registered disinfectant.
Lactic acid is a strong acid that has been implicated with fatigue.
Lactic acid is a ubiquitous product of energy metabolism.
Lactic acid is a waste product or toxin that causes muscle to fatigue and ultimately fail.
Lactic acid is also very hydrating.
Lactic acid is an acidulant that adds tartness and controls acidity.
Lactic acid is an alpha-hydroxy acid with keratolytic properties.
Lactic acid is an alpha-hydroxy acid.
Lactic acid is an example of a weak acid.
Lactic acid is carboxylic acid
Lactic acid is carboxylic acid.
Lactic acid is chemical compounds.
Lactic acid is converted back to pyruvic acid by liver cells.
Lactic acid is especially effective in combating pathogenic bacteria.
Lactic acid is formed in some microbes as well as in the muscle cells.
Lactic acid is formed when carbohydrates break down, usually during exercise.
Lactic acid is one of the most effective AHAs and has the lowest irritation potential.
Lactic acid is one way of keeping all the cells, brain and muscle, going.
Lactic acid is only temporaly.
Lactic acid is present after working a muscle, producing natural growth hormone.
Lactic acid is present in most foods, and, of course, is present throughout our bodies.
Lactic acid is produced by muscles as they run out of oxygen over prolonged bouts of exercise.
Lactic acid is produced by the microbial fermentation of sugars such as glucose or hexose.
Lactic acid is produced during exercise when the demand for oxygen in muscles exceeds the supply.
Lactic acid is produced in animals and is associated with muscle fatigue.
Lactic acid is produced in large quantities by heavy, high physical loads.
Lactic acid is produced in response to the alkalosis of hyperventilation.
Lactic acid is produced in the muscles during intense activity.
Lactic acid is produced in the presence of decreased oxygen.
Lactic acid is produced more readily during anaerobic exercise, like sprinting.
Lactic acid is produced when glucose is metabolized through the energy production cycle.
Lactic acid is ten-times stronger than proprionic acid.
Lactic acid is the alpha hydroxy acid found in milk.
Lactic acid is the main acid in milk and has a much lighter taste.
Lactic acid is the main cause of enamel decalcification.
Lactic acid is the most stable and most palatable of all common silage-produced acids.
Lactic acid is the one most significantly influenced.
Lactic acid is the predominant volatile fatty acid in the best-quality silage.
Lactic acid is the primary cause of muscle soreness.
Lactic acid is the waste product of exercise that enhances fatigue and muscular soreness.
Lactic acid is toxic in large amounts, and therefore produces fatigue.
Lactic acid is toxic to many cells and leads to muscle fatigue.
Lactic acid is what causes muscles to burn after strenuous exercise.
Lactic acid producing bateria produce mainly lactate as a metabolite from glucose.
Lactic acid represents a small fraction of the chemicals of commerce in the United States.
Lactic acid seems to be a better compound to rub on twice daily.
Some lactic acid builds up in meat.
Some lactic acid builds up in muscles.
Some lactic acid enters blood streams.
Some lactic acid enters streams.
Some lactic acid is produced by bacteria.
Some lactic acid is produced by starter bacteria.
Some lactic acid prevents growth.
Some lactic acid produces bacteria.
Lactic acidosis can be demonstrate d biochemically.
Lactic acidosis can cause severe damage to the pancreas and liver.
Lactic acidosis carries a high mortality.
Lactic acidosis causes fatigue, belly pain, and shortness of breath.
Lactic acidosis is a build up of lactic acid in the blood.
Lactic acidosis is a buildup of lactic acid in the blood.
Lactic acidosis is a known side effect to some anti-HIV drugs.
Lactic acidosis is a still relatively uncommon but very serious condition.
Lactic acidosis is absent, but the glycogen shows an abnormal structure.
Lactic acidosis is an accumulation of lactic acid .
Lactic acidosis is caused by a buildup of lactic acid in the blood.
Lactic acidosis is rare but serious metabolic complication that can occur.
Lactic acidosis is the accumulation of lactic acid within the blood.
Lactic acidosis is the disease caused by a abnormally high lactic acid level in the blood.
Lactic acidosis occurs as a consequence of anaerobic metabolism.
Lactic acidosis occurs when cells are unable to convert food into usable energy.
Lactic acidosis occurs when cells of the body are unable to convert food into usable energy.
Lactic bacteria is added to give flavor.
Lactic bacteria produce acetic acid by fermenting the sugar.
Some lactic bacteria break down lactose.
Lactic bacteria inhabit guts.
Lactic fermentation produces acid.
Lactic fermentation produces lactic acid.
Most lactic fermentation produces acid.
Most lactic fermentation produces lactic acid.
Lacto vegetarians avoid meat, poultry, fish and eggs, but eat dairy products.
Lacto vegetarians can get plenty of calcium from skim milk, nonfat yogurt and low-fat cheeses.
Lacto vegetarians eat animal protein of high biological value, eggs and dairy products.
Lacto vegetarians restrict themselves to milk and milk products, avoiding eggs.
Lactobacillus acidophilus is a friendly bacteria.
Lactobacillus acidophilus is important for an immune boost.
Lactobacillus acidophilus perform a number of beneficial tasks there.
Lactobacillus acidophiluses are lactobacilluses.
Lactobacillus acidophiluses are species.
A lactobacillus is a bacteria
Lactobacillus describes a certain type and group of bacteria.
Lactobacillus is a beneficial bacteria which helps control overgrowth of disease causing bacteria.
Lactobacillus is a friendly bacteria that lives in intestines.
Lactobacillus is a genus of bacteria.
Lactobacillus is a helpful bacteria which is used to make pickles and cheese.
Lactobacillus is a primary competitor of candida for food in the intestine.
Lactobacillus is also available in powder and capsule forms at health food stores.
Lactobacillus is also the main enemy of the Candida.
Lactobacillus is basically a very safe product to take.
Lactobacillus is present in the small intestine.
Lactobacillus is simply dried bacteria that occur naturally in unpasteurized whole milk.
Lactose intolerance affects about half the Earth's population.
Lactose intolerance affects many people.
Lactose intolerance can also cause gas, but is extremely rare in infants.
Lactose intolerance can also hinder optimal calcium intake.
Lactose intolerance can lead to inadequate calcium intake.
Lactose intolerance can make sufferers lives a misery.
Lactose intolerance can manifest in many strange ways.
Lactose intolerance can sometimes occur for a period of time after giardial infection.
Lactose intolerance causes abdominal bloating and discomfort.
Lactose intolerance causes stomach cramps, bloating, diarrhea, and gas.
Lactose intolerance does cause loose stools.
Lactose intolerance is .more common in certain populations.
Lactose intolerance is a common problem, especially in elderly persons.
Lactose intolerance is a commonly known food intolerance.
Lactose intolerance is a condition caused by a lack of an enzyme called lactase.
Lactose intolerance is a disease
Lactose intolerance is a natural process and there is no reliable way to prevent or reverse it.
Lactose intolerance is a non-immunological disease which is due to an enzyme deficiency.
Lactose intolerance is a well-studied metabolic disorder.
Lactose intolerance is also more common among certain ethnic groups.
Lactose intolerance is an example of an adverse food reaction.
Lactose intolerance is an example of food intolerance.
Lactose intolerance is an example.
Lactose intolerance is an inability to digest the main sugar in milk.
Lactose intolerance is caused by a lack of lactase.
Lactose intolerance is common among people from the Mediterranean area.
Lactose intolerance is common and a normal consequence of aging.
Lactose intolerance is common in adults.
Lactose intolerance is common in Finland.
Lactose intolerance is common, affecting nearly three-quarters of the world's population.
Lactose intolerance is different for each person.
Lactose intolerance is different than a milk allergy.
Lactose intolerance is different than milk allergy.
Lactose intolerance is diseases.
Lactose intolerance is due to an inability to produce lactase, the enzyme that digests milk sugar.
Lactose intolerance is due to an inability to produce lactase, the enzyme that digests milk.
Lactose intolerance is due to the lack of b -galactosidase.
Lactose intolerance is easy to manage.
Lactose intolerance is food intolerance.
Lactose intolerance is found in both children and adults.
Lactose intolerance is genetic diseases.
Lactose intolerance is hereditary.
Lactose intolerance is illnesses.
Lactose intolerance is least common among people with a northern European heritage.
Lactose intolerance is often dose dependent.
Lactose intolerance is one example of a food intolerance.
Lactose intolerance is one example of food intolerance.
Lactose intolerance is one explanation for the gas.
Lactose intolerance is probably the most well known malady caused by the lack of a disaccharidase.
Lactose intolerance is still a problem in a lot of humans.
Lactose intolerance is the body's inability to digest lactose normally.
Lactose intolerance is the body's inability to digest lactose, the sugar in milk.
Lactose intolerance is the inability to break down or digest lactose.
Lactose intolerance is the inability to properly digest milk sugar, also known as lactose.
Lactose intolerance is the same as being allergic to milk.
Lactose intolerance is the same as intolerance or allergy to cow's milk protein.
Lactose intolerance is very common and occasionally is only seen in later ages.
Lactose intolerance occurs due to an absence or deficiency of the intestinal enzyme lactase.
Lactose intolerance occurs when the body has trouble breaking down the milk sugar .
Lactose intolerance produces symptoms like bloating and gas.
Lactose intolerance takes several forms.
Lactose intolerance tends to develop slowly over time.
Lactose intolerance varies markedly among various human populations.
Lactose malabsorption results from a shortage of an enzyme called lactase.
Lactose operon forms the basis for many genetic engineering expression systems.
Lactose tolerance is another oral tolerance test.
Lactose tolerance is genetically dominant.
Lactose tolerance varies from person to person.
Lactose acts as an inducer to turn on the operon.
Lactose alone is responsible for more than one-third of the osmotic pressure of normal milk.
Lactose also imparts sweetness or palatability factors to the feed.
Lactose binds the repressor and knocks it off the operator.
Lactose breaks down enzymatically to glucose and galactose.
Lactose breaks down into glucose and galactose.
Lactose comes from milk.
Lactose contains galactose that is needed to develop the myelin sheath which insulates the nerves.
Lactose crops up all over the place, it seems.
Lactose forms the major part of milk's dry matter content.
Lactose has (part) atoms.
Lactose has (part) chemical chain.
Lactose has (part) chemical groups.
Lactose hides in the most unusual foods.
Lactose inhibits the repressor .
Lactose inhibits the repressor.
Lactose is a disaccharide
Lactose is chemical compounds.
Lactose is disaccharides.
Lactose is milk sugar, the only carbohydrate source naturally available to infants.
Lactose is milk sugar.
Lactose is present in all milks.
Lactose is quite common in tablets, capsules, and homeopathic remedies.
Lactose is sugar naturally found in milk.
Lactose is sugar.
Lactose is unabsorbable and increases the osmotic gradient within the small intestine.
Lactose isa carbohydrate.
Lactose produces clinical symptoms such as diarrhea and gas in about one-third of the population.
Lactose reduced milk is sold in some supermarkets.
A lacuna is a crack
Some lacunae remain.
Lacunar stroke happens when small blood vessels deep in the brain become blocked over the long term.
Lacunar stroke is usually less severe.
Lacustrine deposits are likely to be rocky, as a common feature.
LacZ expression is highest on the right side of the heart, consistent with in situ data.
Lad culture leads to rape culture.
A lad is a male
Lad isa individual.
Lad isa person.
Lad isa somebody.
Lad isa someone.
Lad looks at other gals.
Lads are people.
Lads can certainly talk without getting distracted.
Lads come into environments.
Lads fess up later.
Lads go out in the evening with a big plough.
Lads have (part) arms.
Lads have (part) body substances.
Lads have (part) cell membranes.
Lads have (part) cells.
Lads have (part) corpi.
Lads have (part) cytoplasm.
Lads have (part) heads.
Lads have (part) legs.
Lads have (part) necks.
Lads have (part) nuclei.
Lads have (part) personality.
Lads have (part) plasma membranes.
Lads have (part) sections.
Lads have (part) vacuoles.
Most lads come into environments.
Some lads do good jobs.
Some lads do jobs.
Some lads get hung, and some get shot.
Some lads have head injuries.
Some lads have injuries.
Some lads have massive head injuries.
Some lads learn places.
Ladder companies reach to the roof battling the fire.
Ladder companies use ladder trucks, which carry ladders of various lengths.
Ladder fuel enhances likelihood.
Ladder logic is structured in rungs, with each rung being a state.
Ladder matches are no different from regular club matches, and have no greater or lesser priority.
All ladder matches are the best of three games, each up to thirteen points.
Ladder systems allow a person to develop and grow professionally within a certain position category.
A ladder truck is a fire truck
Ladder trucks are especially difficult to get around narrow corners.
Ladder trucks are fire engines.
Ladder trucks are much longer than pumpers or tankers.
Ladder trucks carry ladders.
All ladder trucks are tiller style.
A ladder is a steps
Ladder attaches to side of bed.
Ladder complete out either arrangement instead sprang mile high steak.
Ladder hoists up the storm track for easy access aloft, even with sails set.
Ladder is all resin, never to rust or corrode.
Ladder is now in an executable jar file.
Ladder is now in the com.
Ladder is stowed below davits.
Ladder isa staircase.
Ladder leans again a heavy wooden box placed on end.
Ladder lengths and stand off lengths are custom fit for each application.
Ladder matches existing holes in the van.
Ladder meet with a classroom therefore count discounted bicycle helmet.
Ladder pivots up for easier access to aft berth New higher fiberglass pedestal housing.
Ladder play and league conquest is our mainstay, with added tournaments and challenge systems.
Ladder realize despite many newt while yield inkjet printer.
Ladder realize off lots girl since mark Houston rockets clothes.
Ladder realize off lots girl since mark Oakland raiders helmet.
Ladder scaffolds Describe steps in safe ladder and scaffold use.
Ladder stitch ear in place.
Ladder switch along lots news therefore pricing meg whitman.
Ladder tray straight section.
Ladders also focus more on the individual rather than a group of people, ie.
Ladders are a deceptively complex subject.
Ladders are a useful and necessary tool in the sign industry.
Ladders are a way of ranking players.
Ladders are also fairly limited.
Ladders are another source of injuries around homes, but they can be used safely.
Ladders are at times used for purposes other than climbing, such as bridges, and carrying victims.
Ladders are degrees.
Ladders are fun and provide exercise for the feet and legs.
Ladders are hard on the feet and the back.
Ladders are hard to use.
Ladders are industrial equipment.
Ladders are located in garages.
Ladders are located in hardware stores.
Ladders are located in roofs.
Ladders are narrow enough to negotiate tight warehouse aisles.
Ladders are necessary and useful tools.
Ladders are of all sizes, as are the snakes.
Ladders are our enemies.
Ladders are pretty much out of the question.
Ladders are routes.
Ladders are seven rungs high and can hold three lamps across.
Ladders are stairs.
Ladders are the backbone of competion.
Ladders are to be free of defects and secured from movement.
Ladders are tools.
Ladders are wood and look like poles.
Ladders can end.
Ladders come in different styles, including step, straight, and extension.
Ladders connect one level to the other, though now there are also conventional doors.
Ladders contains a glossary, review questions and answers, and a sample testing and repair form.
Ladders feature wide non-skid treads and are fully welded giving maximum strength and durability.
Ladders have (part) readsides.
Ladders have (part) sections.
Ladders have (part) stairs.
Ladders have rungs.
Ladders have to be lowered, and signs displayed to guide visitors through the aircraft.
Ladders have two vertical supports that go along the whole length of the ladder.
Ladders have wooden rungs tied to rope.
Ladders help firemen gain access to upper floors and roofs to attack the fire.
Ladders inevitably become part of the game, and can be accidents waiting to happen.
Ladders is a mechanism for ranking players.
Ladders Make sure fixed ladders are out of the reach of children, or fit with a special barrier.
Ladders occurs when both players place their pieces along one row or column.
Ladders present unique opportunities for unsafe acts and unsafe conditions.
Ladders provides a broad scope of understanding of ground ladders and their use.
Ladders Purchase safety-approved, good quality ladders.
Ladders Put ladders out for outdoor play.
Ladders seem to be a favorite, although mattresses are a very close second.
Ladders serve multi-purposes, both at home and on the job.
Ladders symbolize prosperity, or prayer.
Ladders Use appropriate equipment to reach items resting on platforms or shelves.
Ladders work as most ladders do, either by seed, or by points.
All ladder controls as well as air, and nozzle controls are located at the ladder fly.
All ladders are in good condition.
All ladders have a time limitation for match responses.
Every ladder is supported at grade or by the deck and includes wall brackets for stability.
Many ladders are too short to reach a fourth-story window.
Some ladders are made in one piece.
Some ladders come into existence.
Some ladders have steps that are too short and are improperly attached to the ladder.
Some ladders illustrate variation.
Some Ladders only have a top and bottom clue.
A laddie is a boy
Laddie is a cuddler.
Laddie is a sweet boy, very mellow.
Laddie plans to remain aggressive in staff compensation, particularly new teacher salaries.
Laddie seems to be housetrained, and gets on well with other dogs.
Ladies rooms are actually new.
Ladino clover can be useful in re-establishment of legumes in predominantly grass sods.
Ladino clover is a tall white clover but is easily killed by Ontario winters.
Ladino clover is less sensitive to winter damage by fall usage than is red clover or alfalfa.
Ladino clover is one forage crop that responds well to topdressed applications of phosphorus.
Ladino clover responds best to rotational grazing.
A ladino is a person
Ladino does well in years with frequent rains.
Ladino has two serious drawbacks.
Ladino is a large type of white clover introduced into the United States from Italy.
Ladino prefers sandy loam or medium loam soils.
Ladinos are people of mixed Indian and Spanish race.
A ladle is a vessel
Ladle curds into colander.
Ladle has marching blue exterior, irridescent white interior with lefe design in gold.
Ladle is aprox.
Ladles are in the drawers next to the freezer.
Ladles are located in drawers.
Ladles are located in kitchens.
Ladles are spoons.
Ladles are vessels.
Ladles made of mesquite wood are to be found in every house.
A lady beetle is a beetle
Lady beetles become household pests.
Lady beetles become pests.
Lady beetles eat aphids.
Lady beetles eat bugs.
Lady beetles have black spots.
Lady beetles have spots.
Lady beetles help control aphids, mites, and mealybugs.
Lady beetles prey upon the aphids in both the adult and larval stages.
Most lady beetles become household pests.
Most lady beetles become pests.
Most lady beetles eat aphids.
Most lady beetles eat bugs.
Most lady beetles have black spots.
Most lady beetles have spots.
Some lady beetles are black, often with red markings.
Some lady beetles are very little and are black and hairy .
Some lady beetles are very little and are black and hairy.
Some lady beetles become problems.
Some lady beetles eat carpets.
Some lady beetles eat insects.
Some lady beetles eat other insects.
Some lady beetles emerge from cases.
Some lady beetles enter quiet places like the attic.
Some lady beetles feed aphids.
Some lady beetles feed on pests.
Some lady beetles go through complete metamorphosis.
Some lady beetles go through metamorphosis.
Some lady beetles live up to years.
Lady bugs feed on aphids.
Lady bugs live in climates.
Lady bugs live in temperate climates.
Most lady bugs feed on aphids.
Most lady bugs live in climates.
Most lady bugs live in temperate climates.
Some lady bugs invade homes.
Lady finger bananas have skin.
Lady finger bananas have thin skin.
Lady finger bananas produce fruit.
A lady palm is a palm tree
Most lady palms grow best in bright, indirect light near a window or skylight.
A lady is a woman
Ladies advertize here.
Ladies advocate and beauty secrets.
Ladies also get free flowers, drink specials, giveaways and have all music requests granted.
Ladies also paint, paper, sew, etc.
Ladies also receive a long-stemmed red rose.
Ladies also welcome.
Ladies appear in our catalogue free of charge .
Ladies appreciate woven goods.
Ladies are adult females.
Ladies are always free.
Ladies are available in black or white.
Ladies are available in white only.
Ladies are cultureds.
Ladies are exempt from the hat rule.
Ladies are females.
Ladies are frightened and shrink away.
Ladies are good to be careful of strangers.
Ladies are great.
Ladies are highly encouraged to participate.
Ladies are in one line facing men, men are in another linefacing ladies.
Ladies are lighter and more elegant, whilst the men's are a sturdier larger diameter stick.
Ladies are located in bathrooms.
Ladies are located in churchs.
Ladies are located in cities.
Ladies are located in grocery stores.
Ladies are located in supermarkets.
Ladies are most sensitive to touch.
Ladies are never to be loud, and never to be unmannerly.
Ladies are of course welcome.
Ladies are on the right in closed position.
Ladies are pleased by the aggressive activities of men, on condition that they are kept secret.
Ladies are probably most comfortable in trousers.
Ladies are strict about hygiene.
Ladies are the least interested in the physical part of training exercise like yoga.
Ladies are unwell.
Ladies are used for fucks.
Ladies are used for gentlemans.
Ladies are used for sex.
Ladies are very anxious to meet a man who can dance.
Ladies are welcome at all functions.
Ladies are welcome to attend.
Ladies are welcome to hunt or join in the safari, as are younger hunters.
Ladies are welcome too.
Ladies are welcome, too, and usually have a great time at the show.
Ladies are welcome.
Ladies are women.
Ladies arrive daily to join and browse thougth the new men's listings.
Ladies attend, but are usually veiled or in masks.
Ladies attend, but in England they are usually veiled or in masks.
Ladies be aware of off color or contrasting roots.
Ladies be careful.
Ladies benefit from an advantageous tee box, and a birdie opportunity.
Ladies blouses, panties and nighties.
Ladies bring a lot of expertise to the table.
Ladies bring a plate.
Ladies bring basket with lunch for two.
Ladies bring cake.
Ladies bring lunch for two.
Ladies calling is a great encouragement for specific calls.
Ladies can also get discount coupons, a cash giveaway drawing.
Ladies can bid to win themselves a male slave for a week.
Ladies can bring as many guests as they like.
Ladies can drink it instead of beer.
Ladies can encourage, edify, exhort, comfort, or give their testimony to help others.
Ladies can look just as good as they play.
Ladies can make each other's acquaintance in the hotel parlor, or at the table.
Ladies can never look ill.
Ladies can ride side saddle if they want to.
Ladies can strut their stuff in a sweater and pants or a long skirt, for example.
Ladies can take a handbag in addition to another bag.
Ladies can take cocktail dresses or a full length formal.
Ladies can use the brick loo block behind the clubhouse and extension.
Ladies can use the tapes for ladies' Bible classes.
Ladies can wear dresses or a blouse and skirt outfit.
Ladies can wear sun dresses or the like.
Ladies can work both sides of their skirt.
Ladies carry guns in their purses in case they are attacked.
Ladies check it out hard.
Ladies Check out the news section for directions to practice and the Carolina trip.
Ladies closeouts Our clothing deals get better weekly.
Ladies come into the agency every day to register, and to meet the gentlemen who are visiting.
Ladies come into view with multi coloured, spinning, waxen umbrellas.
Ladies come without a pocket.
Ladies compete with well publicised success as owners, trainers and riders.
Ladies complete pocket-book.
Ladies constitute thirty percent of our membership.
Ladies cross right and men cross left shoulders.
Ladies designer sterling silver watch with mother of pearl dial.
Ladies desire diamonds.
Ladies do it too.
Ladies do the same.
Ladies don t have to compromise their womanliness when dressing for the office.
Ladies dress to impress ladies in the daytime and in the evening they dress to impress men.
Ladies drink free til Midnight.
Ladies drink free.
Ladies Drink Free.
Ladies echo is played also.
Ladies enjoy a day of toning with gym equipment followed by aerobicizing.
Ladies especially welcome.
Ladies experience results.
Ladies fall back a Double.
Ladies fan away the summer heat during a political caucus at a Hattiesburg church.
Ladies faux gold watch.
Ladies free all night.
Ladies Full make up, character heels, fishnets and G-string.
Ladies garmet dyed cotton casuals.
Ladies gather about town.
Ladies generally join the fellowship that meets at the time which is most convenient for themselves.
Ladies get in FREE all night long.
Ladies get in free all night on Wednesdays.
Ladies get in free all night.
Ladies get in free before midnight.
Ladies get in FREE with one regular paid admission.
Ladies get more money than men.
Ladies get small ones to carry in their purses.
Ladies get their choice of leather or chain linked band.
Ladies gets crazy Beautiful nude girls with great sexual asses.
Ladies gossip in cavernous coffeehouses, their lovely hats perched atop sleek chignons.
Ladies hats for all occasions available to hire or buy.
Ladies have (part) arms.
Ladies have (part) cell membranes.
Ladies have (part) cells.
Ladies have (part) cytoplasm.
Ladies have (part) heads.
Ladies have (part) legs.
Ladies have (part) necks.
Ladies have (part) nuclei.
Ladies have (part) personality.
Ladies have (part) plasma membranes.
Ladies have (part) sections.
Ladies have (part) vacuoles.
Ladies have (part) woman's bodies.
Ladies have a good time for acquiring new relationship with people in authority.
Ladies have a good time more for maintaining good relationship with important people.
Ladies have a great day.
Ladies have a presence here, as well.
Ladies have a seperate room for their devotion.
Ladies have an easier choice.
Ladies have an equally versatile approach to highland dress and the use of tartans.
Ladies have breathe tubes.
Ladies have children.
Ladies have crispinette and fillet in their hair, and open-sided bodices over long trailing skirts.
Ladies have different intentions than a gentleman in altering themselves.
Ladies have flared headbands over veils, overdresses belted at the waist over pleated undergowns.
Ladies have flat caps over veils, high waists, low belts and pleated, trailing hems.
Ladies have fun, show character, and exhibit great determination.
Ladies have great visions for fashion and trends.
Ladies have it at the beginning, but only once.
Ladies have solid, long veils with a thin headband.
Ladies have their own classification, but can also score for their club's main team.
Ladies have their own clubhouse.
Ladies have to sit, act, eat, walk, and talk a certain way.
Ladies have to wear their clothes backwards and inside out.
Ladies have tubes.
Ladies hygiene specialists, ie toilet cleaners remove and deliver containers on a regular basis.
Ladies immediately place their right hand behind their right hip, palm facing out.
Ladies jean packs normally come in medium and long - some petites .
Ladies join families.
Ladies just love their bags.
Ladies keep dogs.
Ladies lead between the men and cast to place.
Ladies lean in-towards man.
Ladies Leave Laughing Five nice ladies left here yesterday, laughing.
Ladies lets keep it up.
Ladies like to talk and cuddle, and men like to sail to England and kill everybody.
Ladies list thier adult pictures and home phone numbers.
Ladies look out for the free drinks announcement.
Ladies love a poet.
Ladies love candles, warmth, and good conversation.
Ladies love engineers.
Ladies love homes.
Ladies love it.
Ladies love the massively ripped red body.
Ladies match practice and fixtures.
Ladies never show their ankles.
Ladies night out.
Ladies offer educational experience.
Ladies offer excite educational experience.
Ladies offer excite experience.
Ladies offer experience.
Ladies pass time.
Ladies play arcane parlor games like whist, pitch and cribbage and nip at the rare cocktail.
Ladies play free when accompanied by a paying male.
Ladies play the red tee.
Ladies prefer thigh highs or stockings, rather than pantyhose.
Ladies prepare it and sell it on the beach, sidewalks, and front porches of their homes.
Ladies race through the streets while flipping a pancake in a skillet.
Ladies realize what the problems can be.
Ladies receive a carnation.
Ladies receive a fresh bouquet of flowers.
Ladies recount stories.
Ladies render important service in street choirs.
Ladies respond the ads absolutely the same way.
Ladies retire to the drawing-room after dinner, and leave the gentlemen behind.
Ladies Review amateur erotica features nude models and search engine.
Ladies ring in mailroom.
Ladies roll once more, and so do the gentlemen.
Ladies roundneck, raglan sleeve top with contrast color piping and a logo print at front.
Ladies rule, and men obey.
Ladies say it's easy when our Instructor helps.
Ladies scoop neck tee.
Ladies see matter.
Ladies sell flowers outside the cemetery.
Ladies send thoughts.
Ladies serve purposes.
Ladies share their faith and lives together as they support and pray with one another.
Ladies shortsleeve, V-neck top with crochet and delicate hand embroidery at the neck.
Ladies shortsleeves round neck top with woolen embroidery adding upto the beauty of the garment.
Ladies shortsleeves, U-neck top with delicate flower embroidery at the hem.
Ladies show how it's done.
Ladies sit side-saddle, gents sit astride.
Ladies sit side-saddle,gents sit astride.
Ladies size in solid steel with black dial and steel bracelet.
Ladies size in solid steel with blue dial, steel bracelet, and deployment buckle.
Ladies size in solid steel with copper colored dial, steel bracelet, and deployment buckle.
Ladies size in solid steel with grey dial and steel bracelet.
Ladies size in solid steel with grey dial, steel bracelet, and deployment buckle.
Ladies size in solid steel with white dial, steel bracelet, and deployment buckle.
Ladies sleeveless u-neck printed top vertically dyed in two colors giving rise to the bold design.
Ladies sleeveless voilet tank top with v-neckline and all over natural color print on it.
Ladies slip on dress with and attached circular skirt.
Ladies speak on Chicago fashion.
Ladies start first, followed almost immediately by the gents.
Ladies step back and rejoin hands with the men.
Ladies stick has a marbled handle, the men's stick has a black handle.
Ladies stroll the castle grounds.
Ladies take note.
Ladies take our survey .
Ladies take the other.
Ladies tank top in ethnic print with beaded circles in the front.
Ladies tank top in single jersey cotton lycra.
Ladies tank top in single jersey cotton-lycra with engineer stripe on it.
Ladies tank top in solid single jersey cotton lycra body and contrasting binding on it.
Ladies tank top with straps and vertical print emphasized by beaded work at the hem.
Ladies tape their feet to reduce their apparent size and faint at court.
Ladies tee off from the same set as the men.
Ladies tee off from the same sets of tees as the men on both courses.
Ladies tend to be only mechanically inclined in all the wrong things.
Ladies there are few.
Ladies toilet available.
Ladies tops, etc.
Ladies turn at the horah.
Ladies turn right hand star and men turn left hand star full.
Ladies typically wear nice slacks, skirts, or dresses.
Ladies use both hands on skirt, moving skirt forward and back to avoid opposite dancer.
Ladies use handshake pull by for two ladies chain.
Ladies use the right hand to work the skirt.
Ladies view is at the park boundary.
Ladies walk in a measured gait, taking small gliding steps.
Ladies wanting to learn about headcovering are warmly welcome.
Ladies washing clothes in river.
Ladies washing clothes in stream.
Ladies watch features changeable leather bands in black, brown, red, blue and white.
Ladies watch with changeable green, red, silver, black and simulated diamond bezels.
Ladies watch with silver tone case and band studded with genuine marcasite stones and eight cameos.
Ladies wear ankle length skirts and sensible shoes.
Ladies wear dark slacks or dresses and men wear dress shirts with ties and dark slacks.
Ladies Wear Everything from cruisewear and sportswear to evening wear.
Ladies wear flowers in their hair.
Ladies wear formal evening gowns.
Ladies wear mostly modern ballgowns, and only debutantes wear white ballgowns.
Ladies wear red and yellow, the colors of the Vietnamese flag, and the men wear all black.
Ladies wear shoes.
Ladies wear slacks or casual skirts.
Ladies wear spring dresses.
Ladies wear tennis shoes.
Ladies wear very formal evening gowns.
Ladies wearing bustles and carrying parasols gaze out towards the water.
Ladies wigs in a variety of styles and colors.
Ladies work skirts with hands, right hand leading as right shoulders pass.
Lady isa woman.
Ladies always get in free, and so do men in drag.
Ladies often dance together when there are insufficient gentlemen.
Ladies often think that men staring at a woman with huge breast are pigs but come on.
Ladies sometimes go fishing too, and catch big fish like the Trevally being displayed here.
Ladies usually take quick glances.
Ladies usually wear cocktail dresses or long dresses.
All ladies are from the Midwest.
All ladies are seriously interested in leaving for marriage.
All ladies are welcome and babysitting is provided.
All ladies are welcome irrespective of church affiliation.
All ladies are welcome to attend the meetings and encouraged to help with projects as needed.
All ladies are welcome to attend.
All ladies are welcome.
All Ladies Are Welcome.
ALL ladies are welcome.
All ladies drink and eat for free.
All ladies get in free.
All Ladies Get In Free.
All ladies giving milk are to come early.
All ladies giving milk come early.
All ladies giving milk please come early.
All ladies giving milk, come early.
All ladies giving milk, please come early.
All ladies listed in our catalog are currently alone.
All ladies pictured above are currently available.
All ladies pictured here are currently available.
All ladies release sailfish tournament.
All ladies start with the right hand and alternate hands thereafter.
All ladies weekend.
All ladies welcome to chat or listen to music and to get up and dance if they wish.
All ladies welcome, hombres, come in and chill.
All ladies welcome.
Any ladies like to chat.
Any lady has something special features.
Every lady appearing on the web site is available.
Every lady deserves such luxuries.
Every lady is beautiful.
Many ladies actually underestimate the number of calories they're taking in.
Many ladies book only the cruises that have dance hosts.
Many ladies complain, after riding for a time, of a stinging sensation in the limbs and feet.
Many ladies find that scented candles on candle stands are romantic.
Many ladies go through a state of depression due to having an abortion.
Many ladies prefer to add a supportive canvas layer for support and tighter cinching.
Many ladies provide food for the sick and bereaved.
Many ladies show their customers a printed menu of activities, complete with prices.
Many ladies use their earnings to rally from a divorce or job loss.
Most ladies are afraid to make mittens.
Most ladies charge by the act, but some are willing to charge by the hour instead.
Most ladies have breathe tubes.
Most ladies have children.
Most ladies have e-mail or a phone for easy access.
Most ladies have tubes.
Most ladies join families.
Most ladies keep dogs.
Most ladies love homes.
Most ladies offer educational experience.
Most ladies offer excite educational experience.
Most ladies offer excite experience.
Most ladies offer experience.
Most ladies pass time.
Most ladies prefer it s functionality.
Most ladies see matter.
Most ladies send thoughts.
Most ladies serve purposes.
Most ladies tend to be very protective of their reputations.
Most ladies wear a short cocktail dress or a dressy pants outfit on formal nights.
Most ladies wear shoes.
Most ladies wear tennis shoes.
Some ladies always carry a fan.
Some ladies also enjoy using computers, and keep full-powered PCs in their rooms.
Some ladies are diagnosed with cancer.
Some ladies are diagnosed with lung cancer.
Some ladies are very stiff about having their servants' friends in the house overnight.
Some ladies ask for bottles.
Some ladies avoid it for fear of ruining their figures.
Some ladies begin destruction sprees.
Some ladies begin sprees.
Some ladies bring bread.
Some ladies bring homemade bread.
Some ladies buy parrots.
Some ladies can bring a guy up to the brink of orgasm and then stop, several times.
Some ladies can use up to five degrees of torque effectively.
Some ladies devour their prey directly.
Some ladies do therapy.
Some ladies eat carrots.
Some ladies eat oysters.
Some ladies feed pigeons.
Some ladies fight as well, displaying their own chivalric conduct.
Some ladies fight as well, displaying their own style of chivalric conduct.
Some ladies get gum.
Some ladies go to pet shops.
Some ladies go to shops.
Some ladies have great success.
Some ladies have success.
Some ladies have the motivation and drive to continue while others only have good intentions.
Some ladies inform newcomers.
Some ladies live for nights.
Some ladies lose husbands.
Some ladies love em and others hate it.
Some ladies love monkeys.
Some ladies make crocheted dresses, some make cheerleader outfits, some add hats and hair ribbons.
Some ladies pass pie plates.
Some ladies pass plates.
Some ladies raise chickens.
Some ladies raise civets.
Some ladies request tips after every party.
Some ladies sell chickens.
Some ladies sell oysters.
Some ladies share oysters.
Some ladies show a bit of cleavage in the dresses they wear.
Some ladies sit with their cats.
Some ladies smile, whisper to each other, nod, and others take notice too.
Some ladies stand on globes.
Some ladies take homes.
Some ladies travel thousands of miles for a chance to meet our tour participants.
Some ladies use juice.
Some ladies wear combs.
Some ladies wear seven of the latter on their dresses.
Some ladies wear such large combs.
Some ladies welcome servers.
Some ladies welcome students.
Some lady bugs land on hands.
Some lady needs to cry out as the wife of the son of the prophet.
Most ladybeetle eggs are in small clusters and can be found on the undersides of leaves.
A ladybeetle is a beetle
Ladybeetles are common examples of predators employed in biological control.
Ladybeetles eat lots of aphids, insect eggs, and other insects.
Ladybeetles prefer to overwinter in places like California, New Mexico, and Mexico.
Ladybeetles usually eat aphids and other small insect pests.
A ladybird beetle is a beetle
Ladybird beetles are also important predators and can destroy many eggs and larvae.
Ladybird beetles are beneficial because both the adults and larvae actively feed on aphids.
Ladybird beetles are very efficient predators of aphids, scales, and mites.
Some ladybird spiders live in burrows.
A ladybird is a beetle
Ladybird is a component of a cardiogenic pathway required for diversification of heart precursors.
Ladybird isa beetle.
Ladybird wants to pair lovely pets with lovely people.
Ladybirds are a very beneficial insect.
Ladybirds are brightly-coloured because they contain defensive toxic chemicals.
Ladybirds are found all over the world.
Ladybirds are known to hibernate once the warm summer weather begins to cool.
Ladybirds are rather sweet but centipedes are scary.
Ladybirds can also supplement their diet with fruits and vegetables.
Ladybirds certainly don t make a tasty snack for peckish birds.
Ladybirds eat aphids.
Ladybirds feed mainly on aphids.
Ladybirds feed on the aphids thus acting as a natural pesticide in potato crops.
Ladybirds have (part) air sacs.
Ladybirds have (part) brains.
Ladybirds have (part) carapaces.
Ladybirds have (part) cell membranes.
Ladybirds have (part) cells.
Ladybirds have (part) corpi.
Ladybirds have (part) cytoplasm.
Ladybirds have (part) ears.
Ladybirds have (part) faces.
Ladybirds have (part) flight feathers.
Ladybirds have (part) heads.
Ladybirds have (part) nuclei.
Ladybirds have (part) plasma membranes.
Ladybirds have (part) quill feathers.
Ladybirds have (part) sections.
Ladybirds have (part) shells.
Ladybirds have (part) skulls.
Ladybirds have (part) thoraxes.
Ladybirds have (part) vacuoles.
Ladybirds have short legs and antennas.
Ladybirds help gardeners by eating aphids.
Ladybirds lay extra infertile eggs with the fertile eggs.
Ladybirds lay hundreds of eggs in the colonies of aphids and other plant-eating pests.
Ladybirds make ideal on-farm predators since both larvae and adults feed on other insects.
Ladybirds primarily eat aphids, greenfly, plant-lice and other small insects .
All ladybirds can nip, but harlequins seem to bite more than others.
Many ladybirds hibernate, a common one sometimes coming forth in a warm room in midwinter.
Some ladybirds become gregarious during the winter and snuggle together in several hundreds.
Some ladybirds eat aphids.
Some ladybirds feed insects.
Some ladybirds feed on aphids.
Some ladybirds feed on mites.
Some ladybirds feed on red mites.
Some ladybirds feed on red spider mites.
Some ladybirds feed on spider mites.
Some ladybirds have ladybirds.
Some ladybirds have ranges.
Some ladybirds have spot ladybirds.
Some ladybirds have wide ranges.
Ladybug larvae go through several stages.
Ladybug larvae go through stages.
Most ladybug larvae go through several stages.
Most ladybug larvae go through stages.
A ladybug is a beetle
Ladybug isa beetle.
Ladybugs adapt to environments.
Ladybugs adore honey.
Ladybugs also consume mites and other soft-bodied insects.
Ladybugs also have a taste for thrips, mealy bugs and mites.
Ladybugs also have a tendency to play dead.
Ladybugs also have one other trick up their sleeve.
Ladybugs also have the ability to release foul-tasting liquid from their limbs.
Ladybugs also increase and provide some control when aphids are present.
Ladybugs also play dead when in danger because many predators won t eat an insect that doesn t move.
Ladybugs are a bit clumsy, though efficient enough, fliers.
Ladybugs are a common natural predator of aphids.
Ladybugs are a gardeners best friend because they eat the pests that damage vegetables and fruits.
Ladybugs are a natural predator of aphids and can be used to control aphids.
Ladybugs are a type of insect known as beetles.
Ladybugs are a well-known biological control used to suppress aphids.
Ladybugs are active during the day and go into a state of rest at night.
Ladybugs are active from spring to autumn.
Ladybugs are also one of the most useful insects.
Ladybugs are among our most beloved insects.
Ladybugs are among the most gifted aphid hunters around.
Ladybugs are attracted to light.
Ladybugs are attracted to water, meaning happy ladybugs stay and fight pests.
Ladybugs are available in our catalog.
Ladybugs are beetles .
Ladybugs are beetles.
Ladybugs are beetles.
Ladybugs are beneficial insects important in the biological control of several serious insect pests.
Ladybugs are blind to emerald light.
Ladybugs are both natural and beneficial in the garden.
Ladybugs are brightly colored due to the fact that they are poisonous.
Ladybugs are bugs.
Ladybugs are by far the most common and colorful groups of insects.
Ladybugs are colorful for a reason.
Ladybugs are easy to find in a park.
Ladybugs are everywhere.
Ladybugs are found all over the world, mainly in places where their food source thrives.
Ladybugs are found all over the world.
Ladybugs are found throughout the world, on every continent but Antarctica.
Ladybugs are great aphid hunters.
Ladybugs are great kid-friendly garden helpers.
Ladybugs are great.
Ladybugs are insects.
Ladybugs are loved by humans for their delicate and harmless nature.
Ladybugs are more common in middle and late spring as well as early summer.
Ladybugs are most active from spring until fall.
Ladybugs are natural enemies of aphids and scale.
Ladybugs are natural predators.
Ladybugs are now for sale by the pint, quart or gallon.
Ladybugs are omnivores that help farmers throughout the world by eating plant-eating insects.
Ladybugs are our mascot, they bring good luck.
Ladybugs are part of the natural system.
Ladybugs are particularly effective controls of aphids.
Ladybugs are predators.
Ladybugs are probably the most easily located.
Ladybugs are really only a pest by presence.
Ladybugs are revered by gardeners because of their wonderful diet - they eat aphids by the hundreds.
Ladybugs are sensitive to the strong odors of camphor and menthol.
Ladybugs are serial killers, carnivores that feast on aphids, caterpillars, and other crop munchers.
Ladybugs are small oval-shaped insects.
Ladybugs are small round beetles with short clubbed antennae.
Ladybugs are small, dome-shaped beetles.
Ladybugs are some of the friendliest insects.
Ladybugs are the most popular bug to introduce to a garden.
Ladybugs are very promiscuous and have several sexual partners.
Ladybugs are very thirsty from traveling in a bag for three to five days without any water to drink.
Ladybugs are vibrant and very identifiable insects and have a variety of different markings.
Ladybugs are voracious predators.
Ladybugs belong to families.
Ladybugs bleed from their knees when threatened.
Ladybugs breathe air.
Ladybugs breathe through openings on the sides of their bodies.
Ladybugs can also protect themselves by playing dead.
Ladybugs can be yellow, orange, or red with black spots.
Ladybugs can begin reproducing immediately with a good source of food and water.
Ladybugs can excrete some of their blood as a defense, which is mentioned above.
Ladybugs can excrete some of their blood as a defense.
Ladybugs can migrate in groups, mostly to search for food.
Ladybugs cause no plant damage at all and are sold in garden centers everywhere.
Ladybugs chew their food side to side.
Ladybugs come in all colors too.
Ladybugs come in different colors, varying from shades of red and orange to brown.
Ladybugs come in many colors like pink, yellow, white, orange and black.
Ladybugs come many colors and have different numbers of spots.
Ladybugs commonly climb up plants or children's fingers, then spread their wings and fly away.
Ladybugs consume various aphids, mites and flies.
Ladybugs control aphids, mealybug, scale and other sucking insects.
Ladybugs do a wonderful job of eating thousands of garden pests.
Ladybugs eat aphids and other tiny pests that harm vegetables and flowers.
Ladybugs eat aphids.
Ladybugs eat aphids.
Ladybugs eat insects.
Ladybugs eat many damaging insects both in gardens and on farms.
Ladybugs eat plants and other insects.
Ladybugs eat smaller insects.
Ladybugs eat the aphids, and blue jays eat the grasshoppers and ladybugs.
Ladybugs emerge from their containers thirsty as well as hungry.
Ladybugs enter through cracks around windows, doors, siding, pipes, and other openings.
Ladybugs feed chiefly on aphids and scale insects.
Ladybugs feed chiefly on plant lice and scale insects.
Ladybugs feed mainly on aphids.
Ladybugs feed on aphids and other small soft-bodied insects.
Ladybugs feed on aphids, small worms, and a variety of insect eggs.
Ladybugs feed on aphids.
Ladybugs feed on insects.
Ladybugs feed on spider mites.
Ladybugs generally complete their life cycle within one year.
Ladybugs get no respect in the human world.
Ladybugs have (part) air sacs.
Ladybugs have (part) brains.
Ladybugs have (part) carapaces.
Ladybugs have (part) cell membranes.
Ladybugs have (part) cells.
Ladybugs have (part) corpi.
Ladybugs have (part) cytoplasm.
Ladybugs have (part) ears.
Ladybugs have (part) faces.
Ladybugs have (part) flight feathers.
Ladybugs have (part) heads.
Ladybugs have (part) nuclei.
Ladybugs have (part) plasma membranes.
Ladybugs have (part) quill feathers.
Ladybugs have (part) sections.
Ladybugs have (part) shells.
Ladybugs have (part) skulls.
Ladybugs have (part) thoraxes.
Ladybugs have (part) vacuoles.
Ladybugs have a bad taste instead of a sting.
Ladybugs have a fondness for euonymus, marigolds, tansy, and yarrow.
Ladybugs have a particular fancy for highly reflective colors.
Ladybugs have a shield, called a pronotum, that protects their necks from enemies such as ants.
Ladybugs have a unique protective system.
Ladybugs have a voracious appetite and eat aphids, mites and other soft, small insects.
Ladybugs have air.
Ladybugs have an average lifespan of two to three years in the wild.
Ladybugs have fragile wings.
Ladybugs have joint legs.
Ladybugs have keen instincts and feel vibrations through their legs.
Ladybugs have legs.
Ladybugs have parasites.
Ladybugs have sharp instincts and feel vibrations through their legs.
Ladybugs have six legs and keep their wings tucked away until they are ready to fly.
Ladybugs have spots.
Ladybugs have three ways of defending themselves.
Ladybugs have two ocelli, or simple eyes.
Ladybugs have very large appetites.
Ladybugs have wings hidden under their hard orange backs.
Ladybugs have wings.
Ladybugs help control aphids and are always a favorite of everyone's.
Ladybugs help gardeners and farmers by consuming huge numbers of plant-eating insects.
Ladybugs hibernate during the winter.
Ladybugs hibernate from winter to spring.
Ladybugs hibernate in large groups in cold weather.
Ladybugs infest buildings.
Ladybugs inhabit many places in the world.
Ladybugs invading the home can be quite a nuisance.
Ladybugs keep gardens healthy by feasting on plant-damaging aphids.
Ladybugs kill adult mites.
Ladybugs kill mites.
Ladybugs kill spider mites.
Ladybugs lay eggs on leaves.
Ladybugs lay hundreds of eggs in the colonies of aphids and other plant-eating pests.
Ladybugs like to make fashion statements.
Ladybugs live in a wide variety of habitats.
Ladybugs live in fields and yards, especially in gardens and on plants.
Ladybugs live in more temperate regions.
Ladybugs live in regions.
Ladybugs live in temperate regions.
Ladybugs live on aphids and other insect pests of crops and garden flowers.
Ladybugs love to dine on aphids and can devour hundreds in a short time.
Ladybugs love to eat garden pests.
Ladybugs love to eat scale insects , white flies, mites, and aphids.
Ladybugs mainly live in shrubs, trees, fields, gardens and sometimes in homes.
Ladybugs mate for several hours at a time without stopping.
Ladybugs move by flying and by walking.
Ladybugs move indoors, too, to stay warm.
Ladybugs multiply rapidly.
Ladybugs normally are considered beneficial since they live outdoors and feed on plant pests.
Ladybugs only prey on aphids, for instance.
Ladybugs parade up the tree of life.
Ladybugs practice cannibalism.
Ladybugs prefer surroundings with high humidity or continuous access to water droplets.
Ladybugs prefer to dine on aphids.
Ladybugs prey on aphids and are a symbol of good luck.
Ladybugs really work, and they are safe for the environment.
Ladybugs release a small amount of their blood which is yellow and smells, when they sense danger.
Ladybugs release blood.
Ladybugs reproduce sexually, the male attaches to the back of the female as they mate.
Ladybugs reproduce sexually.
Ladybugs reside where insect pest populations are high.
Ladybugs seek shelter.
Ladybugs spend the spring and summer in the trees feeding on aphids.
Ladybugs spend the winter in large groups under loose bark, in cracks in wood, or even indoors.
Ladybugs swarm in summer on plants growing on the cinder cone.
Ladybugs tend to crawl up and toward light.
Ladybugs tend to lay their eggs where food is abundant.
Ladybugs use front legs.
Ladybugs use legs.
Ladybugs use their spiracles by expanding the muscles in their abdomens.
Ladybugs walk on short legs, which tuck away under the body.
Ladybugs often like to crawl around on a scrunchies to get exercise.
Ladybugs usually stay larvae for three or four weeks, enough time to do some serious chowing down.
All ladybugs progress through a four-stage life cycle known as complete metamorphosis .
All ladybugs progress through a four-stage life cycle known as complete metamorphosis.
Many ladybugs eat and control whiteflies.
Most ladybugs adapt to environments.
Most ladybugs are helpful to gardeners.
Most ladybugs are predators with ravenous appetites for aphids and other soft-bodied insects.
Most ladybugs are predators.
Most ladybugs belong to families.
Most ladybugs eat aphids.
Most ladybugs eat insects.
Most ladybugs feed on aphids.
Most ladybugs feed on insects.
Most ladybugs have air.
Most ladybugs have fragile wings.
Most ladybugs have joint legs.
Most ladybugs have legs.
Most ladybugs have oval, dome-shaped bodies with six short legs.
Most ladybugs have parasites.
Most ladybugs have spots.
Most ladybugs have wings.
Most ladybugs kill adult mites.
Most ladybugs kill mites.
Most ladybugs kill spider mites.
Most ladybugs live in more temperate regions.
Most ladybugs live in regions.
Most ladybugs live in temperate regions.
Most ladybugs release blood.
Most ladybugs seek shelter.
Most ladybugs use front legs.
Most ladybugs use legs.
Some ladybugs also feed on plants.
Some ladybugs can survive all winter under several inches of snow.
Some ladybugs cause allergic symptoms.
Some ladybugs cause symptoms.
Some ladybugs consume aphids.
Some ladybugs consume plants.
Some ladybugs crawl on coffee tables.
Some ladybugs crawl on tables.
Some ladybugs eat pests.
Some ladybugs eat plant pests.
Some ladybugs emerge from pupas.
Some ladybugs enter homes.
Some ladybugs feed on pests.
Some ladybugs get water.
Some ladybugs go into states.
Some ladybugs have orange.
Some ladybugs have pheromone.
Some ladybugs have several techniques.
Some ladybugs have stages.
Some ladybugs have techniques.
Some ladybugs invade homes.
Some ladybugs land on hands.
Some ladybugs land on heads.
Some ladybugs live up to years.
Some ladybugs migrate.
Some ladybugs use antennas.
A ladyfinger is a biscuit
Ladyfingers are available at Italian markets and some specialty stores.
Ladyfingers is a blast, plain and simple.
A laelia is an orchid
Laelias seem to grow good mounted.
LAER policy calls for more open source categories that maximize technology transfer.
Laestadian values signify a total dichotomization.
Laewest soils are moderately well drained.
A lag bolt is a screw
Lag bolts are very coarse threaded bolts used primarily by contractors.
Lag phases depend on conditions.
Lag phases depend on growth conditions.
Most lag phases depend on conditions.
Most lag phases depend on growth conditions.
A lag screw is a screw
Lag screws are most appropriate for oblique fractures.
Lag screws attach the chrome-finished steel ring to decks or truck beds.
Lag time can hamper fiscal policy effectiveness.
Lag time can have an impact even when there's no precipitation.
Lag time can refer to various time periods.
Lag time is a thing of the past that patients are finding harder to accept.
Lag time is always an issue with a bimonthly publication.
Lag time is different than time of concentration.
Lag time is in months.
Lag time is the pits.
Lag times vary but are usually non-existent.
A lag is a delay
LAGs appear bright under ordinary transmitted light and highly birefringent under polarised light.
Lags are companies.
Lags are delays between servers communicating to each other.
Lags are in days with positive lags corresponding to observations leading model results.
Lags are integer numbers of time units, at which the given coefficients are applied.
LAGs are more birefringent than either annuli or growth zones.
Any lag is barely noticeable except when downloading large files.
Many Lags have names that are taken from the major community or feature in their area.
Some lag is also apparent in drafting, again it is more noticable with multiple elements selected.
Lage also sells global positioning system receivers and field mapping software.
Lage Located on the riverside, it is the only hotel in Seoul that has casino, which is open all day.
Lager yeast is very delicate yeast.
Lager yeasts are bottom fermenting, operating best, slowly, at low temperature.
Many lager yeasts give off a sulfur-like aroma during primary fermentation.
A lager is a camp
Lagers add a slight bitterness and complement sweeter style sausages.
Lagers also tend to use fewer hops in the process than ales.
Lagers are aged longer than ales.
Lagers are beers that utilize a bottom fermenting yeast, which function at cool temperatures.
Lagers are beers.
Lagers are fermented at cooler temperatures whereas ales are fermented at warmer temperatures.
Lagers are for breakfast only.
Lagers are generally beers made with bottom Fermenting yeasts.
Lagers are light beers.
Lagers are lighter and softer than ales, and taste better chilled.
Lagers are usually drunk while they are cold .
Lagers are usually drunk while they are cold.
Lagers are usually quite malty and pair well with baked onions and caramelized flavors.
Lagers raise the maternal brewster's instincts to new heights.
Lagers require a few weeks to a few months aging to mature properly.
Lagers take far longer to ferment and age than ales.
Lagers tend to taste smooth, clean and malty.
All lagers improve with a few weeks to a few months cold aging.
A lagger is an idler
Lagger drills a three from the corner.
Lagger drives the hoop for two.
Laggers react, recoil and retreat.
Laggings are insulating materials.
Lago courses are famous in the international golfing world.
A lagomorph is a mammal
Lagomorphs are distinctive in that they have a second set of incisors.
Lagomorphs are placentals.
Lagomorphs eat only vegetation.
Lagomorphs have long ears, a short tail, and wide-set eyes.
Lagomorphs have teeth similar to rodents, with four continuously growing incisors.
All lagomorphs are terrestrial.
A lagoon is a lake
Lagoon isa lake.
Lagoon noisily dream to mound.
Lagoon views from walk-out balconies complement the cuisine.
Lagoons are also present behind reefs, or in the center of atolls.
Lagoons are an improvement on primary sedimentation.
Lagoons are bodies of water on the landward side of barrier islands.
Lagoons are bodies of water.
Lagoons are important bird nesting sites and provide nurseries for fish.
Lagoons are lakes.
Lagoons are man-made containment ponds for fecal waste.
Lagoons are natural things.
Lagoons are particularly vulnerable to the development of towns or cities around their edge.
Lagoons burst with the sounds of bird life.
Lagoons can also provide a source of flush water.
Lagoons can become host to an anaerobic environment.
Lagoons create odors.
Lagoons form natural aquarium of brilliantly colored tropical fish.
Lagoons gradually fill in, get shallower, and become salt marshes.
Lagoons have (part) gaps.
Lagoons have extremely variable water chemistry depending on climate.
Lagoons have to river input.
Lagoons meet both storage and treatment objectives in one structure.
Lagoons require seven or eight gallons of dilution per gallon of slurry.
Lagoons separating barrier islands from the mainland are examples.
Most lagoons are quite deep and waterski type flotation devices are available if required.
Some lagoons are very obvious and located just off the main river channel.
Some lagoons have anglers.
Some lagoons have levels.
Some lagoons support fisheries that are very important for the island.
Lagoonal sediments are dominantly medium gray silts with variations of clay and sand.
Lagrange points are locations in space where objects sent there tend to stay put.
Lagrange points are where gravitational forces and the speed of motion of a body are in balance.
Lagrangean approaches lead to the study of special matching problems on bipartite graphs.
Lagrangean surrogate bounds.
Lagrangian dynamics is a valuable precursor to honours-level studies in theoretical physics.
Lagrangian mechanics is included.
Lagrangian methods measure flow by tracking a float position as the current carries it.
Laguiole knives are a real good example.
Laguna Beach has some of the best diving spots in Southern California.
Laguna Beach houses a large artist's community.
Laguna Beach is a good example.
Laguna Beach is a small community in Orange County known for the Sawdust Art Festival.
Laguna Beach is a unique artist s colony in a beautiful, seaside setting.
Laguna Beach is a world famous center for artists and craftsmen.
Laguna Beach is also less than a light year away.
Laguna Beach is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Laguna Beach is rich in local history, art, culture, and natural beauty.
Laguna Beach is the best place to live.
Laguna Beach offers a wide array of hotels for traveling visitors.
Laguna Beach offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Laguna Beach offers much in the way of museums, attractions, sports.
Laguna Beach prides itself on a wide variety of restaurants sure to please anyone s tastes.
Laguna Beach shows no signs of slowing down.
Laguna Creek does have community college courses on campus.
A lahar is an avalanche
Lahars are accumulations of unconsolidated materials on the flanks of volcanoes.
Lahars are avalanches.
Lahars are debris flows that originate on volcanoes.
Lahars are incredibly fast moving and cause great damage .
Lahars are mud flows that are produced by loose soil and rock flowing down the side of a volcano.
Lahars are mudflows associated with volcanoes.
Lahars are mudflows flowing at very fast pace.
Lahars are mudflows on the slopes of volcanoes, often accompanying eruptions.
Lahars are mudflows that are composed of volcanic debris and water.
Lahars are volcanic mudflows.
Lahars can be of any size.
Lahars can cause destruction on a massive scale.
Lahars can form in a variety of ways, either during an eruption or when a volcano is quiet.
Lahars can occur with or without a volcanic eruption.
Lahars can transform into regular floods as they become increasingly diluted with water downstream.
Lahars can vary from hot to cold, depending on their mode of genesis.
Lahars containing a high percentage of rock debris look like fast-moving rivers of concrete.
Lahars entering lakes or reservoirs can cause large waves.
Lahars move rapidly down valleys like rivers of concrete.
Lahars occur during and after the eruption.
Lahars represent the greatest hazard, followed by tephra fall.
Lahars always come from explosive volcanoes, spraying magma.
Some lahars can be quite hot, if they are generated as a result of eruptions of hot tephra.
Some lahars contain so much rock debris that they look like fast-moving rivers of wet concrete.
Lahontan cutthroat are obligate but opportunistic stream spawners.
Lahontan cutthroat prefer cold water lakes and rivers and feed on insects and smaller fish.
Laid finish is a grid of parallel lines simulating the surface of handmade paper.
Laid foundations have to be anchored.
Laid line is composed of three twisted strands, a design which has withstood the test of time.
Laid rope has a tendency to untwist and stretch as weight is placed on it.
Laid rope is simple to splice or knot and offers good strength.
Laid work consists of long, evenly spaced stitches taken across each area to form a grid.
A laird is a landowner
Lairds continue to be the lentil of choice in world markets.
A laity is mass
Laities are multitudes.
Laity are more evenly divided.
Laity are part of the priesthood.
Laity are the cutting edge of the church s mission.
Laity are welcome to be included on the mailing list.
Laity can change that culture.
Laity can make the leap from the world of organized faith to searching faith better than clergy.
Laity is the first order mentioned in our catechism.
Laity means the church - the laity.
Laity now have an understanding of their gifts, and feel a call to ministry.
Laity prepare election document.
Laity takes primary initiative and responsibility.
Many laity have a deep sense of service, of being servant.
LakbayTV crews are constantly on location.
A lake bed is a bed
Most lake beds are organic muck, but some are sandy.
Lake breezes are a frequent feature of summer weather in southern Ontario.
Lake breezes keep things fresh, even when the mercury hits the low eighties.
Lake breezes make it feel much cooler on the water, especially late in the afternoon.
Lake Canyon is interesting.
Lake Central is accessible from two major interstates.
Lake chubs are mostly carnivorous, feeding on aquatic insects and small crustaceans.
Lake chubs can be extremely abundant in good habitat and often form large schools.
Lake City boasts the largest small boat marina on the Mississippi River.
Lake City brings three devastating pitchers into the postseason.
Lake City has to offer.
Lake City is a good location.
Lake City is a good place to raise kids.
Lake City is a great little town.
Lake City is a large area full of lakes.
Lake City is a small town located at the intersection of two major expressways.
Lake City is a suburb of Seattle.
Lake City is an ideal area for retirement, or working and raising kids .
Lake City is divided into four voting precincts.
Lake City is in charge of all arrangements.
Lake City is located in Anderson County Tennessee.
Lake City is nice and funky.
Lake City is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Lake City is planned as an addition to an existing library.
Lake City is such a fine town to be born and raised in.
Lake City is the only town and it is a paradise for nature lovers.
Lake City needs a good eatin' place.
Lake City offers a wide array of hotels for traveling visitors.
Lake City offers lots of very affordable homes.
Lake City offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Lake cliffs are home to kestrels, fulmar petrels and swifts and cormorants can sometimes be seen.
Lake County Continues.
Lake County has a local facility.
Lake County has a vacancy for a health care purchaser to serve a two-year term.
Lake County has an additional one percent use tax.
Lake County has mild weather with a full four seasons and clean air.
Lake County has much to offer young families, retirees and the corporate workforce.
Lake County has nine cities, nine villages and five townships.
Lake County has several lakes and rivers for boating including Lake Michigan.
Lake County has the best high school graduation rate in Metro Orlando.
Lake County has very nice, detailed maps of their trails.
Lake County helps make township assessors' jobs easier with new digital mapping products .
Lake County is a family resort community.
Lake County is a rural county in the Northern California Coast Ranges.
Lake County is a single-county waste district.
Lake County is also rich in history.
Lake County is anxious to support growth in agriculture.
Lake County is at a crossroads.
Lake County is correct.
Lake County is in the North Coast Region.
Lake County is located on the high desert in south-central Oregon.
Lake County is more than a marathon.
Lake County is on the migratory path a lot of bird life.
Lake County is one of California's best kept secrets.
Lake County is one of the best kept secrets in Northwest Michigan.
Lake County is one of the fastest growing large county in the state.
Lake County is one of the five most impoverished counties in the state of California.
Lake County is one of the top ten fastest growing counties in the United States.
Lake County is one of thirteen sites nation wide.
Lake County is one such place.
Lake County is rich in educational opportunities.
Lake County is situated in south central Oregon.
Lake County is susceptible to tornados, flooding, winter storms and earthquakes.
Lake County is the second largest County in the State and continues to grow and prosper.
Lake County is to the west.
Lake County needs to expand service throughout the county.
Lake County offers a scenic route between Grand Rapids and Traverse City.
Lake County offers a wide variety of activities and is a well established vacation destination.
Lake County offers an incredible assortment of activities.
Lake County offers many real estate options.
Lake County operates a school for mentally handicapped children.
Lake County plans to be ready to assist the lobby team when requested to do so.
Lake County publishes several informational pieces during the course of the year.
Lake County reserves the right to fill positions prior to the closing date.
Lake Creek is a clearwater stream with plenty of good campsites along the way.
Lake Creek is a demanding float mentaly and physically at certain flows.
Lake Creek is accessible on paved highways or by air.
Lake Dal is the perfect getaway from the heat, crowds, and chaos of India.
Lake Delta leaves city fire station.
Lake Earl is about to get the attention it deserves.
Lake ecosystems are a prime example of lentic ecosystems.
Lake effect snowstorms occur in places.
Lake Effect performs at community, university, and alumni functions throughout the year.
Lake effect snows from Lake Erie are very rare.
Lake effect snows in the Buffalo area are legendary.
Lake effects result in rapidly changing weather patterns.
Lake fish feed in the shallows but spend more and more time in deep water as summer progresses.
Lake floors are now the heartland of agriculture.
Lake frontage is sea wall type with ladder leading into water.
Lake Geneva is a longtime favorite of the Chicago and Northern Illinois residents.
Lake Geneva is a quaint resort town offering many shops and restaurant options.
Lake Geneva is half an hour away for swimming, boating and steamer trips and golf.
Lake Geneva is in Southeastern Wisconsin, ten miles north of the Illinois state line.
Lake Geneva is the largest vacationer's destination in Southern Wisconsin.
Lake Geneva is wild today.
Lake Geneva offers so much, so near.
Lake Geneva Welcome to Lake Geneva.
Lake genevas are lakes.
Lake Heron is arguably the most important wetland wildlife habitat left in the South Island.
Lake Holiday adds about two thousand people to our town.
Lake ice is often stronger than river ice, because currents moving under river ice can weaken it.
Lake ice is sufficiently thick to provide working surface for underwater investigations.
Lake Isle offers swimming and diving team participation.
Lake Jasper is the largest freshwater lake in the south-west of Western Australia.
Lake Jean offers anglers warm water game fish and pan fish.
Lake Lake is a body of water surrounded by land.
Lake level forecasts four months into the future are more art than science.
Lake level is high.
Lake level is low.
Lake level is still approx.
Lake level rises.
Lake Limestone is an often overlooked crappie and blue catfish hotspot.
Lake Linden is located in Houghton County Michigan.
Lake Park is a suburb of West Palm Beach.
Lake Park is available as well.
Lake Park is located in beautiful South Florida.
Lake Park is located on six acres of gardens adjacent to the beautiful Blackburn Lake Sanctuary.
Lake Park provides residential garbage pickup two times a week.
Lake Region is pleased with the results.
Lake Ridge is to be given a well deserved pat on the back for their junior instruction programs.
Lake sediments are expressions of past landscapes.
Lake sediments covered by a basaltic blanket contain a larger number of well preserved fossils.
Lake sediments preserve records of past changes in terrestrial and aquatic environments.
Lake shores resemble small towns as lanterns and bonfires are lit.
Lake side has lots of glass.
Lake source cooling is an excellent opportunity to put that sentiment into practice.
Lake sources rely on long, deep intakes to obtain the best possible raw water.
Lake sports are, of course, a few steps away.
Lake State is more than a place for an education.
Lake sturgeon are a Vermont-listed endangered species.
Lake sturgeon are some of the longest-lived and slowest to mature freshwater fish species.
Lake sturgeon grow larger and live longer than any other fish in Wisconsin.
Lake sturgeon have no scales, but numerous bony plates on the back, sides, and belly.
Lake sturgeon have sharp, cone-shaped mouths with four smooth barbels on the underside.
Lake sturgeon is sturgeon.
Lake suite has a whirlpool tub.
Lake Superior agates formed in the cavities left by gas escaping the cooling lava.
Lake Superior becomes home to many dedicated ice fisherman.
Lake Superior becomes the heel of the track which portrays a scene of running wolves.
Lake Superior can be quite comfortable when the north winds bring surface water ashore.
Lake Superior can often be rough, misty and rainy.
Lake Superior has some, and alot of the rivers have many nice sized browns.
Lake Superior holds one tenth of all the fresh water on earth.
Lake Superior is a big, cold, dark lake.
Lake Superior is a constant source of wonder.
Lake Superior is a favorite paddling destination.
Lake Superior is a fifteen minute drive to the east or west.
Lake Superior is a premier spot.
Lake Superior is a state park now.
Lake Superior is about one mile east of the park.
Lake Superior is among the most pristine of the world's freshwater systems.
Lake Superior is an incredibly clean and clear lake.
Lake Superior is as beautiful as it is harsh no matter what season.
Lake Superior is barely visible in the distance.
Lake Superior is different.
Lake Superior is ever present, sometimes rolling, sometimes raging.
Lake Superior is famous for violent weather.
Lake Superior is frozen well out from shore, although there are cracks and open areas.
Lake Superior is however the largest freshwater lake in the world.
Lake Superior is in the background.
Lake Superior is in walking distance and very close in view.
Lake Superior is indisputably one of the world's most magnificent natural treasures.
Lake Superior is large enough to cover all of the other great lakes.
Lake Superior is larger than any of the four smallest Central American nations.
Lake Superior is Minnesota's great lake.
Lake Superior is notorious for sudden weather changes.
Lake Superior is one of our nation's greatest resources.
Lake Superior is one of the Earth's greatest treasures.
Lake Superior is open ended in the west.
Lake Superior is our Specimen Lake.
Lake Superior is probably the only freshwater lake with conditions somewhat resembling Lake Huron.
Lake Superior is really a sea, because it is so huge.
Lake Superior is still wide open, even in front of Duluth Harbor.
Lake Superior is the deepest Great Lake.
Lake Superior is the largest and most impressive.
Lake Superior is the largest body of fresh water in the world.
Lake Superior is the largest body of freshwater in the nation.
Lake Superior is the largest body of freshwater in the world.
Lake Superior is the largest expanse of fresh water in the world.
Lake Superior is the largest freshwater lake in the world.
Lake Superior is the largest, deepest and coldest.
Lake Superior is the least polluted of the five lakes.
Lake Superior is the least polluted, and Lake Ontario is the most polluted.
Lake Superior is the second largest lake in the world.
Lake Superior is two inches above last year's level.
Lake Superior is unique.
Lake Superior is visible at the river mouth to the north.
Lake Superior is visible at the top of the frame.
Lake Superior juts into the image from the right, like a hand in profile.
Lake Superior seems far more like an ocean than a lake.
Lake Superior shows the upper harbor breakwall lighthouse in Marquette during a fall storm.
Lake Superior stands alone.
Lake superiors are lakes.
Lake swimming can be most enjoyable.
Lake swimming is another thing.
Lake swimming is available on a sandy beach .
Lake swimming is available.
Lake Traverse is in the background.
A lake trout is a freshwater fish
Lake trout are a coldwater species found throughout Canada.
Lake trout are big fish, and when their numbers are low, they can eat pretty much what they please.
Lake trout are big game fish.
Lake trout are generally resistant to whirling disease.
Lake trout are harder to find, but are big and tasty.
Lake trout are near the bottom.
Lake trout are often most active at dawn or dusk.
Lake trout are the most popular game fish in Flathead Lake.
Lake trout continue to be thicker than bugs on a bumper.
Lake trout feed in deeper waters.
Lake trout feed on alewives, smelt, chubs and sculpins.
Lake trout feed on fish, insects, crustaceans and plankton.
Lake trout grow large in some lakes in the region.
Lake trout have a deeply forked tail and light markings on their silver-gray body.
Lake trout have different spawning habits than other New York State trout.
Lake trout inhabit deeper water during mid-summer and therefore are more difficult to catch.
Lake trout is a resident of the deep.
Lake trout is a specialty.
Lake trout live only in very clear lakes with cold, well-oxygenated deep water.
Lake trout migrate up-lake during winter, then come back down in spring.
Lake trout occur in the larger lakes.
Lake trout prefer deep and cold lakes.
Lake trout remain active.
Lake trout require cold, clear, well oxygenated water.
Lake trout require specific environmental conditions for their survival.
Lake trout seem to be more sensitive than salmon.
Lake trout tend to be very active and they can school up pretty good.
Lake trouts are fish.
Lake trouts are freshwater fish.
Lake trouts are part of lake trouts.
Lake trouts are trouts.
Lake users are especially concerned about new growth's effect on water quality and supply.
Lake Vanda is below sea-level so the water runs into the lake instead of to the ocean.
Lake views abound.
Lake views are available.
Lake Village has one of the oldest black churches in Arkansas.
Lake Village is a city in Chicot County , Arkansas , United States.
Lake Village is located in the extreme southeastern part of the state in Chicot County .
Many lake visitors rely on KAXE for family entertainment.
A lake whitefish is a whitefish
Lake whitefish are very numerous.
Lake Worth is just south of West Palm Beach.
Lake Worth is located in north-central Texas.
Lake Worth is located in Palm Beach County Florida.
Lake Worth is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Lake Worth is one of the most established communities in all of Florida.
Lake Worth is reportedly back to normal levels, and even above normal in some cases.
Lake Worth is south of West Palm Beach.
Lake Worth is the city just south of West Palm Beach.
Lake Worth is the farthest East point on the Florida coast.
Lake Worth is the town immediately south of West Palm Beach, the county seat.
Lake Worth is used for recreational activities and to generate hydroelectricity.
Lake Worth leads by example.
A lake is water
Lake assigns two to three students to an elementary class.
Lake bend Holiday during few task upon most ninety.
Lake continues to rise after a two-foot jump over the weekend.
Lake does receive heavy pressure.
Lake enjoy below several nail however flee notre dame poster.
Lake fly fishing encompasses many often overlooked advantages to the angler.
Lake freezes in romantic tale,'Mrs.
Lake gives life.
Lake is approx.
Lake is clear of snow.
Lake is in fair shape.
Lake is on former ore company land.
Lake is on the south side of road approx.
Lake is on the south.
Lake is stable.
Lake isa waters.
Lake likens a syrah to a pinot noir with guts and color.
Lake lists the following reasons for containment of Iran.
Lake needs fish stocked.
Lake needs to be careful.
Lake offers camping, picnicking and summertime fishing.
Lake offers exceptional opportunities for vacationing.
Lake offers fishing, swimming, hiking.
Lake offers greater isolation than most other lakes in the region.
Lake offers largemouth bass, white bass, crappie and catfish.
Lake produces more dust than any other single source in North America.
Lake receives fairly heavy fishing pressure.
Lake rises two feet.
Lake serves as co-chair of the company's global advisory board and as a director.
Lake shows up on road atlas.
Lake spend Skin across five for all pro audio review also be near that roast.
Lake takes any gif or jpg and puts it behind a virtual lake.
Lake tell Eighteen after most hen inside that sight.
Lake view possible with some tree removal.
Lake wins a landslide victory in the presidential election.
Lakes abhor all excesses created by humans.
Lakes abound, and are identifiable in winter only by an absence of trees on the snow.
Lakes act as history books, recording the events that impact a region over time.
Lakes affect weather conditions over a large area.
Lakes also constitute habitats for a variety of birds, fishes and other aquatic life.
Lakes also lose water to ground water sources.
Lakes also teaches courses in the choreography sequence.
Lakes are a bit different.
Lakes are a cornerstone of the good life in Minnesota.
Lakes are a critically important component of the state's environmental and economic health.
Lakes are a great place to take small children.
Lakes are a little glitchy, for example.
Lakes are a recurrent feature of the landscape.
Lakes are a surprisingly rare phenomenon in nature.
Lakes are a transitional and short-term phenomena.
Lakes are a tremendous economic resource to their communities.
Lakes are about edges, orifices.
Lakes are abundant even above treeline.
Lakes are alive with geese and ducks, sometimes hidden by early morning mists.
Lakes are also common along slow-moving rivers and in low areas near the sea.
Lakes are also in danger.
Lakes are also popular recreational locations.
Lakes are an essential source of water in the United States.
Lakes are another highlight of Poland.
Lakes are at the same elevation, in the same way conductors are at the same potential.
Lakes are better fly fished in the cooler water periods in spring and fall.
Lakes are bodies of water.
Lakes are bodieses of water.
Lakes are calm with well marked portage trails and wonderful scenery and wildlife.
Lakes are clean, fishing is incredible.
Lakes are cold.
Lakes are common in higher glaciated areas.
Lakes are common on the outwash plain.
Lakes are common though.
Lakes are common, especially in glaciated areas.
Lakes are common.
Lakes are complex and dynamic systems with highly individual characteristics.
Lakes are crucial for discharging and storing flood water.
Lakes are deep and clear, and hold trophy size fish.
Lakes are deep with permanent water, regularly supplied with an inflow of water.
Lakes are different from south to north, from weedy to sandy.
Lakes are dispersible in vegetable oil and thus can be mixed with fats, etc.
Lakes are down and some have even dried up.
Lakes are dry.
Lakes are easily accessible.
Lakes are especially numerous in the region.
Lakes are favorable environments for fossilization processes to take place.
Lakes are generally larger and deeper than ponds.
Lakes are green but the majority aren t unusually low.
Lakes are important sources of drinking water, electricity and water for irrigation.
Lakes are in blue and marshes in green.
Lakes are large bodies of inland water.
Lakes are larger and deeper than most ponds.
Lakes are like animals in that they are born, grow, then die.
Lakes are located in countries.
Lakes are located in countrysides.
Lakes are located in dead bodies.
Lakes are located in forests.
Lakes are located in mountains.
Lakes are located in parks.
Lakes are located in state parks.
Lakes are more numerous in the southern portion of the area.
Lakes are mostly of glacial origin, small in area but often deep.
Lakes are numerous among the relatively barren.
Lakes are numerous.
Lakes are part of the diversity of native habitats in Vermont.
Lakes are particularly difficult to identify in easel paintings.
Lakes are pigment.
Lakes are plentiful in some areas and absent in others.
Lakes are predominant in the ecoregion.
Lakes are present, although the Regents have caused three to be filled.
Lakes are pretty much frozen over, most are safe to cross.
Lakes are rare.
Lakes are rather ephemeral features.
Lakes are relatively short-lived features on the geologic time scale.
Lakes are safe and well marked.
Lakes are sites.
Lakes are skies pieces placed in the Earth.
Lakes are small bodies of liquid.
Lakes are stations.
Lakes are still frozen, but most moving waters are once again running free, either muddied or clear.
Lakes are temporary storage areas for water.
Lakes are the combination of dyes and insoluble material .
Lakes are the combination of dyes and insoluble material.
Lakes are the major water source for Palm Beach County.
Lakes are the water insoluble form of the dye.
Lakes are therefore a kind of colour that can be solidified.
Lakes are used for boating.
Lakes are used for diving.
Lakes are used for fish.
Lakes are used for fishing.
Lakes are used for fun.
Lakes are used for recreation.
Lakes are used for row boats.
Lakes are used for sailing.
Lakes are used for storing water.
Lakes are used for water skiing.
Lakes are usually the best fishing areas.
Lakes are very common on the end moraines and some of the outwash plains.
Lakes are well suited for a number of types of fishing.
Lakes attract ducks.
Lakes attract geese.
Lakes attract waterfowls.
Lakes become meadows.
Lakes bioaccumulate differently.
Lakes blanket the area and streams cut through, offering great casting opportunities.
Lakes can also be man-made or natural.
Lakes can also be valuable indicators of near- surface groundwater conditions.
Lakes can also form in volcanic calderas.
Lakes can be nearly uniformly round, or they can be irregularly shaped.
Lakes can be well-stocked with carp and tench.
Lakes can become aged by the over fertilization.
Lakes can die.
Lakes can dry up.
Lakes can flood too, given enough rainfall.
Lakes can form where landslides dam stream valleys.
Lakes can have pond-like areas.
Lakes can hold good numbers of redfish during the summer months.
Lakes can lose more heat at night and wind can mix up the water layers.
Lakes can stretch to thousands of square kilometers in size.
Lakes can vary greatly in area, depth, and water type.
Lakes cater to boating, sailing, water skiing and wind surfing enthusiasts.
Lakes come in second, and are monitored by one-third of the programs.
Lakes commonly occupy the depressions created by sinkhole collapse.
Lakes consist of layers that differ in chemical composition, illumination and temperature.
Lakes constantly undergo evolutionary change, reflecting the changes that occur in their watersheds.
Lakes constitute an important component of freshwater resources.
Lakes contain fish.
Lakes cover about three percent of Earth's continental area.
Lakes cover more than a sixth of Uganda.
Lakes cover much of southwestern Labrador.
Lakes create little worlds of their own.
Lakes differ radically from seas, most notably in their isolation and oxygenation.
Lakes dot the Swedish countryside, which is relatively flat.
Lakes eliminate color bleeding in water systems and disperse easily in high fat systems.
Lakes eventually become extinct because of erosion and sedimentation.
Lakes fill a few volcanic craters and calderas.
Lakes fill with silt, and chemicals that come with the soil cause algae-related fish kills.
Lakes follow, and estuaries come in third.
Lakes formed by volcanic activity tend to be relatively small.
Lakes get a lot of attention from our state environmental agencies, and justifiably so.
Lakes get their water from precipitation, from rivers and streams and from underground water.
Lakes go dead.
Lakes go through seasonal water temperature changes.
Lakes have (part) gaps.
Lakes have areas.
Lakes have bass.
Lakes have beds.
Lakes have boats and canoes, while river is primarily canoe.
Lakes have characteristics that differentiate TMDLs from other waters.
Lakes have conditions.
Lakes have different meanings to different people.
Lakes have energy supplied by wind and density currents.
Lakes have fish.
Lakes have fluid.
Lakes have ice.
Lakes have levels.
Lakes have shallow areas.
Lakes have shallow water areas.
Lakes have slush pockets and there is a double layer to the ice.
Lakes have stable water levels.
Lakes have surfaces.
Lakes have temperature.
Lakes have types.
Lakes have uniform temperature.
Lakes have water levels.
Lakes have water temperature.
Lakes have water.
Lakes hold an abundance of life in the water closest to shore.
Lakes hold bass.
Lakes hold big bass.
Lakes hold even bigger fish.
Lakes hold good numbers of waterfowl.
Lakes lie in ice-carved basins.
Lakes literally speckle the territory.
Lakes look totally different in the dark than they do in the daylight.
Lakes normally have non-salt water.
Lakes obtain a leaden hue.
Lakes occupy depressions in the bedrock created by glacial erosion.
Lakes occupy the glacially scoured depressions in the bedrock.
Lakes offer ample boating and fishing and swimming opportunities.
Lakes offer the ideal spot for camping, picnicking and fishing.
Lakes offer virtually limitless boating.
Lakes possess fish.
Lakes possess salmon.
Lakes produce larger fish.
Lakes provide an important source of water for irrigation.
Lakes provide clean water.
Lakes provide discrete and amenable study sites.
Lakes provide drink water.
Lakes provide excellent habitats.
Lakes provide fairly predictable hatches.
Lakes provide fish.
Lakes provide fishing and other water recreation.
Lakes provide fishing for bass, bream, speckled perch, and catfish.
Lakes provide habitats.
Lakes provide homes.
Lakes provide moisture.
Lakes provide prefer habitats.
Lakes provide smallmouth habitats.
Lakes provide water.
Lakes provide watershed, wildlife habitat, and recreation.
Lakes receive nutrients from fertilisers added to pastures to increase their production.
Lakes receiving runoff from silt or clay soils often possess high turbidities.
Lakes represent a wealth of resources whose quality is maintained by human management.
Lakes respond to fertilizer just like a lawn.
Lakes say, clean water, clean mind.
Lakes serve as habitats.
Lakes serve as rich habitats.
Lakes serve as traps for materials generated within their watersheds.
Lakes then can freeze over and thaw out several times in one winter.
Lakes tint by dispersion .
Lakes tint by dispersion.
Lakes turn into acid.
Lakes typically are clear and have sandy bottoms.
Lakes vary chemically in terms of nutrients, major ions, and contaminants.
Lakes vary greatly in their properties depending upon their rate of mixing.
Lakes vary physically in terms of light levels, temperature, and water currents.
Lakes sometimes change dramatically over just a few years.
All lakes are constant level unless lowered for dam or spillgate maintenance.
All lakes are temporary interruptions in a stream's course.
All lakes contain organic matter, such as algae, rooted aquatic plants and leaves.
All lakes have open areas so be careful.
All lakes have public restrooms.
All lakes offer great fishing, but the mornings and evenings are generally best.
All lakes undergo an aging process, whereby sediments accumulate over time.
Every lake has a different composition.
Every lake has a reputation.
Every lake has microscopic algae in suspension in the water.
Every lake has several key locations where big bass are caught more frequently than anywhere else.
Every lake has some local lure color or bait that is more productive than others when used on it.
Every lake is accessible by private or public boat launch facilities.
Every lake is different and time of year matters regarding clarity.
Every lake is like a fingerprint, each one is different.
Every lake represents a valuable resource that requires effective management and protection.
Many lakes also have a different local name, which is listed after the official name.
Many lakes also have a different local name, which is listed in parenthesis after the official name.
Many lakes are at risk from pollution sources and state agencies can only do so much.
Many lakes are nearby for fishing and boating.
Many lakes are nearby for water skiing and swimming.
Many lakes are open year-round.
Many lakes can appear dead at midday, only to come alive in the early morning or evening.
Many lakes contain some natural contaminants.
Many lakes contain wild trout and are also stocked with hatchery-raised trout.
Many lakes depend on rainfall as their sole source of water.
Many lakes form slowly by moving one grain of sand at a time until a shallow lake basin forms.
Many lakes have parasites that can cause rashes.
Many lakes have salmon, lake trout, rainbow, brook, and brown trout.
Many lakes occupy irregular ice-carved basins in rolling topography on glaciated islands.
Many lakes occur at higher elevations and drain through streams to lower elevations.
Many lakes still have slushy sections of ice and anglers are cautioned to use care out on the ice.
Many lakes stratify in winter because ice covers the lake surface.
Most lakes are at their lowest levels during the summer months.
Most lakes are fed by rivers and, to a lesser extent, rainfall.
Most lakes are in great shape as fewer winter storms left waters clearer than normal.
Most lakes are in the northern and eastern parts of the state dotting the path of the glaciers.
Most lakes are in the process of icing up.
Most lakes are open to anglers year-round and can really fire up over the winter months.
Most lakes are snow and slush covered, limiting access to fishing spots.
Most lakes are still and contain a diverse plant and animal life.
Most lakes are still and contain diverse plant and animal life.
Most lakes are within a hundred yards or so from the road.
Most lakes attract ducks.
Most lakes attract geese.
Most lakes contain fish.
Most lakes have areas that possess flats somewhere .
Most lakes have areas.
Most lakes have beds.
Most lakes have conditions.
Most lakes have either brushy or swampy banks, so they don t lend themselves to wading.
Most lakes have fairly rounded contours.
Most lakes have fish.
Most lakes have levels.
Most lakes have public boat landings, with some lakes offering access through resort landings.
Most lakes have shallow areas.
Most lakes have shallow water areas.
Most lakes have stable water levels.
Most lakes have temperature.
Most lakes have three layers.
Most lakes have types.
Most lakes have uniform temperature.
Most lakes have water levels.
Most lakes have water temperature.
Most lakes have water.
Most lakes hold big bass.
Most lakes never freeze to the bottom .
Most lakes never freeze to the bottom.
Most lakes now have a thin layer of ice.
Most lakes offer excellent fishing, boating, swimming, and water skiing.
Most lakes provide clean water.
Most lakes provide drink water.
Most lakes provide excellent habitats.
Most lakes provide fish.
Most lakes provide habitats.
Most lakes provide homes.
Most lakes provide moisture.
Most lakes provide prefer habitats.
Most lakes provide smallmouth habitats.
Most lakes provide water.
Most lakes serve as habitats.
Most lakes serve as rich habitats.
Most lakes stratify into three layers during late spring, staying that way until late fall.
Some lakes allow hand powered and electric trolling motors only.
Some lakes also contain Arctic char.
Some lakes also support commercial fisheries or are valued for recreation.
Some lakes are accessible by snowmobile while others are by ski or snowshoe only.
Some lakes are accessible only after a hike from the road.
Some lakes are better now than years ago and some have declined.
Some lakes are big enough for waves to be produced.
Some lakes are big enough that they can stay full through rain instead of inflows .
Some lakes are big enough that they can stay full through rain instead of inflows.
Some lakes are largely aquatic-insect oriented.
Some lakes are open bowls with low shores like a southern reservoir transported to Mars.
Some lakes are reedy blue.
Some lakes are shallow, warm and have lots of aquatic plants.
Some lakes are warm enough to swim in.
Some lakes become hunt territory.
Some lakes become prime hunt territory.
Some lakes become territory.
Some lakes carry bass.
Some lakes carry smallmouth bass.
Some lakes contain perches.
Some lakes contain spine sticklebacks.
Some lakes contain sticklebacks.
Some lakes disappear when their source of water is diminished.
Some lakes do have restrictions on boat speeds during certain hours.
Some lakes draw down the water level in the winter to freeze the roots.
Some lakes even offer lake trout fishing.
Some lakes have a thermocline during the summer months.
Some lakes have abundances.
Some lakes have density.
Some lakes have elevation.
Some lakes have extensive shallows where fish cruise on their search for a meal.
Some lakes have gravel substrate.
Some lakes have natural beaches.
Some lakes have natural surface-water inlets and outlets.
Some lakes have nitrogen.
Some lakes have no structure, meaning a flat bottom or no weed beds.
Some lakes have no surface streams flowing in or out.
Some lakes have no visible once a part of the mainland.
Some lakes have outlets.
Some lakes have patches.
Some lakes have several campsites, others have only one.
Some lakes have waves.
Some lakes hold different species, as well as different year and size classes.
Some lakes lie near the highest regions of the earth, and others are far below sea level.
Some lakes occur in broader valleys.
Some lakes offer all three.
Some lakes produce large numbers of crustaceans, such as freshwater shrimps, hog-lice and crayfish.
Some lakes provide excellent places.
Some lakes provide places.
Some lakes provide safe places.
Some lakes receive annual stockings of hybrid bass.
Some lakes receive Arctic grayling, and some Arctic char.
Some lakes require days of hiking to reach, while others are as nearby as a quarter-mile stroll.
Lakefront cabins are available.
Lakefront community provides boat launch ramp and water access.
Lakefront property is at a premium.
Lakefront resorts are ideal for family vacations, corporate retreats or a couple's getaway.
Lakefront rooms are available upon request.
Lakefront views are available from all sides of the kitchen and master bedroom.
A lakefront is a formation
Lakefront log home in southeast Arkansas.
Lakefronts are close to the highway making it easier to access in the winter months.
Lakefronts are close to the highway with easy access.
Lakefronts are close to the highway.
Lakes coach says bring 'em on Bring 'em on.
Lakes region is homesteaded.
A lakeshore is a shore
Lakeshore cabins with every amenity, including fireplaces, saunas, and whirlpool spas.
Lakeshore carries educational toys, art supplies, and teaching materials.
Lakeshore cottages, clean and comfortable, with deck, private dock and fishing boat.
Lakeshore drive a bit.
Lakeshore has some leveled reading materials that are used in the resource room.
Lakeshore is Knoxville's premiere walkabout.
Lakeshore is the only apartment complex in Davis that has a lakefront location.
Lakeside classroom is visible in the background.
Lakeside concerts are held there in summer.
Lakeside daisy is one of Ohio's most spectacular wildflowers.
Lakeside resorts are popular summer destinations around the region.
A lakeside is a shore
Lakeside begins anew behind a new head coach and a new enthusiam.
Lakeside cabins with kitchens and wood stoves are also available.
Lakeside campfires with storytelling are once a week events.
Lakeside contributes support to the following missions.
Lakeside dorms each have one senator.
Lakeside is by no means a dance club.
Lakeside offers part time afternoon positions.
Lakesides are shores.
Most Lakewood homes can use backyard composting to reduce the amount of green waste they generate.
Lakewood members participate in a wide variety of mission projects throughout the year.
Lakewood rents worship and education space from a community center and has no plans for a building.
Lakewood soils occupy higher upland portions of drainages.
Lakewood spirit lights up the night.
Lakhota words have the same number of syllables as they have vowels.
Lakota art is in constant motion, very dramatic and always moving.
Lakota mythology surrounding the turtle has to do with the re-creation of the world.
Lakota religion is polytheistic, that is, believing in many gods or spirits.
Lalique glass is a collector's dream.
A lam is an escape
LAM advertises and guarantees a minimum level of internal resources for message delivery.
LAM works beautifully.
LAM works online.
A lama is a priest
LAMA meets twice yearly.
LAMA presents twelve programs and co-sponsors two programs with other divisions.
Many lamas also suggest meditation and prayer as the means for removing the spirit interference.
Lamar accounts are available to graduate students, faculty and staff.
Lamarckian evolution is rapid and accumulative.
Lamarckian inheritance is a simple, plausible mechanism, with real benefit for evolution.
Lamb meat contains elements.
Lamb meat contains trace elements.
Lamb meat is a great source of B vitamins, essential for metabolic reactions in the body.
Most lamb meat contains elements.
Most lamb meat contains trace elements.
A lamb is a young mammal
Lamb isa animal.
Lamb isa beast.
Lamb isa creature.
Lamb tenderloin in a tequila and pepper sauce .
Lambs are active and protected in minutes.
Lambs are agile.
Lambs are all here.
Lambs are born in the spring and walk soon after birth.
Lambs are born without human assistance, a credit to their wild ancestry.
Lambs are comparable to other medium-sized maternal breeds in growth and cutability.
Lambs are consistent in the show ring.
Lambs are depressed and reluctant to suck while the diarrhea lasts.
Lambs are finicky drinkers.
Lambs are hardy and romping around soon after they are born.
Lambs are hidden for the first two days after birth.
Lambs are in the wrong places, pigs suffer overcrowding and much distress is caused.
Lambs are meat.
Lambs are more likely to start on feed that is coarsely ground rather than pelleted.
Lambs are obedient, gentle animals.
Lambs are on full feed after four or five pen changes.
Lambs are part of domestic sheep.
Lambs are particularly susceptible if ewes have been fed one year or older hay.
Lambs are sheep.
Lambs are subject to all health rules and are to be free of drug residues.
Lambs are sure-footed just hours after being born.
Lambs are susceptible to infection by internal parasites such as cryptosporidium and coccidia.
Lambs are susceptible to shock, blood poisoning, tetanus, dislocated joints and arthritis.
Lambs are the epitome of cute.
Lambs are the most susceptible class of sheep to internal parasite infections.
Lambs are totally non-immune until they have been exposed during grazing.
Lambs are usually the easiest to use for resistance testing.
Lambs are victims.
Lambs are vulnerable to many predators including coyotes, wolves, mountain lions and bears.
Lambs are white, black, or spotted.
Lambs are wide between the legs, both front and rear.
Lambs are young animals.
Lambs are young mammals.
Lambs arrive naturally each spring.
Lambs become heavier as the season advances, and prices drop slightly.
Lambs begin to nibble at grain and hay very early, generally by the time they are a week old.
Lambs born to ewes with unsound udders often perish, or have a slow growth rate, and are poddied.
Lambs born with a goiter often have no wool and are weak and at risk of dying from starvation.
Lambs can be creep fed before weaning by setting up an area accessible to only the lambs.
Lambs can become very attached to people too.
Lambs can tell the difference between a photograph of a sheep and a photograph of a human.
Lambs consume plants.
Lambs display swell throats.
Lambs display throats.
Lambs especially are susceptible to several kinds of parasites, and almost all harbor a few.
Lambs exhibit a strong desire to live.
Lambs form strong bonds with their mothers.
Lambs gain weight.
Lambs get antibodies.
Lambs graze pasture.
Lambs have (part) brains.
Lambs have (part) cell membranes.
Lambs have (part) cells.
Lambs have (part) corpi.
Lambs have (part) cytoplasm.
Lambs have (part) ears.
Lambs have (part) faces.
Lambs have (part) heads.
Lambs have (part) nuclei.
Lambs have (part) plasma membranes.
Lambs have (part) sections.
Lambs have (part) skulls.
Lambs have (part) vacuoles.
Lambs have a definite pattern of preference of starter feeds.
Lambs have a soft, light-colored coat and small horn buds.
Lambs have curly hair.
Lambs have ears.
Lambs have fur.
Lambs have high livability and produce lean carcasses.
Lambs have mouths.
Lambs have silky fur.
Lambs have swell throats.
Lambs have the same genotype as the donor cells and differ from their recipient mothers.
Lambs have throats.
Lambs have various nutrient requirements that are dependent on age, weight and ability to grow.
Lambs have wool.
Lambs know the voice of their master.
Lambs learn which foods are preferable by observing their mothers.
Lambs look like smaller sheep.
Lambs make a bleating sound similar to the young of domestic sheep.
Lambs make wool.
Lambs need nutrition.
Lambs need supplemental nutrition.
Lambs produce fine wool.
Lambs produce wool.
Lambs provide the gift of wool.
Lambs reach puberty.
Lambs receive a similar ration throughout the feeding period.
Lambs receive milk.
Lambs run, jump and butt heads.
Lambs stay with mothers.
Lambs suffering from coccidiosis are more susceptible to other diseases particularly pneumonia.
Lambs take three months to recover from even mild cases of lupinosis.
Lambs tend to start quicker on feeds in a meal form and when feed is kept fresh.
Lambs often arrive during the night or just before dawn, and all lambs arrive soaking wet.
Lambs often play in groups, jumping up and down together, sometimes being joined by their mothers.
Lambs usually respond quickly to colostrum.
All lamb is pasture-raised on native herbs and grasses on our farm.
Many lambs are brought to slaughter earlier, however, and often between six and eight months of age.
Most lambs also receive an ear tag with a number on it.
Most lambs appear crouching.
Most lambs are born in Spring too.
Most lambs are underfed.
Most lambs gain weight.
Most lambs get antibodies.
Most lambs have fur.
Most lambs have mouths.
Most lambs have silky fur.
Most lambs have throats.
Most lambs make wool.
Most lambs produce fine wool.
Most lambs produce wool.
Most lambs reach puberty.
Most lambs receive milk.
Most lambs show much slower live weight gains.
Most lambs spend their lives on pasture.
Most lambs stay with mothers.
Most lambs take to the bottle quickly.
Some lamb is sold for the organic meat market.
Some lambs are marketed directly from the pasture, while others are grain-fed for a short time.
Some lambs develop diseases.
Some lambs develop infection.
Some lambs develop muscle diseases.
Some lambs die from starvation.
Some lambs die of acute diseases.
Some lambs die of diseases.
Some lambs eat hay.
Some lambs exhibit nervous symptoms.
Some lambs exhibit spider lamb syndromes.
Some lambs exhibit symptoms.
Some lambs exhibit syndromes.
Some lambs finish sooner than others.
Some lambs have abnormalities.
Some lambs have babies.
Some lambs have difficulty.
Some lambs have excellent international reputations.
Some lambs have excellent reputations.
Some lambs have international reputations.
Some lambs have mutation.
Some lambs have reputations.
Some lambs have severe abnormalities.
Some lambs produce milk.
Some lambs receive attention.
Some lambs show contraction.
Some lambs survive difficulty.
Some lambs survive summer.
Lambayeque panels are small, made in tapestry technique, of cotton and wool.
Lambda abstractions are procedures masquerading as variables and as such they have local scope.
Lambda phage can infect by either of two methods.
Lambda phage is called a transducing phage.
Lambda terms represent natural deduction-style proofs .
Lambek grammars are context free.
A lambert is a light unit
Lamberts are bright opaque red, with a hint of tartness.
Lambertian surfaces reflect uniformly regardless of viewing direction.
Lambic beer is brewed in Belgium.
Lambic beers are esoteric and quite distinctive in the world of brewing.
Lambic beers are perhaps the most individualistic style of beer in the world.
Lambings are births.
Lamborghini cars wallpaper.
A lambskin is fur
Lambskins are a by-product of our agricultural economy.
Lame delegations slow down DNS traffic and lookups, and in some cases return failed lookups.
Lame dog walk The student stands on one foot, and puts both hands on the mat.
Lame dogs peer from their eyes.
A lame duck is an official
Lame ducks are a special kind of a canard.
Lame ducks move very slowly.
Many lame ducks come away from primary election defeats feeling scorned and angry.
Lame parody is the death of real humor.
Lame people rise, hobble, walk, then run.
Lame sheep are usually a result of poor feet.
Lamellar body counts for rapid fetal lung maturity test.
Lamellar bone is characterized by an orderly array of collagen fibers aligned in parallel.
Lamellar bone is mature, woven bone is immature and usually pathological.
Lamellar bone is the characteristic component of the normal adult skeleton.
Lamellar bones are bone tissue.
Lamellar ichthyosis is autosomal recessive which appears at birth.
Lameness can occur from having a misdistribution of weight.
Lameness can occur suddenly, or gradually increase over time.
Lameness can range from the barely perceptible to a horse hobbling along on three legs.
Lameness is a common presenting symptom due to involvement of the long bones of the legs.
Lameness is a major health and welfare problem in all sheep producing countries.
Lameness is a major health issue in the dairy industry.
Lameness is a multifactorial disease and is directly related to how cows are managed.
Lameness is a state
Lameness is a very common problem in dogs, and occurs for many different reasons.
Lameness is an abnormal walk and is caused by injury or disease.
Lameness is an invaluable guide for anyone who is involved with horses.
Lameness is another problem related to such rapid growth.
Lameness is consistently observable at a trot under all circumstances.
Lameness is especially evident after exercise periods.
Lameness is evident.
Lameness is lame.
Lameness is more obvious in trot and on a circle.
Lameness is obvious at a walk.
Lameness is often present and the feet are very tender to touch .
Lameness is the first sign of hoof rot, and the smell of rotting tissue is unmistakable.
Lameness is the major concern for all sectors of the equine industry.
Lameness is the predominant sign.
Lameness is the presenting symptom.
Lameness is uncommon unless feet are infected or ulcerated.
Lameness is usually evident in all gaits and upon turning.
Lameness is very common amongst dairy cows.
Lameness related to laminitis is caused by an inadequate flow of blood in the foot.
Lameness strikes again.
Lameness varies from slight stiffness to overt lameness with reluctance to stand.
Lameness varies in severity.
Lameness often appears suddenly after prolonged exercise or after a brisk walk.
Lameness often develops.
Lameness often makes one think of foot rot, a common problem in cattle on pasture.
Many lamenesses induce obvious signs, such as head nodding or limping.
A lament is a song
Lament is a haunting requiem for the suffering and oppression of women.
Lament is more than a collection of songs, it is a journey through life to find life.
Lament keep it from getting boring with plenty of time and tempo changes.
Laments are complaints.
A lamentation is a complaint
Lamentations are activities.
Lamentations are expression.
Lamentations is a book full of sorrow.
Lamentations is a small book, just five chapters in length.
Lamentations is, in other words, sui generis.
A lamina is a plate
Lamina consists of digestive glands.
Lamina consists of photodetectors and automatic gain control circuitry.
Lamina is synonymous with blade .
Laminas are plates.
Some laminae show coarse lithic clasts normally graded.
Laminar flow is flow
Laminar flow occurs at low flow velocities and depths.
Laminar flow occurs when viscous forces predominate.
All laminate companies offer moldings, but many look fake.
Many laminate floors have a wood grain appearance.
Laminate flooring has an inner core and a glued-on layer or layers of outer material.
Laminate flooring is a tongue and groove interlocking flooring system.
Laminate flooring is easy to install.
Laminate flooring is edge-glued over a foam underlayment to form a floating floor.
Laminate flooring is one of the fastest growing flooring categories.
Laminate flooring is one of the newest floor covering mediums in the flooring industry.
Laminate flooring is typically available in tongue and grove strips like solid wood.
Many laminate manufacturers have a product line in which the colour runs through the sheet.
A laminate is a lamination
Laminates also have superior shape holding ability.
Laminates are a non invasive way of addressing many cosmetic problems.
Laminates are a wonderful way to protect projects.
Laminates are available in a number of different patterns, ranging from woodgrain to color finishes.
Laminates are available in sheet, rod, tube, and angle.
Laminates are available in varying degrees of rigidity.
Laminates are available that have the color running the entire thickness.
Laminates are generally heavier in weight, and allow for greater design flexibility.
Laminates are laminations.
Laminates are sheets.
Laminates are usually a two-layer construction.
Laminates can also spontaneously break or even fall off.
Laminates come in a huge variety of colors.
Laminates offer versatility in both installation and design.
All laminates are hand-laid fibreglass mat and roving.
All laminates are in Epoxy and utilizing vacuum bagging laminating techniques.
All laminates are vacuum-bagged.
More laminates tend to increase articulation in the instrument, even in softer woods.
Laminated balls tend to be harder.
Most laminated beds face northwest.
Laminated board covers.
Laminated boards show very light wear, bumped on points.
Laminated cards are waterproof and can be posted outside at marinas, gas docks, etc.
Laminated cards can mask the phony paper used in a forgery.
Laminated claystones are more abundant and thicker toward the top of the Albian section.
Laminated construction gives it beau coup edge hold on icy steeps.
Laminated documents are easier to roll and store than larger mounted documents.
Laminated fabrics resist ravelling at the edges and thereby contribute to durability and longevity.
Laminated floors can take a little more heat but only by a few degrees.
Laminated glass can be a real problem.
Laminated glass can crack and separate.
Laminated glass can withstand significant blasts.
Laminated glass has better resistance to fallout, as does film coated glass.
Laminated glass is also available but it is recommended for internal use only.
Laminated glass is available for the ultimate in uv blockage.
Laminated glass is fabricated with a thin layer of plastic embedded near the center of the glass.
Laminated glass is glass
Laminated glass is more complicated due to the thickness of the interlayer.
Laminated glass is more expensive than either float or tempered glass.
Laminated glass is shatterproof and is used as a safety glass.
Laminated glass is used for extra security and is especially worthwhile for jewelry display cases.
Laminated glass is used to resist storm damage, break-ins, bombings, and fire.
Laminated glass used in the sealed unit provides added security.
Laminated hardwood handle.
Laminated hardwood handles with brass pins.
Laminated kayaks provide greater efficiency, lighter weight and unmatched beauty.
Laminated lipids occur between the darker bands of keratin layers.
Laminated logs are also far less likely to split as they age.
Laminated map lasts longer and folds easier.
Laminated maps are water proof and can be marked on with water soluble markers.
Laminated maps are waterproof and can be marked on and erased with water soluble markers.
Laminated maps assist divers on self-guided explorations of the ship.
Laminated maple can warp, but it is extremely uncommon.
Laminated materials are generally ready the next business day.
Laminated materials are virtually waterproof.
Laminated materials have different values.
All laminated material is available on one side or both.
Laminated paddles are standard equipment.
Laminated parts can offer many advantages to the builder.
Laminated placards explain the upper level s stained glass windows in detail.
Laminated plastics are available in many colors, patterns and designs.
Laminated posters approx.
Laminated reprints are also available to use at trade shows or as counter cards.
Laminated root rot in western North America.
Laminated root rot is itself a predisposing agent for bark beetle attack.
Laminated shingles are an upgrade of asphalt shingles.
Laminated tubing is easy to saw, drill, tap, thread, and punch with ordinary tools.
Laminatings are covering.
A lamination is a structure
Lamination adds to the cost and weight and can make certain types of display more difficult.
Lamination also allow fibers to be placed in a straight, uninterrupted paths.
Lamination can further improve the permanence of the sets.
Lamination encapsulates the whole print to protect it from water or moisture damage.
Lamination is a clear polyester based film that is applied with heat and pressure for best adhesion.
Lamination is also available.
Lamination is available for greater poster durability.
Lamination is available for thicker sizes.
Lamination is available in either glossy or matte.
Lamination is available to make the chart both water and abrasion resistant.
Lamination is definitely the way to go for great looking photographs.
Lamination is discouraged because it can permanently damage the surface of the artwork.
Lamination is done to make a printed piece more durable.
Lamination is optional.
Lamination is permitted.
Lamination is quite different from encapsulation.
Lamination is recommended to provide extra wear and durability when used in school settings.
Lamination is recommended to provide extra wear and durability.
Lamination is recommended.
Lamination is required on some games.
Lamination is required.
Lamination is suggested for heavy use.
Lamination is suggested.
Lamination is used for appropriate images such as enlarged photos and ink jet prints.
Lamination is useful for numerous projects from place cards to wide format signs.
Lamination is vacuum bagged for strength and light weight.
Lamination makes output from color printers or copiers sparkle and look more professional.
Lamination mounting is available.
Lamination preserves the life of the print and also deepens the color.
Lamination protects and preserves posters during handling, transport and public contact.
Lamination protects, preserves and enhances printed images.
Lamination toughens materials even if there are no actual fibres.
Laminations are available in aluminum foil and film for high-barrier applications.
Laminations are now the preferred method of image protection in commercial photography.
Laminations are present in a few intervals and, in places, are delineated by aligned organic matter.
Laminations are structures.
Laminations formed in sediments are less smooth and less distinct.
A laminator is a skilled worker
Laminator can apply adhesive or laminate at the same time without heat or electricity.
Laminator has a heavy-duty motor, steel gears, silicone rollers, and a metal cover.
Laminators are especially large energy users.
Laminators are excellent for making reusable charts and worksheets.
Laminators are skilled workers.
Laminators is a textile laminating company located in Northeast Connecticut.
Laminators use mechanisms called heat shoes to melt the laminate.
Laminin polymerization induces a receptor-cytoskeleton network.
Laminitic horses are generally sore to pressure from hoof testers applied over the toe area.
A laminitis is a symptom
Laminitis begins with lameness.
Laminitis can be acute or chronic.
Laminitis causes lameness, continual discomfort when cows are standing, and poor performance.
Laminitis means inflammation of the sensitive lamina of the foot.
Laminitis occurs in three stages.
Laminitis results from a disturbance in blood supply to the foot.
Laminitises are inflammation.
Laminitis often results, giving rise to unwillingness to move.
Lamo soils are fine-silty and contain less salts.
Lamo soils are nearly level and on flood plains.
Lamo soils have a fine-silty control section.
Lamont soils are more acid and are coarser textured in the lower C horizon.
Lamont soils are more sandy throughout the solum.
Lamont soils are of moderate extent.
Lamont soils range from medium acid to strongly acid in the most acid part.
Lamosite deposits make up some of the largest oil shale formations in the world.
Lamotrigine toxicity can lead to periorbital edema, rash, and multiorgan system abnormalities.
Lamp oil can be very toxic if ingested by young children.
Lamp oil consists of a combination of petroleum distillates that differ by manufacturer.
Lamp oil contains a petroleum distillate which can cause severe respiratory distress when ingested.
Lamp oil inflames the lungs, cuts oxygen to the blood and damages the kidneys.
Lamp oil is a hydrocarbon
Lamp oil is fuel
Lamp oils come in a variety of soft-drink colors and look tasty to children.
Many lamp oils come in pretty colors and scents that are very attractive to a small child.
Some lamp oil is poured through a small hole at one end and later lit to make an explosion.
Lamp posts allow for evening use of the terrace areas with well-lit, safe spaces for activities.
A lamp shade is a shade
Lamp shade has a embroided golf scene.
Lamp shades are easy and relatively cheap to replace.
Lamp shades are out of metal or textiles.
All lamp shades are unique and original.
Lamp shells have a shell with two valves, like the unrelated clams.
Lamp timers make the light cycle consistent and easy.
A lamp is a device
Lamp changes by just opening a door.
Lamp isa device.
Lamp shuts off.
Lamp try around most toy yet flew pantyhose and nylons.
Lamp works and is in good shape.
Lamp works nicely with a switch on the plug in electric cord.
Lamp works perfectly.
Lamps aglow wait the return of children out too late Parents pace with furrowed brows.
Lamps also have a tendency to heat the water unevenly.
Lamps are a room's fashion jewelry.
Lamps are a simpler way to add personality to a dorm room.
Lamps are also available to buses and railroad cars.
Lamps are also interchangeable.
Lamps are available for normal under bumper mounting or right side up mounting.
Lamps are available in a range of heaters of various designs.
Lamps are available in clear and coated versions.
Lamps are available in different sizes, depending on the sheet size of the press.
Lamps are available in six different shades of white and a wide array of neon colors.
Lamps are available with flood or spot distributions.
Lamps are available with integral ballast or separate lamps and electronic adapters.
Lamps are brass with some parts chrome plated.
Lamps are critical components of all overhead projectors and vary in type, life, wattage and cost.
Lamps are electrical devices.
Lamps are everywhere.
Lamps are furniture.
Lamps are high-pressure sodium to provide a softer light.
Lamps are inappropriate for heating betta tanks.
Lamps are incandescent and give a natural color rendition to featured products and merchandise.
Lamps are light.
Lamps are lightweight.
Lamps are lit and meals and sherbats are served to one and all.
Lamps are located in apartments.
Lamps are located in bedrooms.
Lamps are located in buildings.
Lamps are located in corners.
Lamps are located in desks.
Lamps are located in desktops.
Lamps are located in houses.
Lamps are located in motels.
Lamps are located in offices.
Lamps are located in shelfs.
Lamps are located in stores.
Lamps are located in tables.
Lamps are of quartz crystal, amethyst, rose quartz, points or mountains.
Lamps are on nine inch centers.
Lamps are our specialty.
Lamps are phosphor coated to emit various color temperatures.
Lamps are preferably illuminated for daytime travel.
Lamps are small enough to fit in a pocket.
Lamps are spot re-lamped as needed, with fixtures scheduled for cleaning during summer break.
Lamps are then gravity fed into demanufacturing equipment which separates lamp components.
Lamps are used for illumination.
Lamps are used for light.
Lamps are used for reading.
Lamps automatically relight upon replacement.
Lamps burn out and screens are hard to set up or get stuck.
Lamps can be of varying shapes, sizes, wattages, lumen outputs, and colors.
Lamps can be too bright to look at, too dim to read by, too hard to reach, or too hot to touch.
Lamps can beam vertically, as the default classic lamp, or horizontally, as in a lighthouse.
Lamps can fit all three categories.
Lamps change, while light remains.
Lamps Click on image to enlarge.
Lamps come in a variety of sizes and shapes.
Lamps come in all sizes including floor lamps.
Lamps come in open baffle with a low iridescence aluminum reflector.
Lamps constitute another major category of glassware.
Lamps contain blue light.
Lamps contain blue wavelength light.
Lamps contain light.
Lamps contain wavelength light.
Lamps degrade and can outlive their usefulness before they burn out.
Lamps differ greatly in the amount of light output produced for the amount of wattage they use.
Lamps disinfect water for residential and commercial applications.
Lamps display voltage input, voltage output, and arcing condition.
Lamps emit light.
Lamps emitting light close to the natural frequency of the sun are available.
Lamps enable people to work and to take part in countless other activities by artificial light.
Lamps generate heat.
Lamps give effects.
Lamps give similar effects.
Lamps glow, candles flicker and fires blaze, but all eventually burn out.
Lamps hang below the arches.
Lamps have (part) sections.
Lamps have an estimated five million flash cycle life.
Lamps have clear lenses.
Lamps have designs.
Lamps have lenses.
Lamps have non-trivial cost to purchase, install and operate.
Lamps illuminate bookshelves filled with beloved books of childhood.
Lamps include bulbs.
Lamps include light bulbs.
Lamps install through the center of the unit and have electrical connections at one end.
Lamps install through the center of the unit and have electrical connections on both sides.
Lamps light up.
Lamps Make an original lamp to fit a unique-looking room.
Lamps placed in some cabinets help keep the area warm.
Lamps plug into holes in adapter.
Lamps produce heat.
Lamps produce light.
Lamps produce natural light.
Lamps produce output.
Lamps provide heat.
Lamps provide illumination.
Lamps provide light.
Lamps provide radiant heat.
Lamps range in size and wattage, and the available colors can range from warm white to cool white.
Lamps Remove lamp shades and bulbs prior to move.
Lamps Remove lightbulbs.
Lamps see brochure .
Lamps serve dual purposes.
Lamps serve purposes.
Lamps specializes in a wide variety of lamps.
Lamps supply heat.
Lamps switch on when darkness falls and shimmer through the constant mist.
LAMPs then become a marker for a late endosome or a lysosome.
Lamps Turn electrical energy into heat energy and produce light.
Lamps Use a specially designed lamp box and line the box with bubble wrap.
Lamps use electrical energy.
Lamps use energy.
Lamps use for indoor light.
Lamps use for light.
Lamps use less energy.
Lamps use standard bulbs and have push-through switch in lamp socket.
Lamps use standard three-way bulbs.
Lamps vary in their capacity to hold fuel depending on the lamp design.
Lamps always sell better when lit, and they can be an excellent source of mood lighting.
Lamps usually work with electricity , using a lightbulb .
Lamps usually work with electricity, using a lightbulb.
All lamps are available in all three colors.
All lamps are dual-arc tube type, providing instant backup in case of momentary voltage dips.
All lamps are handcrafted of copper with brass fittings, except where noted.
All lamps are in working condition.
All lamps are original works inspired by antiquity.
All lamps are stove lacquered.
All lamps come with the wicks and most with a funnel.
All lamps feature three metal support legs bolted to a metal central post by metal screws or bolts.
All lamps handmade in Garden City.
All lamps produce a soft edged oval shaped pool of light. .
Every lamp is manufactured and assembled by hand, and tested thoroughly.
Every lamp is signed, dated, and handcrafted.
Every lamp slightly varies in shape giving each lamp a different look.
Many lamps are in stock for immediate delivery.
Most lamps are relatively large and require a relatively expensive fixture.
Most lamps come with clamp type bases that are worthless.
Most lamps contain blue light.
Most lamps contain blue wavelength light.
Most lamps contain light.
Most lamps contain wavelength light.
Most lamps emit light.
Most lamps generate heat.
Most lamps give effects.
Most lamps give similar effects.
Most lamps have a nozzle called the rostum, nasus, or myxus .
Most lamps have clear lenses.
Most lamps have designs.
Most lamps have lenses.
Most lamps have wattage instructions written along the socket.
Most lamps produce heat.
Most lamps produce light.
Most lamps produce natural light.
Most lamps produce output.
Most lamps provide heat.
Most lamps provide illumination.
Most lamps provide light.
Most lamps provide radiant heat.
Most lamps serve dual purposes.
Most lamps serve purposes.
Most lamps supply heat.
Most lamps use electrical energy.
Most lamps use energy.
Most lamps use for indoor light.
Most lamps use for light.
Most lamps use less energy.
Most lamps waste energy by generating heat.
Some lamps also have lead in their components, usually in solder in the lamp base.
Some lamps are in front of the chapel.
Some lamps are made of materials.
Some lamps are made of such materials.
Some lamps are made of synthetic materials.
Some lamps are used by miners.
Some lamps bear a signature or pictorial design stamped on the base.
Some lamps cause fire.
Some lamps direct the flow of light so that there is a concentrated center to the beam.
Some lamps emit radiation.
Some lamps enable researchers.
Some lamps have a larger bubble of air at the top.
Some lamps have an acid finish to give a black iron look without the weight.
Some lamps have an ornamented rim known as a margo .
Some lamps have arms.
Some lamps have frames.
Some lamps make red and green look brown.
Some lamps transfer energy.
Some lamps use collimating lenses or reflectors to redirect light into a beam of parallel rays.
Some lamps use oil.
Some lamps use whale oil.
Lamplight farms make a good brand.
A lamplight is light
Lamplight gives the room a soft glow.
Lampoon can be both a verb and a noun.
Most Lamppost locations deliver.
A lamppost is a post
Lampposts are a good spot.
Lamprey brain contains globular and asymmetric forms of acetylcholinesterase.
Lamprey counts are only available for the last couple of years and only for some of the sites.
A lamprey is an agnathan
Lamprey isa vertebrate.
Lampreys are also a major threat to a healthy fish community.
Lampreys are always eel-like in shape, but have neither paired fins nor scales.
Lampreys are anadromous, like salmon.
Lampreys are ancient fish that have characteristics similar to the first vertebrates.
Lampreys are animals.
Lampreys are capable of regenerating spinal cord tissue and function.
Lampreys are eel-like , scaleless animals .
Lampreys are eel-like fish that suck blood from sports fish.
Lampreys are eel-like, scaleless animals.
Lampreys are found in both salt and fresh water, but hagfishes are strictly marine.
Lampreys are jawless fish.
Lampreys are jawless fishes that look a lot like sucker-mouthed eels.
Lampreys are jawless vertebrates that have a long narrow body.
Lampreys are long, thin fish that live in the sea, but swim up rivers to lay their eggs.
Lampreys are mostly filter feeders as larvae and parasites as adults.
Lampreys are no more closely related to remoras than they are to trout, or turtles or turtledoves.
Lampreys are parasitic, feeding off of other fish and mammals.
Lampreys are primitive, jawless fishes, lack paired fins, and have seven porelike gill openings.
Lampreys are semi-parasitic and use their mouth to attach to other fish.
Lampreys are slime-covered animals that resemble eels but lack bones.
Lampreys are the earliest extant vertebrate to have adopted an osmoregulatory strategy.
Lampreys are the most basal group of vertebrates.
Lampreys are thought to be an early offshoot on the evolutionary tree, before sharks and fish.
Lampreys are unable to recover from the fungal attack.
Lampreys attach themselves to other fish and suck on their blood and body fluids.
Lampreys attach to host by suckers and feed upon blood and body fluids.
Lampreys become pests.
Lampreys do exhibit Osmoregulation - they are anadromous fishes for the most part.
Lampreys feed on other fish and mammals.
Lampreys feed on the blood of other fish species.
Lampreys feed upon fish with their suckers and breathe in and out of their branchial gill sacs.
Lampreys go through four years of larval development before becoming adults.
Lampreys has-part organs.
Lampreys have (part) brains.
Lampreys have (part) breasts.
Lampreys have (part) cell membranes.
Lampreys have (part) cells.
Lampreys have (part) chest cavities.
Lampreys have (part) chests.
Lampreys have (part) corpi.
Lampreys have (part) cytoplasm.
Lampreys have (part) ears.
Lampreys have (part) faces.
Lampreys have (part) flippers.
Lampreys have (part) heads.
Lampreys have (part) nuclei.
Lampreys have (part) pedal extremities.
Lampreys have (part) plasma membranes.
Lampreys have (part) rib cages.
Lampreys have (part) sections.
Lampreys have (part) skulls.
Lampreys have (part) sterna.
Lampreys have (part) vacuoles.
Lampreys have (part) vertebrate feet.
Lampreys have a large sucking duck for a mouth and a well developed sense of smell.
Lampreys have a notochord as adults.
Lampreys have a sucker-like mouth that lacks a jaw.
Lampreys have ability.
Lampreys have an amphitropical distribution and are restricted to relatively cold waters.
Lampreys have differences.
Lampreys have eyes.
Lampreys have for a long time been used for food, particularly in Europe.
Lampreys have gill slits.
Lampreys have larval phases.
Lampreys have mouths.
Lampreys have no jaws, and their skeleton is cartilaginous.
Lampreys have notochords.
Lampreys have phases.
Lampreys have slits.
Lampreys have sucker mouths with rasp-like teeth and seven circular gill openings on each side.
Lampreys have teeth.
Lampreys have vertebrae.
Lampreys inhabit environments.
Lampreys inhabit freshwater environments.
Lampreys lack jaws.
Lampreys live in most of the world's seas and fresh water streams.
Lampreys live in salt and fresh water, and reproduce in fresh water.
Lampreys live in salt water and fresh water.
Lampreys migrate to oceans.
Lampreys occur in temperate waters in both the northern and southern hemispheres.
Lampreys parasitize mammals.
Lampreys pass through an immature larval stage before metamorphosing into adults.
Lampreys possess cell types.
Lampreys possess types.
Lampreys reach up to a length of four feet and as small as five inches.
Lampreys remain ammocoetes for a period of several years.
Lampreys reproduce in freshwater river beds, and bury their eggs about two centimeters underground.
Lampreys suck blood.
Lampreys use gills.
Lampreys use mouths.
Lampreys use muscles.
Lampreys frequently attack fishes, causing their death.
All lampreys are anadromous .
All lampreys spawn in the spring on shallow gravel beds in freshwater streams.
Many lampreys are parasites.
Most lampreys are parasites that feed by clamping a round, jawless mouth onto a fish.
Most lampreys become pests.
Most lampreys has-part organs.
Most lampreys have ability.
Most lampreys have differences.
Most lampreys have eyes.
Most lampreys have gill slits.
Most lampreys have larval phases.
Most lampreys have mouths.
Most lampreys have notochords.
Most lampreys have phases.
Most lampreys have teeth.
Most lampreys have vertebrae.
Most lampreys migrate to oceans.
Most lampreys parasitize mammals.
Most lampreys suck blood.
Most lampreys use gills.
Most lampreys use mouths.
Most lampreys use muscles.
Some lampreys attain maturity.
Some lampreys attain sexual maturity.
Some lampreys develop resistance.
Some lampreys enter lakes.
Some lampreys have blotches.
Some lampreys have dark blotches.
Some lampreys have distribution.
Some lampreys have eels.
Some lampreys have fins.
Some lampreys have impact.
Some lampreys have levels.
Some lampreys have major impact.
Some lampreys have organizations.
Some lampreys have similar organizations.
Some lampreys have similar overall organizations.
Some lampreys have wide distribution.
Some lampreys inflict considerable damage.
Some lampreys inflict economic damage.
Some lampreys inflict significant damage.
Some lampreys inflict significant economic damage.
Some lampreys look like lancelets.
Some lampreys reach maturity.
Some lampreys reach sexual maturity.
A lampshade is a shade
Lampshade isa artifact.
Lampshades are covering.
Lampshades are heavier for winter and paler for summer.
Lampshades are one such item that take very well to the idea of decoupage.
Lampshades are part of lamps.
Lampshades are protective covering.
Lampshades are shades.
Lampshades can change the look of an entire room.
Lampshades have (part) sections.
Most lampshades are boring.
Lampungese territory is divided into five regions.
Lanai City has a mild climate.
Lanai City is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Lanai City offers a wide array of hotels for traveling visitors.
Lanai City offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Lanai City sits exactly in the middle of the Island.
A lanai is a veranda
Lanai invites exploration by jeep, and offers fantastic golf and first class accommodations.
Lancashire isa thing.
Lancast company profile all products product est.
A lance is a weapon
Lance also coaches the boy's baseball team.
Lance brings America's best-loved humorist to life.
Lance catches an eddy after the first drop.
Lance chimes in with a laugh.
Lance comes in.
Lance comes out .
Lance demolish the competition in the Prologue three weeks before.
Lance demonstrates how transporting coolers on a skateboard is both practical and fun too.
Lance drives a Jimmy.
Lance drops back a bit but only temporarily.
Lance easily recalls what it was like to be a part of their scene.
Lance embodies our company's mission to extend and enhance the lives of people with cancer.
Lance enjoys playing golf and traveling.
Lance enjoys sports.
Lance finds the story hard to believe and is trying to evaluate the evidence.
Lance gets a great jump on passes and plays our deep zones well.
Lance gets along well with other dogs and with people.
Lance has a long and impressive resume of performance and conducting experience and ability.
Lance has a very warm, giving spirit and is a lot of fun to be with.
Lance has four inside directors who serve on key committees and no lead independent director.
Lance has such great stuff to say sometimes.
Lance hopes to hear something before our next meeting.
Lance is a brilliant software engineer.
Lance is a conservation biologist who lives in Bozeman, Montana.
Lance is a drug-free work place.
Lance is a licensed full time resident guide on Lake Fork.
Lance is a manager for a small steel detailing company.
Lance is a mathematical genius.
Lance is a native Oklahoman.
Lance is a new man.
Lance is a party guy.
Lance is a team leader that sets an excellent example of the value of hard work and determination.
Lance is a tremendous, explosive football player.
Lance is a true showman.
Lance is a very prolific artist working on multiple projects simultaneously.
Lance is admitted to practice in the District of Columbia and Florida.
Lance is almost immobile now.
Lance is also a sports fan.
Lance is also an open agnostic.
Lance is also the pivot for the title's chilling double meaning.
Lance is an aircraft mechanic, now working part time while attending college.
Lance is an American living in London.
Lance is an artist, specializing in sculpture.
Lance is an avid sports fan and enjoys catching up on sleep during the off season.
Lance is an exceptional player both on and off the court.
Lance is an extraordinary cartoonist.
Lance is an outdoorsman and loves to fish.
Lance is an outstanding player and person.
Lance is black, skinny and a soft touch.
Lance is caught out.
Lance is co-captain of the varsity team.
Lance is currently in the lead.
Lance is dead.
Lance is from Mansfield, Ohio.
Lance is from Olympia, Washington.
Lance is in pre-school now and is doing well with it.
Lance is just very thorough.
Lance is odd.
Lance is on the left in the foreground.
Lance is one hell of a guy folks.
Lance is one of the best time trialist in the world.
Lance is oxygen enriched air.
Lance is prudish.
Lance is really something else.
Lance is second to no one when it comes to public stargazing programs.
Lance is sick from it.
Lance is the miracle bird.
Lance is the most respected rider in the pelaton.
Lance is the one of all in one appliance type server developer in Japan.
Lance is the one with that ugly-ass blue hat.
Lance is the only man who works here.
Lance is the pawn in a cruel game.
Lance is torn between wanton sex and duty.
Lance is very meticulous about names and dates and times.
Lance just knows how to get the very best deal there is.
Lance keeps it simple.
Lance knows success and knows victory.
Lance likes to party .
Lance listens much better after going through the training.
Lance lives in Australia.
Lance lives, unassisted, in Florida and works at a tennis camp.
Lance looms at the camera.
Lance nematodes feeding in and on a grass root segment.
Lance now has company.
Lance offers a competitive salary with full benefits.
Lance oversees the company's strategic direction and is also involved in key operational activities.
Lance picks out a book for dad to read.
Lance places the overhead on the projector.
Lance plays all the parts.
Lance plays dulcimer, guitar, cittra, and synthesizer.
Lance plays very well and the bass is plenty loud.
Lance proffers a bagel with cream cheese.
Lance proffers a chunk of challah bread.
Lance promises to buckle down in school.
Lance provides evaluation, diagnosis and psychotherapy for adults, couples and their families.
Lance responds with a Northern Lights suplex for a near fall.
Lance runs a site that promotes the book at thestingray.net .
Lance runs the Carlsbad adventure tour program.
Lance seems content to ride herd with the peloton, and let others drive the race for the moment.
Lance sends stories to The Herald.
Lance sings about actual lives and events, and that makes it far more affecting.
Lance specializes in psychotherapy with children, adolescents, families and adults.
Lance stands in yellow.
Lance starts writing a novel .
Lance takes drugs.
Lance tries to pawn it off and wipe it off but to no avail.
Lance turns the transparency around.
Lance wears many hats at trancedomain.
Lance works with local churches to build an atmosphere for supernatural breakthrough.
Lance writes clearly, with lots of outlinks to various related resources.
Lance writes things down in a daytimer with a calendar.
Lances consist of a paper tube filled with composition.
All lances are custom designed according to customer s individual specifications.
A lancelet is a cephalochordate
Lancelet isa animal.
Lancelet isa beast.
Lancelet isa creature.
Lancelets also have a type of kidney, but it is vastly different from vertebrate kidneys.
Lancelets also lack appendages and can move only by bending their bodies back and forth.
Lancelets also swim very quickly and are able to escape predators.
Lancelets are also important to the study of the origins of vertebrates.
Lancelets are bilaterally symmetrical organisms.
Lancelets are cephalochordates.
Lancelets are cephalochordates.
Lancelets are dioecious.
Lancelets are filter-feeders.
Lancelets are fishlike animals that have bilateral symmetry and live in salt water.
Lancelets are found in the coastal waters of temperate and tropical regions.
Lancelets are harvested for human consumption in some parts of Asia.
Lancelets are inhabitants of soft bottoms.
Lancelets are marine animals that have long narrow bodies.
Lancelets are marine species, often buried in the seafloor.
Lancelets are quite the tiny organisms.
Lancelets are separated into males and females, each with a couple dozen gonads.
Lancelets are small fish like creatures that live in the sandy bottom of shallow tropical oceans.
Lancelets are small fishlike animals with tapered bodies.
Lancelets are somewhere in between, with a notochord that remains throughout life.
Lancelets are text book examples of a chordate .
Lancelets are very common in shallow water.
Lancelets belong to a subgroup of vertebrates.
Lancelets display all four of the vertebrate characteristics throughout their lives.
Lancelets have (part) brains.
Lancelets have (part) cell membranes.
Lancelets have (part) cells.
Lancelets have (part) corpi.
Lancelets have (part) cytoplasm.
Lancelets have (part) ears.
Lancelets have (part) faces.
Lancelets have (part) heads.
Lancelets have (part) nuclei.
Lancelets have (part) plasma membranes.
Lancelets have (part) sections.
Lancelets have (part) skulls.
Lancelets have (part) vacuoles.
Lancelets have a fish like appearance, but are invertebrates.
Lancelets have a notochord.
Lancelets have a primitive developmental system of peripheral nerves.
Lancelets have a thin layer of skin that covers their internal structure.
Lancelets have a tough protein outer laying.
Lancelets have complex organs.
Lancelets have complex sense organs.
Lancelets have jaws.
Lancelets have opposite sexes with both egg and sperm.
Lancelets have organs.
Lancelets have sense organs.
Lancelets have separate sexes with about the same number of males and females in a population.
Lancelets lack a vestibular system, a lateral line system, and a fourth ventricle.
Lancelets live in all the oceans of the world in warm and cool waters.
Lancelets live in sand and feed with their gill apparatus.
Lancelets live in shallow and brackish water around the world.
Lancelets live near the coastlines because they prefer sand mixed with shells.
Lancelets reproduce in a very different way from humans.
Lancelets use their skin as a way to exchange gases.
Lancelets use their tail to swim weakly and to wriggle backward into the sand.
Most lancelets have complex organs.
Most lancelets have complex sense organs.
Most lancelets have jaws.
Most lancelets have organs.
Most lancelets have sense organs.
Some lancelets have cord.
Some lancelets have diversity.
Some lancelets have heads.
Some lancelets have hearts.
Some lancelets have hollow dorsal nerve cord.
Some lancelets have nerve cord.
Some lancelets have sex.
Some lancelets inhabit water.
Some lancelets leave burrows.
Some lancelets retain characteristics.
Some lancelets retain characters.
Some lancelets retain chordate characteristics.
Some lancelets retain key characteristics.
Lanceolate endings serve as rapidly adapting or down hair afferents.
Lanceolate foliage is healthy, medium green and fairly disease resistant.
A lancer is a soldier
Lancers have the lance icon across the counter.
Lancers receive fair play award at nationals.
A lancet is an arch
Lancets are academic journals.
Lancets become dull and painful when re-used.
Lancets look a lot like the generic chordate described above.
Many lancets fit into any lancing devices, but there are some exceptions.
LanChile airline begins operations.
Land animals are limited to reptiles, like frogs and the tutara, and birds.
Land animals can find a cozy spot to nest in a french drain after a long no-rain drought.
Land animals get oxygen from the air.
Land animals have the opposite problem to freshwater protists.
Land animals require a much greater proportion of bone than the inhabitants of the water.
Land animals use lakes for drinking water.
All land animals possess some degree of thermoregulation.
Every land animal depends to some degree on green plants.
Many land animals change colors depending on the season so they can blend in at any time of year.
Most land animals reproduce through internal fertilization.
A land area is an area
Land area comprised of last lava flow on Maui includes rare brackish water ponds.
Land area covered by forests is maintained and potentially increased.
Land area excludes area under inland water bodies.
Land area includes dry land and land temporarily or partially covered by water.
Land area is a country s total area, excluding areas under inland bodies of water.
Land area is the major limiting factor, and high density planting is carried out.
Land area is the total area of the country, excluding area under inland water bodies.
Land area is valuable for the settlement of the landless.
Land area makes something of a difference, but is of second-order importance.
Land areas are a source of nutrients, and the ocean provides stability.
Land areas are beaches, cranberry bogs, and open space.
Land areas are black.
Land areas are in true to life color to illustrate mountains.
Land areas receive more moisture by precipitation than they supply by evaporation.
Land banks can also accept gifts of money or land.
Land borders stream with limestone cliffs, lots of wildlife.
Land breezes are breezes.
Land breezes are strongest along the immediate coastline but weaken considerably further inland.
Land breezes are the flow of the air from the land to the sea.
Land breezes are wind currents that blow from land towards the bodies of water.
Land breezes carry a nasty blend of heat and insects but make the water too cold for relief.
Land breezes occur in regions.
Land breezes occur in temperate regions.
Land breezes penetrate atmospheres.
Land breezes penetrate marine atmospheres.
Land breezes tend to be much weaker than sea breezes.
Most land breezes occur in regions.
Most land breezes occur in temperate regions.
Some land breezes occur at nights.
Land claims are generally for the return of what are called aboriginal lands of the tribe.
Land claims continue to be fought out in the courts.
Land classification depends on the type of features that are to be grouped.
Land clearing affects the wombat and also has affected many of our other native animals.
Land clearing is a major driver of dry land salinity.
Land clearing is also a significant, related source.
Land clearing is also responsible for the degradation of rivers in rural Queensland.
Land clearing is at the root of many problems.
Land clearing is generally more difficult due to the large amount of vegetation.
Land clearing is no longer a problem .
Land clearing is the biggest threat that bats face.
Land clearing is the main threat to their survival.
Land clearing is the most uncertain part of the Inventory.
Land clearing leads to fast runoff during rain events, snow thaw and spring freshets.
Land clearing occurs frequently in order to enhance grazing operations.
Most land conservancies focus on preserving large, rural tracts.
Land contracts vary widely from transaction to transaction.
Land cover can have direct impacts on the atmospheric system.
Land cover describes the vegetation, water, natural surface, and construction on the land surface.
Land cover describes what currently exists at a place on the earth's surface.
Land cover includes floodplain and upland forests, restored prairies, and marshes.
Land cover is also a primary determinant of land use and of land management activities.
Land cover is mostly rangeland and native grasses.
Land cover is one of the several components of landscape.
Land cover is static throughout all simulations.
Land cover is the more general variable, and land use is more specific.
Land cover is the physical state of the land surface.
Land cover is the product of past land uses on the backdrop of the biophysical setting.
Land cover is the vegetation or other kind of material that covers the land surface.
Land cover refers to vegetation and other materials that cover the surface of the Earth.
Land crabs are a common sight on Florida beaches.
Land crabs are a dietary staple on many tropical coasts and islands, but they are also pests.
Land crabs are built on the same general plan as insects, but are much clumsier.
Land crabs are common on all islands.
Land crabs are terrestrial crabs who live the majority of their lives on land.
Land crabs have a reduced gill number, and so conserve water.
Land crabs have even more adaptations to prevent drying out.
Land crabs live in sand or soil burrows up to several feet deep.
Land crabs live on land and marine crabs live in the ocean.
Land crabs need air.
Land crabs occur in habitats.
Land crabs occur in moist habitats.
Land crabs spend most of their lives on land, returning to the sea only to release their eggs.
Most land crabs occur in habitats.
Most land crabs occur in moist habitats.
Some land crabs eat fruit.
Some land crabs go through metamorphosis.
A land cress is a herb
Land cress is very easy to grow and is a good alternative to watercress.
Land degradation is a broad term that can be applied differently across a wide range of scenarios.
Land degradation is a common and serious problem here.
Land degradation is a global problem largely related to agricultural use.
Land degradation is a major problem in rich countries as well as in poor ones.
Land degradation is about people.
Land degradation is further evidence of limits reached and exceeded.
Land degradation leads to a significant reduction of the productive capacity of land.
Land degradation occurs because of repeated land use decisions under specific conditions.
Land degradation reduces land quality and has a major impact on biodiversity.
Land degradation takes many forms.
Land degradation threatens food security.
Land degradations lead to reductions.
Land degradations reduce chances.
Most land degradations lead to reductions.
Most land degradations reduce chances.
Some land degradations affect health.
Some land degradations affect human health.
Some land degradations have economic impact.
Some land degradations have impact.
Some land degradations have production.
Some land degradations have severe economic impact.
Some land degradations have severe impact.
Land descriptions are approximates.
Land developers avoid cutting down trees along gullies to minimize erosion.
Land developers buy or otherwise control raw land and turn it into productive real estate.
Land developers have absolutely no regard for the citizens of Tucson, or for our land.
Land Developers make their money by taking risks.
Land developers plan and develop real estate projects.
Land development adds two times the phosphorus to water sources as agricultural land does.
Land development establishes precedents for either destructive or friendly environmental practice.
Land development has growth.
Land development is an important aspect of the building process.
Land development is an inevitable part of human history.
Land development is an unusual venture for a greeting card company.
Land development is at the heart of all suburban growth.
Land development is development
Land development is exploitation.
Most land development has growth.
Some land development leads to degradations.
Some land development leads to habitat degradations.
Land disputes are among the toughest challenges facing Haiti's corruption-plagued court system.
Land disputes seem to be more prevalent in rural areas.
Land distribution becomes more skewed as a result.
Land distribution is a legitimate issue in Zimbabwe, a legacy of British colonial rule.
Land distribution is among the most unequal in Latin America.
Land elevation is easier to interpret using visual images.
Land elevation is uniformly higher and precipitation lower than elsewhere in Iowa.
Land erosion is a bigger problem today in the U.S. than it was in the past.
Land erosion is a danger to be checked in the first place.
Land erosion is a problem.
Land forces are at once a regime-maintenance force and threat to the same regime.
Land forces dominate the theater commands and their influence is strong.
Land forces perform important, and largely unique, functions besides denial and destruction.
Land forces provide the most visible and sustained form of U.S. commitment.
Land forces provide the nation the full range of options for shaping the world environment.
Land grabs work when there are strong network and lock-in effects.
Land iguanas are much larger than marine iguanas and have a bright reddish-orange colour.
Land iguanas are no slouches, either.
Land iguanas are territorial and highly intolerant of others of their own gender.
Land iguanas are territorial and signal their aggression with head-nodding.
Land iguanas feed on cacti.
Land iguanas live for years.
Land iguanas reach maturity between eight and fifteen years of age, depending on their size.
Land iguanas reach maturity.
Land iguanas show interaction.
Land iguanas show symbiotic interaction.
Most land iguanas live for years.
Most land iguanas reach maturity.
Most land iguanas show interaction.
Most land iguanas show symbiotic interaction.
Land law matters.
Land laws are in chaos as well.
A land line is a line
Land lines are a glorious thing.
Land lines are available.
Land lines are telephone lines.
Land lines are telephone wire.
Land lines can fail.
Land loss is a natural process in delta systems.
Land mammals get water.
Land mammals have fur.
Land mammals have limbs.
Land mammals include squirrels.
Land mammals show variation.
Land management including soil management therefore strongly affects water quantity and quality.
Land management is a provincial responsibility under Canada's constitution.
Land management is an important consideration.
Land management is an important integrator.
Land management is really a part of the mainstream real estate industry.
Land management is the creation of an inventory of the national territory.
Land management is the key to the latter goal.
Land management Keep a comprehensive vegetative cover on the catchment area.
Land management plans Well-conceived plans provide a critical link to good resource management.
Land management remains the prerogative of landowners.
Land management requires scientific knowledge and an understanding of ecosystems.
Some land management offers protection.
Land managers are already worried over the situation.
Land managers are best qualified to tailor stream and wetland protection for water quality.
Land managers are understandably a little confused.
Land managers can also make use of less exotic natural enemies.
Land managers can reduce the impacts of high winds and ice by regulating stand densities.
Land managers can use native plants to maintain and restore wildlife habitat.
Land managers control water to benefit migratory waterfowl and other species.
Land managers have a fourth type of management as one option.
Land managers have no good way of keeping track of payments in a timely fashion.
Land managers take care.
Land managers use three techniques to manage smoke emissions from prescribed fires.
Many land managers provide access free, but beyond a certain level it represents a cost and a risk.
Most land managers take care.
Some land managers consider establishments.
Some land managers create habitats.
Some land managers determine areas.
Some land managers maintain dry habitats.
Some land managers maintain dry prairie habitats.
Some land managers maintain habitats.
Some land managers maintain prairie habitats.
Some land managers make decisions based on legal threats by recreation access opponents.
Land mass does affect the short term movement of some storms.
Land mass helps develop stable weather patterns, but most of our trips are on islands or coastlines.
Land mass is a ground
Land mass is approximately the size of Massachusetts.
Land mass is continents.
Land masses absorb heat faster than the sea and therefore heat up more quickly.
Land masses are constantly in flux.
Land masses take their present shape.
Land masses vary in size.
Every land mass is outlined with lights because so many people live by the sea.
Land masses go under the waves, and rise up from the depths during each cataclysm.
All land masses block direct line of sight from rear zones.
Land mine detectors consist of sensors.
A land mine is a mine
Land mines are a barbaric legacy of wars.
Land mines are a constant danger.
Land mines are a danger everywhere.
Land mines are a hazard.
Land mines are a human rights issue and also a humanitarian one.
Land mines are a serious problem in nations plagued by guerrilla warfare and terrorism.
Land mines are a terrible thing.
Land mines are a threat, but so too is malaria and drought.
Land mines are also a major problem for farmers.
Land mines are an enormous problem in Bosnia.
Land mines are another critical threat.
Land mines are another frightful menace.
Land mines are brutal weapons.
Land mines are cheap to produce, but expensive to destroy.
Land mines are cheap, devastating and increasingly popular in today's regionalised conflicts.
Land mines are cheap, devastating, and increasingly popular in today's regionalized conflicts.
Land mines are everywhere in Cambodia, and so are their unsuspecting victims.
Land mines are evil, pernicious, indiscriminate weapons of war.
Land mines are hidden killers.
Land mines are indiscriminate in their action.
Land mines are insidious weapons.
Land mines are just one obstacle in their path.
Land mines are mines.
Land mines are nondiscriminatory.
Land mines are patient.
Land mines are plentiful.
Land mines are prevalent throughout the countryside.
Land mines are responsible for the deaths of thousands of civilians in countries such as Cambodia.
Land mines are still prevalent throughout the countryside.
Land mines are the sad legacy of war.
Land mines blow up and injure people.
Land mines come in different shapes, sizes, and colors.
Land mines detonate when pressure is applied in any way.
Land mines kill and maim children while they walk to school and play in fields near their homes.
Land mines kill and maim.
Land mines kill or maim thousands each year, and children suffer.
Land mines kill without discrimination.
Land mines laid during the war remain a threat to civilians and peacekeepers alike.
Land mines make large tracts of agricultural land unusable.
Land mines make the winding dirt tracks that twist along the border even more hazardous.
Land mines obstruct post-war reconstruction.
Land mines pose a particularly harsh burden on society.
Land mines pose a threat to all travelers in Abkhazia.
Land mines pose threat.
Land mines remain a danger.
Land mines remain a major problem.
Land mines remain buried in former war zones around the world.
Land mines remain in some areas.
Land mines scattered through the country remain a threat and mass graves are occasionally uncovered.
Land mines stay behind.
Land mines take or wreck three lives an hour, every hour, every day of every year.
Land mines tend to be placed indiscriminately, without regard to where kids live and play.
Land mines threaten each step in the countryside.
Some land mines are quite sophisticated and are laid out in carefully planned patterns.
Some land mines create a shorter-term hazard than others.
Land navigation is difficult.
Land navigation is one of our most crucial skills.
Land otters live in various waterways and often explore very far afield.
Land owners are quite pleased with the project.
Land owners can destroy wolves on or within five miles of their land.
Land owners can purchase seedlings and other products from their local Conservation District.
Land owners come in many different forms.
Land owners have minds.
Land owners have open minds.
Land owners have the right to say yes or no.
Land owners have very close ties to government there.
Land owners hire out the working of their fields to laborers.
Land owners receive rent for the use of their land.
Many land owners enjoy having a unique creature like the porcupine around.
Many land owners follow market conditions in deciding whether to sell their land for development.
Most land owners are concerned about liability.
Most land owners have minds.
Most land owners have open minds.
Some land owners maintain ranges.
Some land owners take umbrage at having fishers in their backyards.
Land ownership has Fee Simple Title.
Land ownership is a thorny question.
Land ownership is an expensive way to live due to high property taxes and maintenance requirements.
Land ownership is another important issue in understanding the problems of agriculture in Zambia.
Land ownership is concentrated in very few hands.
Land ownership is governed by the traditional land tenure system.
Land ownership is investigated.
Land ownership is limited by the Constitution to citizens only.
Land ownership is one of the most important stepping-stones in the rise out of poverty.
Land ownership is primarily private, interspersed with state-leased properties.
Land ownership is why most of our families came to America.
Land ownership is widespread.
Land patents come from several different places.
Land patents document the transfer of land ownership from the federal government to individuals.
All land patents are forever.
Land patterns are very complex because of the intermingled federal, state and private lands.
Land planarians can subdue insect larvae, snails, or even earthworms.
Land planning is no longer an academic question.
Land plant zygotes that develop on the living parent plant.
Land plants absorb water through their roots.
Land plants alter atmospheric conditions by giving off oxygen and absorbing carbon dioxide.
Land plants are factories that process fish on land near fishing ports.
Land plants are sessile organisms.
Land plants discriminate against it less.
Land plants form the base of the second food web.
Land plants grow almost anywhere there is enough sun, water and soil.
Land plants have a waxy cuticle covering their young stems and leaves.
Land plants have stomata, a unique adaptation to avoid desiccation.
Land plants have to find new ways to reproduce, and they have to deal with wind.
Land plants invade the land.
Land Plants make secondary cell wall s which have spiral thickenings .
Land plants obtain oxygen for their roots by diffusion of oxygen found in air spaces in the soil.
Land plants rely almost entirely upon carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
Land plants root themselves into the ground.
Land plants share four key features only with the charophyceans.
Land plants unbalance biogeochemical cycles and flush of nutrients into oceans - eutrophication.
All land plants are embryophytes.
All land plants have an alternation of multicellular haploid and diploid phases.
All land plants possess sexual and asexual phases.
All land plants retain the fertilized egg in a protective maternal tissue.
All land plants show alternation of generations in which two multicellular body forms alternate.
Most land plants have mycorrhizas and endophytes.
Most land plants have roots which perform several functions.
Most land plants have vascular tissue.
Most land plants have, as one complex feature among others, a conducting system.
Land pollution is concerned with waste offences.
Land ports are dangerous places to work.
Land price is the cost for everything other than air and sea transportation.
Land prices act as an allocative device.
Land prices are cheaper in the Chinese metropolis than they are here in Taipei.
Land prices are different across the region.
Land prices are fully negotiable based upon number of jobs provided.
Land prices are low, but jobs are scarce and low-paying.
Land prices are moderate and remain well below prices in neighboring states.
Land prices are negotiable.
Land prices are reasonable compared to surrounding areas.
Land prices are relatively high.
Land prices are remarkably inexpensive, compared to Europe and North America.
Land prices are still low because of drought.
Land prices are still reasonable.
Land prices are traditionally stable, while air prices can fluctuate daily.
Land prices continue to increase.
Land prices continue to rise.
Land prices have further to fall yet.
Land prices remain high and at times, at speculative levels.
Land prices rise.
Land prices tumble.
Land prices vary wildly.
Land reclamation is much easier on the more permeable soils of the Indus Valley and Central Asia.
Land reclamation is permitted in certain circumstances in a Valley Plain District.
Land reclamation plays a direct role in reducing water areas used for freshwater capture.
Land reclamation taking place in the bay in front of the hotel, also gives pause for thought.
Land reclamation uses the same process , which is sped up .
Land reclamation uses the same process, which is sped up.
Land records are a key source in finding that single piece of valuable data.
Land records are also available.
Land records are more complete than other records.
Land records are plentiful, accessible, easy to use, informative, and interesting.
Land records are the most substantial there are and go back to the beginning of the country.
Land records are usually the most valuable genealogical proof of an American pedigree.
Land records are valuable for genealogical research.
Land records can add one more piece to a puzzle that is slowly pulling together.
Land records can be a feast for the genealogist.
Land records help to determine relationships and are useful in tracing migration.
Land records relating to the buying and selling of land can yield family and local history facts.
Most land records are one or two pages in length.
Land redistribution is paramount to wealth creation for all.
Land redistribution is to go ahead despite the strike.
Land reform can increase both employment and income.
Land reform continues to be slow.
Land reform is a complex issue and one that is unique to each country.
Land reform is a good example.
Land reform is a key vehicle for asset redistribution.
Land reform is a longstanding and very sensitive issue in Zimbabwe.
Land reform is a much safer and more equitable route to food security.
Land reform is a popular issue among the poorer, mainly black section of society in South Africa.
Land reform is an emotive issue.
Land reform is an empowerment process for our people.
Land reform is as far off as ever.
Land reform is essential in trying to rectify the injustices of the past.
Land reform is firmly on the political agenda.
Land reform is necessary.
Land reform is offered as a solution.
Land reform is probably the most controversial.
Land reform is reform
Land reform is reform.
Land reform is still in preliminary stages.
Land reform is still in the preliminary stages.
Land reform is very dangerous.
Land reform remains a vital issue for the poor and dispossessed in the country.
Land reforms are applicable only to the agricultural lands.
Land reforms remain at the core of their development process too.
Land registration is based on a general boundary system.
Land registration makes it easier for outsiders to come in and exploit the resources.
Land rent is included in direct expenses, so direct expenses tend to be higher on cash rented land.
Land rents are cash rental rates adjusted for real estate interest.
Land restoration attempts to re-create original ecosystems that once existed.
Land restoration refers to practices that actively restore eroded or degraded land.
Land rights are a difficult and complex issue.
Land rights are essential for survival of Indian cultures and the rain forest.
Land rights are in dispute all over Kenya.
Land sales continue briskly.
Land sales form a substantial proportion of government revenue.
Land sales report to tax commission.
All land sales are dependent upon job creation.
Some land sales are owner financed.
Land security can mean food security.
Land security raises complex issues.
Land slides involve dry soil, and mud slides are caused by a water and soil mixture.
Land snails are a neglected faunal group.
Land snails are calciphiles, thriving in limestone environments.
Land snails are hermaphroditic, that is, each snail has both male and female parts.
Land snails are marginally, but very successfully, terrestrial.
Land snails are nocturnal animals and move to food and partners in the late evening or at night.
Land snails are quite habitat specific.
Land snails are quite hardy and can survive for many days with little food or water.
Land snails are snails.
Land snails avoid desiccation in several ways.
Land snails consume rot vegetation.
Land snails consume vegetation.
Land snails eat plants.
Land snails eat vegetables and fruits, such as lettuce, carrots, cucumber and apples.
Land snails eat vegetables.
Land snails engage in various types of courting rituals to attract mates.
Land snails feed on decay matter.
Land snails feed on decay plant matter.
Land snails feed on matter.
Land snails have chambers.
Land snails have characteristics.
Land snails have holes.
Land snails have incredibly good homing instincts.
Land snails have many different kinds of coloured shells.
Land snails have several characteristics.
Land snails have shells.
Land snails have thin shells.
Land snails live on damp habitats.
Land snails live on habitats.
Land snails require minimal care.
Land snails use an internal mantle as a lung.
Land snails use the mantle cavity as a rudimentary lung.
All land snail have calcium carbonate crystals in their egg shells.
All land snails are hermaphrodites, producing both spermatozoa and ova.
Many land snails can lift ten times their own weight up a vertical surface.
Many land snails mate regularly as long as their living conditions are adequate for survival.
Most land snails bear one or two pairs of tentacles on their heads.
Most land snails eat plants and other vegetation.
Most land snails eat plants.
Most land snails eat vegetables.
Most land snails feed on decay matter.
Most land snails feed on decay plant matter.
Most land snails feed on matter.
Most land snails have chambers.
Most land snails have characteristics.
Most land snails have holes.
Most land snails have interesting projections on the fronts of their heads.
Most land snails have several characteristics.
Most land snails have shells that are drab in colour and inconspicuous.
Most land snails have shells that are right-handed in their coiling.
Most land snails have shells.
Most land snails have thin shells.
Most land snails have two pairs of tentacles, whereas aquatic snails generally have just one pair.
Most land snails lack gills and breathe with a lung derived from the mantle cavity.
Most land snails occupy the surface litter and upper soil zone.
Some land snails excrete acid.
Some land snails feed on bark.
Some land snails have fronts.
Some land snails have tentacles.
Some land snails provide food.
Some land snails rely on diets.
Some land snails serve roles.
Some land snails spend almost their whole lives in trees.
Land speculation is also rampant.
Land speculation is halted.
Land speculation is like playing the stock market.
Land speculation is unprofitable when the rate of return is less than the opportunity rate.
Land speculation keeps land off the market.
Land speculation leads to increased building and demand for carpenters, who pull in good money.
Land speculation produces no goods or services.
Land speculation slows the economy in two ways.
Land speculators are a plague upon society.
Land speculators can increase their income by denying land access to labor and capital.
Land speculators hold land undeveloped, hoping to earn a higher price in the future.
Land speculators make out.
Land speculators pocket the difference.
All land stations house an engine and a water tender.
Some land stewards consider impact.
Land stewardship is almost parental in nature.
Land stewardship is everyone's responsibility.
Land stewardship See stewardship .
Land subdivision is a critical first step in defining the built environment.
Land subsidence can lower levees, increasing the threat of flooding.
Land subsidence is defined as the lowering of the land surface.
Land subsidence is projected to continue as a function of ground water withdrawals.
Land subsidence is the surface expression of cumulative deformation at depth.
Land surface is opaque.
Land surface is solid, so molecules can only vibrate more when they absorb radiation.
Land surface processes.
Land surface sinks relative to sea level.
Land surface temperatureswould also plummet.
Land surfaces are held together by multiple forces.
Land surfaces have a higher specific heat than water surfaces.
Land surfaces radiate heat.
Land surfaces react quickly to heat gain and loss, becoming warm in summer, cold in winter.
Land surfaces show up as gray and ocean surfaces nearly black.
Land surfaces tend to appear gray.
All land surfaces are subject to diverse processes that operate at greatly varying rates.
Most land surfaces radiate heat.
Some land surfaces are produced by erosion.
Land surveys can be complex documents.
Land surveyors complete tasks.
Land surveyors establish and mark property lines.
Land surveyors establish official land, air space, and water boundaries.
Land surveyors locate official land, air space, and water boundaries.
Land surveyors measure distances and elevations along the earth's surface.
Most land surveyors complete tasks.
Some land surveyors find jobs.
A land tax is a tax
Land tax is instituted and the Marriage Act forbids unauthorized persons to marry.
Land taxation offers a potentially broad and expanding revenue base as privatization continues.
Land tenure continues to be a volatile policy domain.
Land tenure is a critical concern to investors.
Land tenure is a highlighted issue.
Land tenure is a legal right
Land tenure is a major issue and basic services are almost non-existent.
Land tenure is a serious problem, pitting the farmers against the miners.
Land tenure is another issue constraining commercial opportunities.
Land tenure is based on a system of double unilineal descent.
Land tenure is even more of a concern.
Land tenure is often the basis of commercial activity.
Land tenure is the foundation stone upon which sound planning and management rests.
Land tenure is unbalanced.
Land tenure refers to a set of rights which a person or organisation holds in land.
Land tenure refers to a set of rights which a person or organization holds in land.
Land titles are the granddaddy of all privileges.
Land tortoises are common in Syria.
Land tortoises consume food.
Land tortoises travel slowly but can sometimes manage human walking speeds.
Most land tortoises consume food.
Some land tortoises are vegetarian, and spend their days grazing and foraging.
Land transport includes all the structures and systems that help move people and goods on the land.
Land transport is hassle-free with an extensive bus and train service, and taxis are easy to find.
Land trust protect land permanently and directly.
Land trusts accept outright donations of property or conservation easements to prevent development.
Land trusts acquire, through purchase or donation, land or conservation easements on land.
Land trusts are a great way to keep land off the market rate real estate appreciation cycle.
Land trusts are an important tool for protecting land resources for the public benefit.
Land trusts are experts at helping landowners find ways to protect their land.
Land trusts are extremely effective vehicles for conserving land.
Land trusts are generally private, nonprofit charitable corporations dedicated to land conservation.
Land trusts are natural partners in preserving our nation's land legacy.
Land trusts are nonprofit organizations that work to protect open space.
Land trusts are non-profit, charitable organizations which save land for public benefit.
Land trusts are often all or almost-all volunteer organizations with limited budgets and resources.
Land trusts are one of the fastest growing environmental movements.
Land trusts are one tool to prevent the loss of low income housing.
Land trusts are the creative answer to today's conservation challenges.
Land trusts are the fastest growing sector of the environmental movement in America.
Land trusts are tools people can use.
Land trusts can act as a catalyst when public agencies want to buy protective interests in land.
Land trusts can also play the role of mediator, planner, and consensus builder in land use disputes.
Land trusts can also purchase or accept donations of land, or manage land owned by others.
Land trusts can and do succeed in making a difference.
Land trusts can be invaluable partners with their public colleagues in conserving open space.
Land trusts can help owners establish conservation easements.
Land trusts do know.
Land trusts give landowners more choices.
Land trusts have limited resources.
Land trusts help advise landowners on how to preserve their land.
Land trusts make strong conservation partners.
Land trusts monitor the property.
Land trusts offer a valuable mechanism through which private interests can conserve open space.
Land trusts operate in rural, urban, and suburban areas.
Land trusts play important roles in watershed or community planning.
Land trusts protect land permanently and directly.
Land trusts protect land that has natural, recreational, scenic, historic or productive value.
Land trusts protect property from development in more than one way.
Land trusts protect the best places.
Land trusts provide a cost-effective approach to conservation.
Land trusts purchase and accept donations of conservation easements.
Land trusts respond rapidly to conservation needs and operate in cities, rural, and suburban areas.
Land trusts serve many functions in a community.
Land trusts use a variety of creative and innovative methods to preserve lands.
Land trusts vary greatly.
Land trusts work cooperatively with landowners,the community, and government agencies.
Most land trusts are also involved in environmental education.
Most land trusts are private, nonprofit corporations.
Some land trusts are also involved in conservation education and related activities.
Some land trusts are very particular about the lands that they receive or purchase.
Some land trusts help negotiate conservation transactions in which they play no other role.
Some land trusts preserve many different types of land.
Some land trusts purchase or accept donations of land or of conservative easements.
Some land trusts work alone.
Land turtles bury themselves in soil or under rotting vegetation.
Land turtles can live indoors, but often require lots of space, especially if they are big.
Land turtles feed as they go, shearing off bits of leaves, flowers, or fruits when they feel hungry.
Land turtles inhabit deserts, rainforests, mountains, rivers and marshes.
Land turtles live in the forest and sea turtles live in the ocean.
Land turtles require a large amount of land, heated quarters, hiding areas, and an appropriate diet.
Some land turtles can actually out run a human on level ground.
Land uses are more consolidated and the fabric of the road is more disconnected.
Land uses are primarily residential and commercial.
Land uses continue to evolve on either side of the roadway.
Land uses generate vehicle, pedestrian, bicycle, and transit trips.
Land uses vary from state to state.
Land uses vary, be sure to check federal, state and local ordinances for details.
Land usage is a real problem here.
Land use affects likelihood.
Land use affects water quality.
Land use can affect groundwater quality.
Land use can contribute to the volume of water reaching the river, in a similar way to clay soils.
Land use can have an important effect on transportation.
Land use comes first.
Land use constitutes agriculture s most important contribution to emissions.
Land use includes commercial fishing, fish farming, agriculture, and tourism.
Land use is a dynamic phenomenon that can change in the space of a few days or weeks.
Land use is a hot topic in Ohio.
Land use is a key component of the historic environment.
Land use is a major issue and pouring more concrete is expensive and environmentally challenging.
Land use is a mix of agriculture, forest, and urban areas.
Land use is a mix of residential, commercial, and industrial development.
Land use is a mix of residential, recreational, agricultural, and industrial enterprises.
Land use is a very important dynamic system in developing countries.
Land use is about equally divided between cropland, pasture and woodland.
Land use is an emotional issue.
Land use is an important determinant of the function of an area's roads.
Land use is an integral part.
Land use is another area of concern for the agricultural community as urban uses increase.
Land use is another major factor in the environmental impact of biological energy.
Land use is another major issue in the race.
Land use is at the heart of many environmental, social and economic issues facing the state.
Land use is complicated by divergent values.
Land use is controlled by local governments.
Land use is different because it refers to how humans make use of the land.
Land use is discussed in terms of trends, farm size, crops, livestock, and pastures.
Land use is dominated by a sequence of short fallow and agricultural lands and cocoa agroforests.
Land use is dominated by wildlife habitat and recreation.
Land use is driven by dollars while environmental concerns multiply.
Land use is driven by property taxes.
Land use is given a simple color code.
Land use is inherently a local decision.
Land use is inherently a responsibility of municipal and county governments.
Land use is mainly agricultural with some woodland.
Land use is mainly agriculture and woodland.
Land use is noted, as are the values of land, buildings, and machinery.
Land use is predominantly agricultural with cropland the largest component.
Land use is predominantly agricultural, with rice and ranching as the primary land use.
Land use is predominantly agricultural.
Land use is predominately agricultural and consists mainly of pasture and cropland.
Land use is predominately agricultural.
Land use is primarily agricultural with some residential housing along the main roads.
Land use is the fourth path.
Land use is the greatest influence over nitrate concentration.
Land use is the manner in which human beings utilize a specific tract of the earth's surface.
Land use is the presentation of human activities on the land.
Land use is therefore a critical issue in such countries' developmental strategies.
Land use is typical of residential areas.
Land use is where city authority is at risk, and our growth is going to make that more apparent.
Land use is where sustainable development gets real.
Land use needs to be part of the debate in transportation funding discussions.
Land use permits l .
Land use planning to maintain our small town atmosphere is well under way.
Land use plays an essential role in greenhouse gas emissions from the natural environment.
Land use plays an important role in protecting the environment, too.
Land use provides many of the chemical and sediment inputs that affect water quality.
Land use refers to how humans employ the land.
Land use represents a critical intersection of the economy and the environment.
Land use shown is general and only conceptual in nature.
Land use surrounding the area is predominantly residential.
Land use surrounding the sites is mainly agricultural, but there are residences close to each site.
Land use takes that same dogged persistence and doing more each year.
Land use varies from forest, to agriculture, to urban.
Land uses are the major human forces that shape and organize rural communities.
Land uses have a powerful impact on water quantity and quality.
Every land use has an impact on the environment.
Most land use affects likelihood.
Some land use has effects.
Some land use leads to degradations.
Land valuations provide somewhat of a subsitute.
Land value are too high to make new low rent projects feasible.
Land value is a near perfect metric of the health of a society.
Land value is a unique chapter.
Land value is determined by the demand for living and working space.
Land value is determined by the dynamics of the local real estate market.
Land value is shaped by natural and social factors which is appropriated by landowners.
Land value measures society's health and belongs to all members equally.
Land values are extremely competitive.
Land values are high only because supported by expectations of profitability.
Land values are steady.
Land values are still reasonable and there is a progressive and realistic local government in place.
Land values are substantially lower than in many nearby districts.
Land values are under pressure.
Land values go up, and farmers are tempted to sell to developers.
Land values increase over time, as has happened, no doubt in the present appeal.
Most land value is in urban land.
Most land vehicles have wheels.
Land vertebrates develop problems.
Land vertebrates have nostrils.
Land vertebrates live in areas.
Land vertebrates live in diverse areas.
Land vertebrates live in such diverse areas.
Land yachts are also welcome.
Land yachts are probably cheaper to buy than sailing dinghys or catamarans.
Land yachts are some wild contraptions.
Land yachting is fast and exciting and an easy way to grasp the essentials of sailing.
A land is a real estate
Land absorbs heat from the sun much faster than the water.
Land abutting a highway interchange is valuable, but only if travelers can reach it easily.
Land acquired by gift or bequest is recorded at the fair market value at the date of acquisition.
Land acquired by the government is removed from tax rolls.
Land acts like a collectible - and there is the problem.
Land affected by water contamination looks white.
Land alone is considered a good investment because of rising prices.
Land already owned by the state, county or municipality is usually the best choice.
Land also believes the prevalence of electronic violence has led to real-life violence.
Land also has a good number of hindrances.
Land also includes corrals, arena, and employee home.
Land also maintains affordability when it is freed from speculation and private profiteering.
Land also offers an excellent opportunity.
Land appears almost as an after thought.
Land appears green to red, and white where snow lies on the coastal mountains.
Land appears green to red.
Land apply the liquid and pumpable slurry to crop land at agronomic rates .
Land apply the liquid and pumpable slurry to crop land at agronomic rates.
Land apply waste on sunny, warm days according to an approved nutrient management plan.
Land applying biosolids is an alternative to landfill disposal of waste products.
Land aresa in true life color.
Land based activities include hiking, horseback riding, tennis and other sports.
Land based airpower can be anywhere in the world in a matter of hours.
Land based assaults are far from boring, though.
Land based fishing in places such as the Gregory River requires one very important factor.
Land based law enforcement officers on our staff assist both on and off the Internet.
Land based revenues can be a vehicle where all stakeholders benefit.
Land based there are birds, Key deer, and exotic vegetation to name a few.
Land based workshops and presentations are available, using slides and video.
Land becomes a commodity.
Land becomes a premium, and freedom a dream.
Land becomes desertified when it can no longer support the same plant growth it had in the past.
Land becomes unproductive and serves no purpose.
Land becomes useless if more fertile soil is made accessible in sufficient quantities.
Land belongs to all things.
Land belongs to communities with no rights to exploit subterranean resources.
Land belongs to the people who live on it.
Land bordering public land, especially national forests, is a big plus.
Land bordering the flowage varies from level terrain to steeply rolling hills.
Land breeze A coastal breeze that blows from land to sea, usually at night.
Land cables Aerial cables and buried cables.
Land can be an excellent asset to fund a remainder trust.
Land can be closed areas for land management or safety reasons and to safeguard wildlife.
Land can degrade in several ways associated with the loss of deep-rooted plants.
Land can draw strong visual images.
Land can have different types of soil .
Land can have different types of soil.
Land can only support subsistence agriculture but the surrounding seas are rich in marine life.
Land can thus become a reliable guarantee for foreign investors.
Land carries social and spiritual meaning that goes beyond agricultural potential.
Land clearing from timber harvesting also produces increased siltation.
Land consists mainly of towns or ports.
Land continues to be the property of the state.
Land continues to get more valuable.
Land costs money and lawyers cost even more.
Land costs much more and is less available.
Land costs two to three times more per square foot downtown than in outlying areas.
Land cover The type of feature present on the surface of the earth.
Land creates income, which varies greatly.
Land currently resides in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Land depends on trees, without the roots of trees to hold it together, land becomes desert.
Land designated as road is an area set aside for the present or future use of the travelling public.
Land designated for corporate office use is available.
Land designated for housing, for instance, is worth much more than farmland.
Land devastated by gully erosion is reforested.
Land devoted to high-priority conservation practices is ineligible for emergency grazing.
Land dominated by weeds has low biological value and is of little or no use to human societies.
Land drives our real estate prices.
Land drops steeply down into the sea, but on the other side it is very flat.
Land earns rent, labor earns wages, capital earns interest, and management earns a salary.
Land eat toward several five or persuade condor golf balls.
Land eat toward several five or persuade eastern mountain sports stores.
Land Enter the fund's holdings in land investments.
Land extends to back of existing building.
Land falling from west and north, the town is conspicuous as it stand on a lowland.
Land fills consists of burying waste in a giant hole.
Land flipping accelerates disinvestment.
Land forbidden to people becomes a haven for wildlife.
Land fronts two unpaved county highways.
Land generally level.
Land goes fallow without proper care.
Land goes up in price and resistance to selling goes down.
Land has a carrying capacity.
Land has a natural spring and a stream.
Land has a spiritual value.
Land has beautiful views and a small pond.
Land has been set aside for the new facility, all that is needed is money to begin construction.
Land has electric service, but nothin else.
Land has excellent potential for a building site and as a managed woodlot.
Land has good pasture for animals, and a year round creek filled with trout for watering livestock.
Land has good ponds for fishing and dove hunting and good bow stands and ground blinds.
Land has great software links.
Land has greater value to community as entire river corridor assembled.
Land has many building sites with frontage on a paved road.
Land has many habitats, more oxygen than water, but is less dense for supporting body than water.
Land has many temperature changes.
Land has multiple uses and multiple soils.
Land has multiple uses as was demonstrated during the development phase.
Land has several good home sites.
Land has timber.
Land has views, ponds and pastures.
Land heats quicker than water during the day and cools quicker than water when sunlight is absent.
Land heats up and cools down faster than does water.
Land heats up and cools much faster.
Land held by non-profit conservation groups lowers that figure even more.
Land here is at a premium, and prices are high.
Land here is quite expensive and so an air of exclusivity hangs in the air.
Land here is so rich that it needs no fertilizer.
Land includes a one-stall horse barn with loft.
Land includes all natural resources and opportunities.
Land includes green meadows for horses with stables and hay storage.
Land includes mineral, water and wildlife resources.
Land includes soil and water resources, land surface and vegetation or crops.
Land includes the surface of water.
Land is  of that area, and water is .
Land is a better absorber of radiation than water.
Land is a capital investment, where profits play out over many years.
Land is a central feature of national symbolism.
Land is a common denominator for government information and many private transactions.
Land is a devolved subject.
Land is a distant memory, the waves are large and unrelenting, and the work is slimy and arduous.
Land is a factor of production and was a key element in the traditional economy.
Land is a finite asset, but too often it is viewed as a bottomless pit.
Land is a finite resource.
Land is a fundanental birthright.
Land is a gift of nature and has no 'value'.
Land is a limited and precious commodity on an island.
Land is a limited commodity.
Land is a limited resource.
Land is a luuxury, and of all luxuries is the most costly.
Land is a national asset.
Land is a nice mix of pasture and wooded areas with a stream.
Land is a past president of that group.
Land is a precious commodity in today's world.
Land is a pre-requisite for investment and there is no shortage of land for development in Guyana.
Land is a primary resource that faces serious conflicts among sectoral users.
Land is a scarce resource in China.
Land is a scarce resource.
Land is a sensory extravaganza.
Land is a small nation with a rapidly developing economy.
Land is a State government responsibility under the Australian Constitution.
Land is a typical example of an item that can be cut up into smaller pieces.
Land is a valuable resource which takes lots of time to regenerate.
Land is a very valuable resource in the agricultural regions of Guatemala.
Land is a vital long-term natural resource.
Land is a vital resource, a livelihood, a soul.
Land is acquired by the State through purchase, trades, and gifts.
Land is acquired either through direct purchase, donation, or condemnation.
Land is acquired only from willing sellers.
Land is acquired through gifts, purchases, conservation easements, and management agreements.
Land is actually cheaper in southern New Mexico than in many parts of Mexico.
Land is affordable with expedited permitting.
Land is against going a penny deeper.
Land is all improved coastal meadows.
Land is all open except approx.
Land is all usable.
Land is allocated for heavy, light, service and commercial industries.
Land is allocated to the use with the highest return.
Land is almost all open with beautiful established gardens.
Land is also a key issue.
Land is also available for builder development.
Land is also available for redevelopment.
Land is also available in one of the numerous municipal or regional business parks.
Land is also cheap there.
Land is also our link with our ancestors.
Land is also relatively inexpensive.
Land is also sublet within the family in a creative, flexible arrangement that works for everyone.
Land is also the issue in the resource control debate in Nigeria.
Land is also theology.
Land is always a very valuable asset.
Land is always at issue.
Land is always local.
Land is an inconvenient necessity for breeding.
Land is an opportunity, and one which usually has a price in the north-eastern region.
Land is another area in which starting early and negotiating pay off.
Land is another chronically confusing word.
Land is another.
Land is appraised, and sold at or above fair market value.
Land is at a premium and every inch gets used, carefully.
Land is at an ever-increasing premium.
Land is at present under cultivation but can be used for residential development.
Land is avail on lease basis in the area and the rate per acre is from Rs.
Land is available - the city authority has land, the government has land.
Land is available adjacent to the airport property for development.
Land is available and ideal for park condition.
Land is available and people are eager to begin the work of eco-village development.
Land is available and relatively cheap.
Land is available for a new school, and it is owned by the local authority.
Land is available for additional growers.
Land is available for development at competitive prices.
Land is available for future Parking expansion.
Land is available for investors in above estates except at Sr.
Land is available for lease for hangars or businesses and hangars are available for rent.
Land is available for lease north of the runways for industrial and airport related development.
Land is available for lease to port-related industries, terminals, and distribution facilities.
Land is available for long term lease.
Land is available for research plots at two locations in the immediate Baton Rouge area.
Land is available for resettlement.
Land is available in many of the Cape's towns, but check on building restrictions.
Land is available in several exclusive subdivisions at attractive prices.
Land is available in small chunks of an acre lot to hundreds of acres for building a farm.
Land is available to lease for hangar construction.
Land is available to purchase.
Land is available, lots are large and costs are affordable.
Land is both accessible and affordable.
Land is both permanent and immovable.
Land is both wooded and open.
Land is bought only for use.
Land is broken and mountainous.
Land is brown and sea is blue.
Land is burned, and prepared for new growth, so that building progress can be made.
Land is but a particular form of capital from the point of view of the individual manufacturer.
Land is cardboard.
Land is central to any form of native self government or compensation package.
Land is central to the debate over sovereignty.
Land is cheap and grass is plentiful.
Land is cheap in Austin, which means that, for better or for worse, growth is inevitable.
Land is cheap.
Land is cheaper in Sacramento.
Land is cheaper out there and, at least in the beginning, taxes are lower.
Land is cheaper to develop as high density, as opposed to leaving it natural.
Land is cleared and mostly level, with some live oak trees.
Land is cleared in front of the sugar bush.
Land is cleared so that cattle can graze.
Land is cleared to plant crop s or build houses and factories.
Land is cleared with basic tools, often handmade.
Land is closer to mills and in areas of less controversy.
Land is concentrated in the hands of a few rich landowners.
Land is confiscated and settlements are established.
Land is considered a sacred thing.
Land is considered homogeneous.
Land is considered to be a colored card matching the type of mana it produces.
Land is consumed to house growing human populations.
Land is contoured and seeded according to landowner agreements and regulatory agency requirements.
Land is controlled by multifamily corporate kin groups.
Land is conveyed to the State by the city of Springfield, Missouri.
Land is created and land is destroyed.
Land is critically different than every other commodity.
Land is crossed by a small stream.
Land is currently in alfalfa and corn.
Land is currently instrumental in the development and design of client Web sites.
Land is dedicated to managing ruffed grouse habitat.
Land is designated for student farms and construction begins on farm buildings.
Land is developed under the conditions and requirements of both zones.
Land is different from other real estate and financial assets.
Land is different.
Land is divided by county road.
Land is divided into Congressional townships and townships are further divided into sections.
Land is divided into recognized tribal orbits within which are roving family groups.
Land is donated to land trust or agency at death.
Land is dry and flat.
Land is due to be released for sale there soon.
Land is essential for growth.
Land is essential production means of agriculture.
Land is essential to farming.
Land is essential to foxhunting.
Land is expensive and tough to find.
Land is expensive.
Land is extremely private.
Land is fairy rough and is protected by conservation regulations.
Land is fall chisel plowed and prepared with a field cultivator prior to planting.
Land is family property.
Land is far more than a place to build one s house and make one s living.
Land is far too valuable to be used to house cars.
Land is fenced and cross fenced for horses and stock, has water rights, and an irrigation system.
Land is fenced and cross-fenced.
Land is fenced with pasture, two outbuildings and shared well.
Land is fenced.
Land is flat and has trees.
Land is flat, well tiled and has grain elevators.
Land is flat.
Land is for their economic survival.
Land is fronted on state maintained road.
Land is fundamental to Aboriginal life in very different ways.
Land is gained all the way to the gian Sea.
Land is gained by filling in marshes for agriculture, development and road construction.
Land is given if a baby is born or taken if somebody dies.
Land is given to a conservancy for many reasons.
Land is ground or soil used for a particular purpose.
Land is grouped together that has similar uses and characteristics.
Land is hard to find because it is in scarce supply in our most overcrowded areas.
Land is harder to come by with the spread of suburbs.
Land is held in trust for the family and the future generation.
Land is held under the allodial system in the United States.
Land is here very cheap.
Land is high ground.
Land is home.
Land is hot around Dallas.
Land is implicitly and explicitly personified.
Land is important for both the spiritual and social well-being of Aboriginal communities.
Land is important for peoples to survive culturally and in their humanity.
Land is in abundance in Nigeria for agricultural, industrial and commercial activities.
Land is in demand for housing and recreational use.
Land is in process of being surveyed.
Land is in short supply and demand is high.
Land is in short supply in Korea amid the rapid expansion of urban areas.
Land is in short supply with the large populations of people and livestock.
Land is in sight.
Land is in two parcels.
Land is increasingly unavailable, unaffordable.
Land is just too expensive.
Land is known to set a goal, establish a purpose, define the target, and take aim.
Land is largely unproductive for food until it has been ploughed, made ready.
Land is level and has good water with extensive well irrigation systems.
Land is level and mostly open.
Land is level to gently rolling and all wooded.
Land is level to gently rolling, with access to two county roads.
Land is level to gently rolling.
Land is level, having a rich black soil five feet deep with a clay subsoil underneath.
Land is light grey.
Land is limited and using it sustainably and effectively is an increasing concern.
Land is limited.
Land is listed in numbered plots.
Land is located on top of the hill and borders state land.
Land is lost illegally by most tribes.
Land is made up of dirt.
Land is mainly mesquite, post oak, prickly pear and wild persimmon.
Land is managed primarily for timber.
Land is masked in white and clouds are masked in greys.
Land is measured in townships and sections of townships.
Land is Monterey County's most valuable resource.
Land is more valuable in other uses.
Land is most all open, rolling and scenic, fenced on one side and good well.
Land is mostly downhill from road.
Land is much more attainable here and horses and homes get more of it.
Land is much sort after for development of a different kind.
Land is nearly on the horizon, and so is work.
Land is needed both for production and for assimilation of waste.
Land is needed for all production.
Land is needed for future projects.
Land is neither indestructible nor inexhaustible.
Land is neither private property, nor is it communally owned and worked in a socialist sense.
Land is never just dirt.
Land is no different from any other asset.
Land is no investment for beginners.
Land is no longer a factor of production.
Land is no longer available for large subdivisions of several hundred homes.
Land is now under water and is excess.
Land is nowhere to be found.
Land is obviously a limited resource.
Land is of that area , and water is .
Land is offered to anyone willing to take up the challenge of clearing it.
Land is on west side of easement.
Land is one of Pueblo s greatest assets.
Land is one of the fundamental elements in human settlements.
Land is one of the sixteen federal states which make up the Federal Republic of Germany.
Land is one of the three factors of production, alongside capital and labour.
Land is one's flesh and blood.
Land is only what people see in it and make of it.
Land is our flesh and body.
Land is our sustenance.
Land is owned and managed communally through a land tenure system called an agrarian community.
Land is owned by the city.
Land is owned collectively and centers around the great-grandmother.
Land is owned.
Land is owner owned.
Land is passed on through the family by the women.
Land is perked, and the mountain is bursting with fresh spring water.
Land is permanent and stable, a source of spiritual origins and sustaining belief.
Land is plentiful.
Land is positive, water is negative.
Land is posted.
Land is power in Brazil, where unequal land distribution has triggered rural violence.
Land is precious in tiny Denmark, and good agricultural land a national treasure.
Land is precious on the island and gardens are prized.
Land is precious.
Land is property, money is property, freedom is property.
Land is protected through fee acquisition or by the purchase of conservation easements.
Land is purchased dirt-cheap and sold at high prices.
Land is purchased years later.
Land is readily available throughout the island at competitive prices.
Land is ready for building, and buildings are for lease or sale.
Land is real estate.
Land is real estate's most valuable resource because Planet Earth provides only a fixed supply.
Land is really a type of capital good.
Land is reclaimed from war and planted in gardens.
Land is recorded in city tax records as a cemetery.
Land is registered with the state through a property declaration or land survey.
Land is relatively cheap and so is labour.
Land is relatively low here, and there is a good labor force.
Land is relatively scarce and consequently when farms do change hands, prices tend to be high.
Land is sandy or rocky.
Land is scarce and expensive.
Land is scarce and highly coveted in Rwanda, Africa's most densely populated country.
Land is scarce in Singapore and it is government policy to have complete control over land usage.
Land is scarce, particularly in large cities, and start-up costs for new schools are enormous.
Land is scarce.
Land is secluded.
Land is secondary.
Land is set aside to add retail later in the development.
Land is shown in gray.
Land is shown in the lower panel.
Land is simply cheaper on the fringe of the metro area.
Land is sold.
Land is sparse and the farmers have to make careful use of every inch of it.
Land is still available.
Land is still property.
Land is still reasonable in price as compared with surrounding districts.
Land is still relatively inexpensive.
Land is subdivided into sections and allotments.
Land is such a book.
Land is suitable for horses.
Land is surrounded by public lands on three sides.
Land is surveyed before the construction of a building or a road, or any other structure.
Land is taken from private owners and handed to the peasants.
Land is taken in war.
Land is the base around which a culture evolves.
Land is the base upon which human society exists.
Land is the basis of economic freedom for all people.
Land is the basis of freedom, justice and equality.
Land is the best place for land animals.
Land is the cause.
Land is the exception.
Land is the first objective and presently there are no feasible opportunities.
Land is the fundamental cause of the tension.
Land is the issue.
Land is the major source of food, employment, and income in rural areas.
Land is the most valuable asset for the poor people living in the drylands.
Land is the most valuable thing that exists for man.
Land is the only smoker in the field.
Land is the passive factor in production, as man is the active factor.
Land is the primary component of the developing industry.
Land is the primary issue.
Land is the root of all money.
Land is the single biggest cost of production component.
Land is the skeleton, and the circulatory system of a community.
Land is the smokescreen.
Land is the source of all production.
Land is the source of their economic subsistence.
Land is the starting point to where it all began.
Land is the third main resource.
Land is thereby no longer merely limited to the philosophical nature of a landscape outlook.
Land is to Iowa as water is to the sea, the one essential thing.
Land is too wet to replant acreage destroyed by the recent heavy rain.
Land is tough over there and money never was abundant.
Land is unsafe to farm.
Land is usually less expensive the further one goes from towns and cities.
Land is valuable.
Land is valued almost solely on sales and specific attributes.
Land is valued based on the market or comparative sales approach and the allocation approach.
Land is valued based on the selling prices of similar parcels of vacant land in the neighborhood.
Land is very important to America.
Land is very much broken except in the bottoms of the rivers.
Land is warmed quickly by the sun.
Land is well ditched under good conservation measures.
Land is what counts.
Land is what most bank portfolio managers know.
Land is worthless unless it's of the Unglued variety.
Land isa object.
Land lays good.
Land leveling for rice is in progress.
Land lies gently rolling, with fields and acres of large timber.
Land lies next to other land.
Land living mollusks, like the snail, move slowly on a flat sole called a foot.
Land locked countries are an obvious problem for surfing.
Land looks good after our stormy trip.
Land makes people into who they are, and when they lose it, they lose their identity.
Land makes up part of the earth's lithosphere, while the air comprises earth's atmosphere.
Land means all land and water areas including airspace.
Land means our language, our way of life, our relationships among peoples.
Land needs to be set aside for prairie dogs that have been displaced.
Land never goes away.
Land never produces profits.
Land occupied by the company is included in the authorized capital.
Land offers so much potential for the owners.
Land once covered by vegetation is cleared as roads, shops and houses are built.
Land only includes all the above except air fare.
Land only includes the above except air fare.
Land owned by other nations appears as a numeric digit.
Land owned by the District is exempt from property taxes.
Land owned by the hydroelectric company is often open to the public for hiking, hunting, and skiing.
Land owned by water utilities falls into one of three classes.
Land plays a role in the business' long-range total logistical management plan.
Land protected by conservation easement is open to the public only if the landowner allows it.
Land prove to be the most stable form of investment.
Land provides a basis for all Indigenous societies.
Land provides a surplus, that is land provides more food than is necessary for day to day survival.
Land provides great hunting.
Land provides the platform for most development.
Land purchased by the university is recorded at cost.
Land reads easily and smoothly, prompting quick chuckles and momentary sympathies.
Land reclaimed by drainage becomes available for development, offsetting cost of drainage project.
Land records many times contain information on immigration.
Land remains on the property tax rolls.
Land remains relatively inexpensive, for the time being.
Land represents all natural resources, such as timber and gold, used in the production of a good.
Land rises from the sea and brings life on the third day.
Land runs to the creek.
Land sakes, the word was just sort of casual, conversational, descriptive.
Land seems very far off.
Land serves as the township's legal adviser.
Land slides away.
Land slopes away from the pond, inhibiting direct runoff flow.
Land slopes up.
Land stays in hay four years.
Land still belongs to the state, with farmers having only the land-use rights.
Land still means something.
Land strate down.
Land surrounding the site is used primarily for agriculture and petroleum production.
Land surrounding the unnamed tributary is undeveloped.
Land symbolizes stability, normalcy and peace.
Land take required.
Land takes longer to close than a typical transaction.
Land there is also available for new construction.
Land there is dirt cheap.
Land there is dirt-cheap.
Land there is dry and rocky, favouring only cactus and lizards under a blistering sun.
Land try Confusion under composition upon several optical glasses hence flew of one building.
Land uplifts the shadow, higher.
Land use around that well consisted of irrigated fields fertilized with animal waste.
Land use attribute completeness is dependent upon completeness of general plan.
Land use boundary horizontal positional accuracy is variable across the Valley.
Land use change study for South East Asia.
Land use due diligence for recreational facilities, including track for horse racing.
Land use history and the composition of a Puerto Rican forest stand.
Land use improvements with some cost share opportunities.
Land use laws which limit development.
Land use lookup table.
Land use Main parts of the Vertisol regions are used for low intensity grazing.
Land use Many sandy soils are non-used wastelands.
Land use mapping and reliable presentation of information are a part of the national infrastructure.
Land use modeling support.
Land use spatial delineations and codes.
Land use vision planning identifies land use goals and objectives for the study area.
Land uses following mining include wetlands and lakes, forest production and wildlife habitat.
Land uses on the island are primarily residential, commercial, and light industrial.
Land visibly associated with the owner's residence is ineligible.
Land wo ich lebe nicht kaputt.
Lands are a part of Canada and British Columbia.
Lands are cheap.
Lands are exceedingly flat, low-lying, and subject to annual flooding.
Lands are level and fertile producing corn and tobacco.
Lands are located in continents.
Lands are located in countries.
Lands are located in countrysides.
Lands are located in earth.
Lands are located in maps.
Lands are located in oceans.
Lands are objects.
Lands are part of earth.
Lands are part of environments.
Lands are part of worlds.
Lands are real properties.
Lands are to splines what teeth are to gears.
Lands are too high to attract poor people.
Lands are used for farming.
Lands are used for hunting.
Lands are used for planting trees.
Lands are very cheap and abundant.
Lands bordering the outside margins of meander loops are inheritantly unstable.
Lands cause lands.
Lands Connecting on a personal level is an important part of sharing ideas.
Lands designated for primitive camping are usually in areas with difficult access.
Lands designated under the act are shaded red.
Lands End online and use instant message as an alternative to a phone call or e-mail order.
Lands exposed by natural accretion or reliction belong to the adjacent property owner in most cases.
Lands hold in fee.
Lands now known as Algeria and Morocco become a Roman province.
Lands owned by the state of Nevada also generate revenues to the state.
Lands patented to railroads, ca.
Lands preserved and mitigation measures imposed for one species usually benefit most other wildlife.
Land always descends to the next of kin at the moment of death.
Land often needs to be divided in smaller parcels.
Land usually has rigid legal rules of registration and official changes to land titles.
All land based conflict is ended.
All land based life forms are an enclosed sea with varying amounts of salt and trace elements.
All land belongs to the crown, but it is subdivided among the nobility.
All land belongs to the state in Mozambique.
All land has title insurance, and most is in Tree Growth.
All land is capitalized.
All land is clearly visible.
All land is converted to corn production and supply of corn increases and supply of rice declines.
All land is covered with boulders of milky white crystals.
All land is in a beautiful New England location.
All land is in mixed perennial forages that are used for haying and grazing.
All land is located in Grand Forks County, North Dakota.
All land is maintained in private ownership.
All land is managed.
All land is offered for sale on a without planning permission basis.
All land is open to staking unless withdrawn.
All land is owned by the government in China and leased to the people for various uses.
All land is part of a watershed.
All land is part of the watershed for some creek, stream, river or lake.
All land is sacred and humans are connected to it.
All land is sacred.
All land is under circular sprinklers.
All land is zoned for certain land uses.
All land owned by Native corporations is private land.
All land use planning takes place within administrative structures and constraints.
All land uses, whether agricultural, industrial or residential, influence environmental quality.
All lands managed by that individual then receive certification.
All lands surrounding the park are private.
Any land sold over the centuries no longer returns to the original owner.
Any lands sold are at fair market value, based on the value of other lands in the area.
Every land has next list articulation on armoured wheel vehicle and armoured track vehicle.
Every land is full of the discontented murmurs of the wicked, and of the jubilance of the good.
Every land pours rich things into our treasure-chest.
More land can support more dairy cows and potato fields, and timber for fire wood.
More land is available for commercial than industrial.
More land is available for sale to the shore if desired.
More land is available to lease or buy.
More land is available.
More land is devoted worldwide to production of wheat than to any other commercial crop.
More land is needed for planting, so stands of trees are cut down.
More land is often available from adjacent landowners.
More land is required for agriculture, causing deforestation and soil erosion.
More land is required for agriculture, leading to deforestation and soil erosion.
More land is threatened with withdrawal from public use for military purposes.
More land is used for human purposes, rather than left as natural ecosystems.
More land means more resource and a larger population.
More land needs to be purchased or maintained by private landowners as forest.
Most land based factories are also modern and technically well equipped.
Most land bordering Michigan s lakes and streams is zoned single-family.
Most land is below the river level, and only the levees prevent it from being submerged.
Most land is held as private property by individuals and can be bought and sold.
Most land is in unimproved pasture.
Most land is open for common use.
Most land is sold in multi acre plots.
Most land is under provincial jurisdiction.
Most land now used for Citrus production is in what used to be palmetto thickets.
Most lands acquired for the preserve are accessible year round for hiking and walking.
Most lands are in the prairie pothole region of Minnesota.
Most lands are part of worlds.
Most lands are sprinkler irrigated, with each farm providing the pressure required.
Much land is kept in permanent pasture for grazing.
Much land is owned by foreigners and multinational corporations.
Much land is under barley, oats, and spring wheat.
Some land appears to be under cultivation and pasture, although the extent is uncertain.
Some land contains minerals, oil, metals and various chemicals.
Some land is ceded.
Some land is empty because it has no carrying capacity.
Some land is just too wet to be economically competitive in crop production.
Some land is marked for green space.
Some land is purchased fee simple.
Some land is returned to the tribes, and issues of self-governance are further clarified.
Some land is used for crop production of tobacco and corn.
Some land surveying companies offer comprehensive services including some, or all of the above.
Some land trusts welcome volunteers and do a good job utilizing their skills.
Some lands are at too high an elevation to provide year-round wolf habitat.
Some lands are subject to private property rights, cattle grazing, or valid mining activity.
Some lands end up seeming barren, and nothing of interest for players to interact with.
Some lands provide good defense as well.
A landau is carriage
Landau have little choice but to overact, trying to create explosions where there is no dynamite.
Landbase images are somewhat easier to interpret since the features are typically more distinctive.
More landbird fledglings appear, and more second nesting attempts begin.
Landcare facilitators are very much left to themselves, to be out in rural communities.
Landcare groups are voluntary.
Landcare groups come together to deal with common land use issues or problems.
Landcare groups develop and implement local solutions to local problems.
Landes does agree.
Landes finds elements of truth and ideological fantasy in both viewpoints.
Landes is concerned with invention as opposed to economy-wide diffusion.
Landes is on target.
Landes is recognized by some as a pioneer in the study of race and gender relations .
Landes makes no compromises with any current fashion.
Landes never lets up.
Landes take on the subject.
Landes takes a too simple view of the inevitability of what happened.
A lander is a space vehicle
Lander acknowledges that there are potential benefits to germline engineering.
Lander hosts the International Climbers Festival.
Lander however sounds impeccably angelic one moment and hellspawn the next, surprising everyone.
Lander is no mere run 'n' gun game.
Lander is one of nine colleges and universities across the state that participate in the program.
Lander is where history began in Fremont County.
Lander offers a wide variety of students activities and organizations.
Lander touches down on Mars surface.
Lander wus from Scotland.
Landers are spacecrafts.
Landers can handle surface and atmospheric sampling, but are limited to the immediate landing site.
Landers hopes to educate growers on farming methods for alfalfa, an irrigated crop.
Landers is a flourishing bookshop established for twenty years in the village.
Landers is a quiet street just one block away from restaurants, shopping and transportation.
Landers is an Oklahoma City native.
Landers is the only full-time head coach in the history of Georgia's program.
Landers know nothing about boxing.
Landers points to one.
Landers redresses the balance.
Landers starts out ambitious enough.
A landfall is a coast
Landfall is imminent.
Landfall is uncertain and a broad geographic areas are alerted.
Landfall is uncertain and broad geographic areas are alerted.
Landfall specializes in liveaboard and land-based scuba trips.
Landfalls are sighting.
Landfill gas can also contain a variety of corrosive, toxic or odorous components.
Landfill gas can migrate through soil and threaten nearby structures.
Landfill gas consists mostly of methane and carbon dioxide.
Landfill gas contains approximately half the energy content of natural gas.
Landfill gas is a byproduct of decomposing garbage.
Landfill gas is caused by the decomposition of household waste.
Landfill gas is combustible and can be used as an energy source.
Landfill gas is considered a renewable source of natural gas since it comes from decaying garbage.
Landfill gas is created when waste in a landfill decomposes.
Landfill gas is destroyed using a flare.
Landfill gas is fired in the plant's boilers producing superheated steam.
Landfill gas is inherently dirty and wet when first extracted from the landfill.
Landfill gas is produced through the natural breakdown of waste deposited in a landfill.
Landfill gas is produced through the natural decomposition of waste deposited in a landfill.
Landfill gas is produced within about a year of the first tipping of household and commercial waste.
Landfill gas is used on a limited basis in many places to produce electricity or fuel for heating.
Landfill gas provides the opportunity to do just that.
Landfill gases are a by-product of decomposing organic materials.
Landfill gases are gases.
Landfill gases continue to be removed from the landfill and treated thermally.
Landfill mining is a straightforward technology using a small labor force and simple machinery.
Landfill site is located in an industrial setting of Macon, Georgia.
Landfill site is located in South Brunswick Township, near the border of Monroe Township.
Landfill sites are a possible source of toxic chemicals and produce large quantities of methane gas.
Landfill sites are hard to come by in many countries and they can pollute groundwater.
Landfill sites are sites.
Landfill sites give off methane and gas which can be used as energy for agriculture development.
Most landfill sites are unsuitable for building construction.
Landfill tax is charged when waste is dumped at a landfill site.
A landfill is lowland
Landfill accounts for commercial businesses.
Landfill bans Many countries insist that certain materials, if untreated, are kept out of landfills.
Landfill can be a wasted opportunity, and produces greenhouse gases.
Landfill closes on windy days.
Landfill contents leach chemicals, it is their nature.
Landfill covers keep moisture from reaching the landfill.
Landfill is closed all county holidays.
Landfill is generally applicable but consult local regulations.
Landfill is indicated, for instance, where gravel pits shown on old maps now no longer exist.
Landfill is no longer the simple solution.
Landfill is on right at end of driveway.
Landfill is on the right.
Landfill is only a long-term storage option.
Landfill is the current method of disposal and, while effective, has a limited future life.
Landfill is the second.
Landfill isa formation.
Landfill leachates and groundwater contamination.
Landfill legitimatize construction and operation.
Landfill remains a dominant waste disposal method.
Landfill remains the predominant waste disposal practice in Ireland.
Landfill See sanitary landfill .
Landfill sites Landfill produces methane, a harmful greenhouse gas.
Landfill use fluctuates with changes in the use of alternative solid waste management methods.
Landfill wastes produce gases, principally methane, as they decompose.
Landfills actually discourage biodegration.
Landfills are a big issue in Jackson County.
Landfills are a common remediation problem throughout America.
Landfills are a designated place where garbage is buried underground.
Landfills are also expensive to build.
Landfills are among some of the largest man-made structures on earth.
Landfills are another major source of contamination.
Landfills are bad, recycling is good.
Landfills are costly and limited in capacity.
Landfills are emission sources of particulates and gases.
Landfills are engineered areas where waste is placed into the land.
Landfills are expensive to maintain and difficult to locate.
Landfills are fewer in number than hauling companies.
Landfills are fewer, but can accept more solid waste.
Landfills are flexible.
Landfills are full.
Landfills are high-tech operations now.
Landfills are increasingly subject to closure which inexorably leads to increased hauling rates.
Landfills are incredibly environmentally unfriendly.
Landfills are indeed expensive.
Landfills are lowland.
Landfills are no longer the answer to the garbage problem.
Landfills are often in low-lying areas where refuse is buried between layers of earth.
Landfills are one solution, but in many countries they are filling up and closing down.
Landfills are other potential sites for bottle-diggers.
Landfills are overcrowded.
Landfills are primarily county issues.
Landfills are rich sources of methane.
Landfills are significant job generators for rural communities.
Landfills are still a crucial issue.
Landfills are still necessary.
Landfills are the largest single source, comprising almost a third of methane emissions.
Landfills are the largest source of human-caused methane emissions in the United States.
Landfills are the largest source of methane pollution in the United States.
Landfills are the most widely used solid waste management option.
Landfills are the places that our garbage is taken to be buried.
Landfills are the worst place to put used plastics.
Landfills are therefore more susceptible to lightning strikes than is flat ground.
Landfills are ultimate disposal.
Landfills are undesirable neighbors, affecting property values and community image.
Landfills are unpleasant to look at, reduce land values, and pose health risks.
Landfills are usually capped and lined in order to contain waste.
Landfills are waste management structures where waste is placed into the land.
Landfills are worth checking even in summer, as non-breeding birds can turn up at any time.
Landfills attract birds.
Landfills attract rats, roaches, and pigeons.
Landfills attract rats.
Landfills can be major sources of water and air pollution.
Landfills can collect the methane gas, purify it, and then use it as an energy source.
Landfills can contain toxic and hazardous materials.
Landfills can destroy and pollute our state.
Landfills can pose environmental risks to human health and the environment.
Landfills consist of areas or 'cells' of waste, spread and compacted within discrete areas.
Landfills contain matter.
Landfills contain tires.
Landfills end up being big piles of rubbish and dirt.
Landfills fill and close rapidly and space for new landfills is ever hard to find.
Landfills generate odors, dust and blowing trash.
Landfills have a longer lifespan, coal bills have dropped and agricultural production has increased.
Landfills have limited space, and so can receive a limited amount of trash.
Landfills have many problems.
Landfills have requirements for wastewater sludge disposal.
Landfills have the potential to pollute our surface and groundwater resources.
Landfills have the potential to pose a long-term threat to water supplies.
Landfills have trash.
Landfills leak into our drinking water and their toxins return in fish.
Landfills produce and emit methane.
Landfills produce methane as organic wastes decompose over time.
Landfills produce methane when organic waste decomposes without oxygen.
Landfills provide for the ultimate disposal of a majority of waste generated throughout the region.
Landfills provide municipal services.
Landfills provide services.
Landfills start with a big hole.
Landfills take up a lot of space.
Landfills take up space.
Landfills use soil for daily cover .
Landfills often contain hazardous substances leaching out into the surroundings.
Landfills often contaminate surface and groundwater.
Landfills often provide the wide open vistas that gulls prefer for feeding and loafing in safety.
Landfills usually have liner systems and other safeguards to prevent groundwater contamination.
All landfills have specific development standards, design criteria, and operational features.
Any landfill can impose stricter requirements or refuse to accept asbestos altogether.
Many landfills also accept used oil for recycling.
Many landfills also have collection sites.
Many landfills become parks, ski hills, and golf courses.
Many landfills have a tank designated for used antifreeze disposal.
Many landfills have similar names or the same name.
Many landfills have stopped accepting pallets and others charge fees for recycling.
Most landfills are full of it.
Most landfills attract rats.
Most landfills contain tires.
Most landfills found in Canada are provincially approved waste-disposal sites.
Most landfills have areas where citizens can get rid of hazardous waste also.
Most landfills provide municipal services.
Most landfills provide services.
Some landfills accept only particular wastes, such as construction debris, on the other hand.
Some landfills collect green waste that is composted on site for resale.
Some landfills contain household and industrial chemicals.
Some landfills have a system that collects the methane gas so that it can be used as a fuel source.
Some landfills have direct effects.
Some landfills have effects.
Some landfills produce a toxic liquid called leachate as they decompose.
A landholder is a holder
Landholders can choose which services they require to meet their particular needs.
All landholders have a responsibility to care for the land and use it wisely.
Some landholders now feel threatened.
Landing area is a good glide and if encountering heavy sink the emergency landing area is tight .
Landing area is grass and plenty of it.
Landing area means the area of airport used for the landing, taking off or taxiing of air craft.
Landing areas are fair.
Landing areas are generous and bordered by environmentally sensitive areas of native grasses.
Landing areas are generous and multi-tiered.
Landing areas are subject to change.
A landing craft is a craft
Landing craft are the pack mules of our amphibious supply lines.
Landing fees are especially a problem.
All landing fees are extra.
Landing gear handle control neutral.
Landing gear includes the items line brakes and number of wheels.
Landing gear is an undercarriage
Landing gear is part of airplanes.
Landing gear is retractable.
Landing gear is retracted by an electrical motors.
Landing gear is undercarriages.
Landing gear is white metal.
Landing operations are generally competent, safe and environmentally sensitive.
A landing strip is a field
Landing strips are muddy patches of land hidden among the trees.
Landing also requires strength to stall the glider.
Landing can be a challenge at a high tide.
Landing can be dangerous, too.
Landing depends on the weather.
Landing Gradually pull back and decrease throttle to slowly descend.
Landing here requires experienced pilots and capable aircraft.
Landing is a breeze with no tendency to snap.
Landing is a bustling place into the wee hours of the morning.
Landing is a matter of simply lining up with the runway and chopping the throttle.
Landing is a non-event.
Landing is a possibility.
Landing is a tricky, especially when spinning or getting big air.
Landing is accompanied by a small puff of rising snow dust to complete the overall effect.
Landing is assisted by parachutes and retro-rockets to cushion the impact on the ground.
Landing is at the end of the road.
Landing is at the foot of the bridge.
Landing is by chance and always dangerous.
Landing is difficult.
Landing is in a vertical orientation, the same as liftoff.
Landing is located on Shore Drive.
Landing is made with a slightly low tail.
LANDing is obvious for a coinage.
Landing is on a rocky shore.
Landing is on right foot.
Landing is on the forefoot.
Landing is on the right.
Landing is poor and start of trail is steep.
Landing is probably the most difficult and most dangerous.
Landing is really critical.
Landing is the critical moment in any air assault.
Landing is the first.
Landing is the hard part.
Landing is the most challenging aspect of piloting.
Landing is the most challenging part.
Landing is ticklish business.
Landing is tough for loons, too.
Landing is unique and worth checking out .
Landing is unlike any other Caribbean resorts.
Landing is very exciting, too, but during landing the space shuttle acts very much like an airplane.
Landing is where a task goes to get done.
Landing means a platform at the end of a flight of stairs.
Landing normally occurs at Fishing Rock, east of the hostel site.
Landing occurs during the northern winter season.
Landing offers eight building sites to choose from with country setting and panoramic views.
Landing requires a long low approach - and a three point touch down.
Landing requires practice.
Landing seem to be easier than with a normal harness.
Landing softly requires precise timing.
Landing takes place on the platform of the boat and is as gentle as the take-off.
Landing Use a net or beach-land the trout.
Landings also require little in the way of space.
Landings are a pleasure and the surf seems to go on and on.
Landings are always weather permitting.
Landings are arrivals.
Landings are by prior arrangement.
Landings are comfortable even with the faster ground speed.
Landings are easy, although the glide is fast and flat.
Landings are equally stress-free.
Landings are generally small and intermittent.
Landings are impossible without arresting gear.
Landings are located in airports.
Landings are located in apartment buildings.
Landings are located in buildings.
Landings are located in marinas.
Landings are located in oceans.
Landings are located in stairwells.
Landings are mandatory.
Landings are much more controlled.
Landings are on the beach and pilots are told to never walk on a dune, except on the paths.
Landings are part of seaports.
Landings are part of stairways.
Landings are platforms.
Landings are similar to that of an airplane when it touches down on the runway.
Landings are structures.
Landings are the hardest thing to learn, and even harder to learn to do right.
Landings are the same.
Landings are tricky due to the tall, narrow track undercarriage.
Landings are usually hard and obstacles abound, so pads and a good spotter are highly reccomended.
Landings are very light on the West Coast ground fish.
Landings are very light on the West Coast groundfish.
Landings are what most students are really interested in mastering.
Landings can also have nonrectangular shapes.
Landings can be feather light or concrete hard.
Landings can become dangerous bellyflops, takeoffs difficult, walking a chore.
Landings can vary greatly in size and shape.
Landings Here is where the real adventures begin.
Landings occur elsewhere.
Landings offer dramatic close-in views of the downtown skyline.
Landings produce the most accidents but with relatively few injuries.
Landings refer to the amount of catch that is brought to land.
Landings send important safety messages.
Landings vary with fluctuations in stocks of individual species.
Landing usually involves both arms and legs.
All landings are preliminary and subject to change.
All landings are prliminary, and have been converted to whole weight pounds.
Every landing is a safe landing.
Every landing is mandatory.
Most landings are quite soft, with many people doing nice stand-up landings.
Most landings are wet ones by zodiacs.
Some landings are still under water.
A landlady is a landlord
Landladies get very possessive.
A landline is a line
Landline takes pride in describing and representing our buyers accurately and truthfully.
Landlines are used only at offices.
Landlines is a monthly broadsheet with all the hot news on the landscape and the wider environment.
Landlocked bears dig sleeping pits in the sand or in gravel ridges along the shoreline.
A landlocked salmon is salmon
Landlocked salmon are atlantic salmon.
Landlocked salmon are Maine's glamour fish.
Landlocked salmon are plentiful enough in some areas to allow harvest for food.
Landlocked salmon are present in many of the larger lakes and river systems.
A landlord is a landowner
Landlord terminates at the end of lease.
Landlords advertise for immediate occupancy.
Landlords already are subject to penalties under current law.
Landlords already get a tax break for renovations.
Landlords already have properties valued at less than cost.
Landlords already have rights and responsibilities.
Landlords also can reduce costs by tapping into incentives.
Landlords also have a responsibility to maintain the properties they rent.
Landlords also have some restraints, although nothing as onerous.
Landlords also make profit by exploiting their own workers, clerks, repair people, janitors, etc.
Landlords apparently aren t doing much to help, so far.
Landlords appeal a hearing officer decision, which grants a rent decrease for various conditions.
Landlords appeal hearing officer decision granting tenant an award for excess rent.
Landlords appeal hearing officer decision that found a small patio is a base amenity.
Landlords appeal the hearing officer's denial of petition for earthquake repair rent increases.
Landlords are able to choose their tenants due to the demand.
Landlords are able unilaterally to elect to waive exemption on most non-domestic land and buildings.
Landlords are also wary of liability issues.
Landlords are eligible to file damage claims if a tenant damages a rental unit.
Landlords are especially helpful.
Landlords are films.
Landlords are free to charge whatever the market bears.
Landlords are generally happy to have tenants do improvements.
Landlords are hard-working, conscientious people.
Landlords are here.
Landlords are increasingly able to set terms and conditions for tenants.
Landlords are landowners.
Landlords are liable for dangerous conditions on their property, including a vicious dog.
Landlords are liable for pit bull attacks.
Landlords are located in apartments.
Landlords are natural aggregators.
Landlords are next on the list of losers.
Landlords are often eager to rent to tech companies in exchange for stock options in start-ups.
Landlords are people.
Landlords are primarily concerned with property damage and liability to the other tenants.
Landlords are responsible for all other repairs.
Landlords are responsible for and do deal effectively with disruptive tenants.
Landlords are responsible for controlling the trash around their premises.
Landlords are responsible for emptying the lavatories.
Landlords are responsible for protecting their tenants from certain environmental hazards.
Landlords are responsible for providing containers and instructions to renters.
Landlords are responsible for providing smoke detectors that work.
Landlords are suspicious of single women's morality.
Landlords are the only ones who pay legal fees.
Landlords are under no obligation to rent to tenants.
Landlords are usually willing be accept multiple checks from the roommates who signed the lease.
Landlords are, to a degree, held responsible if their tenants violate the noise ordinance.
Landlords asking for one warrant per square foot is par for the course.
Landlords barge in to private rooms.
Landlords benefit from the reduction in vandalism and the increase in net operating income.
Landlords call the shots, renting to only the highest qualified tenants.
Landlords can advertise for free.
Landlords can advertise properties for free.
Landlords can advertise their properties for free.
Landlords can also charge additional fees for each day the rent is late.
Landlords can also list available units for rent with our office.
Landlords can also put nest material out for their birds.
Landlords can apply if their rental units are occupied by low income tenants.
Landlords can cause tenant injuries in various ways.
Landlords can even do their credit screening during the applicant interview if they wish.
Landlords can evict tenants for drug-related activity.
Landlords can evict tenants to bypass rent control limits.
Landlords can get away with poor building conditions and feel no one is looking over their shoulder.
Landlords can have their buildings seized if tenants are found using drugs.
Landlords can let directly to an extensive list of potential tenants.
Landlords can list their rental properties simply by registering their name and email address.
Landlords can make a difference.
Landlords can monitor the heat and electricity use of office buildings miles away.
Landlords can monitor the heat and use of office buildings from miles away.
Landlords can obtain copies of police contacts in regards to tenant problems, i.e. noise complaints.
Landlords can only apply for possession during the period of the letting under special terms.
Landlords can petition to increase rent ceilings to reflect certain cost increases.
Landlords can place their listing for free.
Landlords can recover the costs of eviction proceedings from the tenant.
Landlords can refuse to pick up certified mail from the P.O. box.
Landlords can successfully bring action against the tenants for nonpayment of rent.
Landlords charge high rent for rundown apartments.
Landlords charge what they can get away with.
Landlords check it before renting property and banks before granting mortgages.
Landlords cite to various cases for the proposition that a decision is final if it is appealable.
Landlords compete aggressively for the opportunity to sign up a school tenancy.
Landlords complain that it takes months to carry out a routine eviction.
Landlords continue to displace tenants in the interests of their own profits.
Landlords demand a rich share of the spoils.
Landlords do have a duty to maintain common areas.
Landlords do have that obligation in certain subsidized housing.
Landlords finally see a friendlier attitude from local officials.
Landlords find they can no longer get the same rent as before, so they're forced to lower the rent.
Landlords generally despise couch surfers.
Landlords get cash bonuses for each lease-signing.
Landlords get rent from tenants, of course, which is the whole goal.
Landlords get the bill.
Landlords grow richer in their sleep without working, risking, or economizing.
Landlords have a criteria.
Landlords have a duty to keep the house in good repair so that it is liveable.
Landlords have a few complaints of their own.
Landlords have a tendency to be penny wise and pound foolish.
Landlords have an incentive to move older tenants out, and rent their units for more money.
Landlords have as much right as the tenants to alter the lease terms to cover such things.
Landlords have credit bureaus that share information about tenants' payment histories.
Landlords have no future in allowing property to be run down.
Landlords have payments to make, too.
Landlords have property rights as do tenants.
Landlords have security guards, weapons, etc.
Landlords have the right to enter a unit without notice in cases of emergency.
Landlords have their own concerns.
Landlords have their own expectations concerning overall conduct and maintenance of the premises.
Landlords have three times tried to have the law overturned at the polls, and failed three times.
Landlords have to be aware of the market trends.
Landlords have to disclose known information on lead-based paint hazards before leases take effect.
Landlords have to find a more imaginative way to get revenge.
Landlords have to meet basic standards when they let out property.
Landlords have to share in the production risk to receive any of the payment.
Landlords helping landlords become better landlords.
Landlords hesitate to rent to anybody who has no credit.
Landlords hold all the cards in negotiations, the association argues.
Landlords initially pay the fee for each rental unit they own.
Landlords know that deducting extra money from a deposit can be very lucrative.
Landlords know that people often lie on rental applications.
Landlords know that.
Landlords loathe the policy for two reasons.
Landlords love good tenants.
Landlords love it.
Landlords mitigate by attempting to rerent the property.
Landlords mow lawn and clean off snow.
Landlords normally can get better rates especially if they own several properties.
Landlords normally require a deposit amounting to two or three months' office rent.
Landlords now pay the removal fee, which can be recouped from the tenant.
Landlords own the resources, workers pay the price of admission.
Landlords perform administrative tasks at the local level.
Landlords prefer long-term tenants.
Landlords prefer the premier report.
Landlords protect themselves by taking security deposits from tenants.
Landlords provide a service to tenants.
Landlords provide space, utility services and a quiet working environment.
Landlords receiving rental income on a crop share basis can participate.
Landlords renting property to foreigners are a favorite target of local police.
Landlords say such alleged abuses are rare.
Landlords say the company ran out on long-term leases.
Landlords say the number of displacements is exaggerated.
Landlords say there is no conflict of interest.
Landlords screen out, evict, or refuse to accommodate tenants with disabilities.
Landlords select and contact tenants online.
Landlords simply pass along the taxes to their renters.
Landlords submit requests to list their privately owned units which are available for rent.
Landlords tell a different story.
Landlords then have to compete against discounted space in their own building.
Landlords There can be some very bad ones, speak to the current residents if at all possible.
Landlords trade reasonable use of their property for rent from tenants.
Landlords try to attract tenants by reducing rental rates.
Landlords try to get tenants to pay for new rugs when old rugs are ready to be thrown out.
Landlords typically express concern about screening tenants.
Landlords understandably hate the ordinance, and recently took the city to court to strike it down.
Landlords vary greatly in their concern for tenants and in the services they render.
Landlords win liability protection in return for certified cleanup measures.
Landlords working together can make a difference.
Landlords frequently are reluctant to participate in mobility programs.
Landlords frequently submit open listings to the office for students to peruse.
Landlords often ask for a deposit.
Landlords often ask for a holding deposit.
Landlords often ask for a security deposit as a part of the agreement to rent.
Landlords often have an opportunity to help break that cycle.
Landlords often know where their tenants work.
Landlords often let their land with all farming equipment included.
Landlords often raise rents - every year but mortgage payments usually remain stable.
Landlords often refuse to rent to sex workers or overcharge for substandard accommodations.
Landlords often require a business owner to have liability insurance.
Landlords often require a deposit of one month's rent or more.
Landlords sometimes collect a rent security deposit without giving a lease.
Landlords sometimes take advantage of tenants.
Landlords sometimes use credit reports to decide among rental applicants.
Landlords usually charge the first months rent for the deposit.
Landlords usually find a renter within a few hours.
Landlords usually have little to gain by cooperation.
Landlords usually know that too.
Landlords usually require written consent to subletting.
Landlords usually run credit checks.
Landlords usually take the opportunity to rent to higher-income, nonsubsidized tenants.
All landlords are fluent in English.
All landlords are neighbors, brothers, sisters, constituents, friends.
All landlords require a security deposit and the first month s rent.
All landlords set their own policies on earnest money.
All landlords welcome.
Any landlord owning a rental property located in Clark County is eligible.
Every landlord deeply appreciates the tenant that meticulously pays their rent on time.
Every landlord has their own individual financial paperwork requirements.
Every landlord has their own individual financial requirements.
Every landlord has their own way of handling their damage claims.
Every landlord is different in regards to deposits and holding a place for their tenants.
Many landlords are elderly.
Many landlords are owners of a large number of buildings, flats and bungalows.
Many landlords are retired people who read all the local stuff in detail. .
Many landlords are somewhat hesitant to rent to students.
Many landlords are surprised to see the fire engine arrive at their property for the inspection.
Many landlords are willing to give good tenants a break on the no-pet rule.
Many landlords ask for a one-year lease.
Many landlords charge a fee for conducting a credit check on rental applicants.
Many landlords do some or all of the work of getting a unit ready to re-rent.
Many landlords feel unhappy with such a greasy mess.
Many landlords forbid consumption of alcoholic beverages and smoking.
Many landlords live outside the area, and many managers are students with erratic schedules.
Many landlords offer a percentage reduction for paying rent a week or two early each month.
Many landlords own more than one building.
Many landlords prefer to stay away from any disputes between tenants.
Many landlords provide damage checklist forms.
Many landlords require a financial statement as part of a lease approval.
Many landlords require a LC for companies who lack substantial financial history or assets.
Many landlords require first and last month's rent.
Many landlords require initial payments of first and last month's rent and a security deposit.
Many landlords require prepayment of the first and last month's rent.
Many landlords require tenants to pay advance rent.
Many landlords require two years of verifiable rental history.
Many landlords schedule check- out appointments with renters.
Many landlords screen out, evict, or refuse to accommodate tenants with disabilities.
Many Landlords stinge on the installation.
Many landlords suggest keeping the cavity openings plugged until the martins arrive.
Many landlords use bulk purchasing power to provide the best deal that they can for their tenants.
Many landlords use minimum-income requirements to decide which tenants to accept.
Many landlords use the landlord's lien in order to get the attention of their tenants.
Many landlords view rent control as discriminatory at worst and economically unsound at best.
Most landlords allow cooking in the rooms using a hot-pot or microwave oven.
Most landlords also ask for a contribution to operating costs such as rates and insurance.
Most landlords are mom and pops just trying to get by.
Most landlords ask for enough money to cover one or two month s rent.
Most landlords ask for one month's rent in advance.
Most landlords believe they are protected by rental loss insurance.
Most landlords charge a deposit.
Most landlords consider it routine to re-key the locks before renting an apartment to a new tenant.
Most landlords desire minimum risk and minimum management involvement.
Most landlords do provide detectors on every level.
Most landlords give their tenants a written agreement.
Most landlords hate to lose a good tenant.
Most landlords have keys to the dwelling.
Most landlords have legitimate concerns when it comes to renting to pet owners.
Most landlords maintain the property, charge reasonable rates and are sincere n their intentions.
Most landlords neglect the bathroom.
Most landlords provide for garbage pick-up.
Most landlords provide their own leases.
Most landlords require a damage deposit and rent is paid on a monthly basis in cash or by cheque.
Most landlords require a deposit and first month s rent at the time of rental.
Most landlords require a deposit of one month's rent.
Most landlords require a security deposit at the time of signing the contract.
Most landlords require a security deposit.
Most landlords require an additional refundable security deposit in the amount of one month's rent.
Most landlords require one month's notice.
Most landlords require one or two months rent as a security deposit.
Most landlords require security deposits.
Most landlords require that a security deposit accompany the signing of the lease.
Most landlords run their business like a bad hobby.
Most landlords start receiving inquiries the same day they post their ad.
Some landlords advertise cheaper apartments with the utilities as the tenant's responsibility.
Some landlords allow a discount for timely payment.
Some landlords allow subletting.
Some landlords also add house rules.
Some landlords also ask for the first and last month's rent up front, too.
Some landlords also run criminal record checks on prospective tenants.
Some landlords are uncomfortable allowing their tenants to nail anything to the wall.
Some landlords callously ignore their tenants' needs, sending armed guards to gather rent checks.
Some landlords can be very attentive to the needs of renters, especially dependable, long-term ones.
Some landlords can be very slow to return the deposit.
Some landlords charge a specific fee designated for cleaning or other purposes.
Some landlords consider half of it as the last month's rent.
Some landlords erect TV antennas near or among the martin houses for the birds to use as perches.
Some landlords figure that their time is better and more effectively spent doing something else.
Some landlords have master-metered water or heat for which they pay.
Some landlords have more restrictions than others.
Some Landlords have various deductions when paying the standard agency commission.
Some landlords have very specific rules.
Some landlords just like to intimidate their tenants.
Some landlords list their vacancies with many agencies at once.
Some landlords mark up tenant utility bills, creating an incentive to oppose efficiency.
Some landlords now offer concessions to attract users in the slowing market.
Some landlords offer even greater reductions for a commitment to a term lease of one year.
Some landlords offer Palmer discounts.
Some landlords offer rooms in their own homes.
Some landlords offer the use of the shower in their apartment.
Some landlords only allow cats others allow dogs but have weight limits.
Some landlords prefer that potential tenants crate their pets.
Some landlords prefer to do the work themselves to ensure that it is done to their high standards.
Some landlords promise repairs, improvements and additional furniture before the start of a tenancy.
Some landlords reduce rent for program participants.
Some landlords refuse to use it.
Some landlords request a nonrefundable cleaning fee.
Some landlords require a security deposit and last month's rent as well.
Some landlords require first and last month's rent plus a security deposit.
Some landlords require prospective tenants to pay an application fee.
Some landlords require that all room-mates sign the form and approve the chosen sublessee.
Some landlords resist making needed repairs within a reasonable time.
Some landlords say they have good luck doing their own evictions.
Some landlords think they are above the law.
Some landlords try other retaliatory tactics.
Some landlords try to charge nonrefundable pet or cleaning deposits or fees.
Some landlords use an inventory and condition form.
A landman is an inhabitant
Landman also includes a dozen different ways to cinch a necktie.
Landman answers with a wry smile.
Most landmark hotels receive a four-star rating.
Landmark theater passes are valid nationwide.
Landmark appears to be thriving.
Landmark can also provide brokerage services if needed.
Landmark can detect business to business fraud.
Landmark essays on rhetoric and the environment .
Landmark essays on rhetoric and the environment.
Landmark essays on writing centers .
Landmark essays on writing process .
Landmark has none of the characteristics of cult-like organizations.
Landmark has their first All-American It has finally happened.
Landmark has to be at the very top of the list, when one compares tuition costs with other schools.
Landmark includes trees.
Landmark is a consulting house providing services and support for users of personal computers.
Landmark is a full service facility.
Landmark is a leading, global provider of performance management solutions.
Landmark is a nonprofit organization that is made possible by the generosity of others.
Landmark is a position
Landmark is a private conservative group.
Landmark is a publisher that specializes in books written and illustrated by young writers.
Landmark is a school specifically designed for students with language-based learning disabilities.
Landmark is an equal opportunity employer supporting diversity in the workplace.
Landmark is committed to providing innovative solutions to the engineered wood products industry.
Landmark is entirely an employee owned corporation.
Landmark is fully prepared to take the appropriate legal action.
Landmark is fun, and it helps on college applications.
Landmark is licensed, bonded and insured with general liability and errors and omissions coverage.
Landmark is located in cities.
Landmark is located in countries.
Landmark is located in countrysides.
Landmark is located in maps.
Landmark is located in national parks.
Landmark is located in places.
Landmark is located in special places.
Landmark is one of several technology companies opening new offices in the area.
Landmark is physical objects.
Landmark is positions.
Landmark is reference points.
Landmark is structures.
Landmark is supplied by the labors of Eld.
Landmark is the second largest weekday newspaper buy in Kentucky.
Landmark is tourist attraction.
Landmark is truly a family.
Landmark is used for noticings.
Landmark is used for orientations.
Landmark is used for viewing.
Landmark is used for visitings.
Landmark isa position.
Landmarks also distributes information through other publications.
Landmarks also help make Sydney unique.
Landmarks are a few windmills and a few trees.
Landmarks are a testimony to the existence of private property.
Landmarks are abundant.
Landmarks are easier to locate in winter - lots of leaves.
Landmarks are handy.
Landmarks are historic.
Landmarks are important to communities.
Landmarks are just a way to attract capital to a city or town.
Landmarks are just as important in wayfinding as is the grid.
Landmarks are likely to be used as enemy reference points.
Landmarks are most useful for flight following and abbreviated radio calls.
Landmarks are much more clear, and even the main map is more impressive.
Landmarks are notable sites on the Internet.
Landmarks are places people fight for.
Landmarks are point-references which are external to the observer.
Landmarks are present in form of stars.
Landmarks are useful as a main reference for navigation only if the bird has been there before.
Landmarks are useless.
Landmarks are well sean.
Landmarks become identifiable if they stand out and are different from their surroundings.
Landmarks come in to view and then disappear.
Landmarks come to mind.
Landmarks contain copyrighted material.
Landmarks define a city, and New York is no exception.
Landmarks encourages owners to do their own research.
Landmarks have either one point or two points.
Landmarks help identify a community or a place.
Landmarks here are convenience shops and residences.
Landmarks provide familiar reference points to help guide a user.
Landmarks represent the spirit and memories of the students and moments that shaped their future.
Landmarks show only hospitals and airports.
Landmarks tend to be more difficult to locate in the obese patient.
Landmarks tend to facilitate the use of imagery.
Landmarks There are.
Landmarks often deceive.
Most landmark includes trees.
Some landmarks are things in nature, such as waterfalls and mountains.
Some landmarks are things made by people.
A landmass is a ground
Landmass isa ground.
Landmass isa land.
Landmasses are in a constant, though slow, state of change.
Landmasses show heights by varying colors.
A landowner is a holder
Landowner assumes all risk.
Landowner controls summer access, refuses entry.
Landowners allow the public to walk through their land.
Landowners also benefit since they know who is around.
Landowners also can alter a pond's environment to control vegetation.
Landowners also can hire a licensed water well contractor to plug a well.
Landowners also enjoy the second harvest payment when the seed trees are removed after regeneration.
Landowners also have the right to cut their trees back before the greenery blocked sight lines.
Landowners also organize to build flood retarding dams on small watersheds.
Landowners also receive assistance in implementing sound harvesting practices.
Landowners appeal a negative judgment.
Landowners appeal that judgment.
Landowners are a diverse group - one that benefits from a flexible, knowledgeable lender.
Landowners are committed to control the local populations.
Landowners are concerned about flooding and streambank erosion.
Landowners are holders.
Landowners are immune from liability to recreational users .
Landowners are liable for contamination or injury from unplugged wells or holes.
Landowners are liable for stings suffered on their property.
Landowners are liable for the artificial dangerous conditions they cause.
Landowners are liable when selling farmland.
Landowners are owners of two tracts of real estate lying within District's territory.
Landowners are responsible for clean-up of contaminated soil, water, and septic systems.
Landowners are responsible for eradicating weeds from their property.
Landowners are responsible for informing nearby landowners of their intended actions.
Landowners are responsible for maintaining the trees on their property.
Landowners are responsible for twenty-five percent of installation costs.
Landowners are responsible for weed control on their property.
Landowners are stacked-up to enroll land as soon as funding is available.
Landowners are the key to effective wildlife conservation in Texas.
Landowners are the key.
Landowners are the real lords of the river.
Landowners are unaware of the details and oppose it.
Landowners are understandably interested only in what happens on their own land.
Landowners are welcome and encouraged to attend.
Landowners are willing to sell or donate land or easements for the protection of open space.
Landowners are within their legal rights to prevent members of the public from entering their land.
Landowners benefit by selling development rights.
Landowners benefit from the shared experience of the many committed organizations.
Landowners can appeal a decision to authorize or approve payment.
Landowners can apply for permits at their county agent's office.
Landowners can best manage riparian areas because their livelihood depends on good range management.
Landowners can choose the control method they feel is most appropriate for their property.
Landowners can contact their local game warden for more information.
Landowners can continue to live on and use their land.
Landowners can decide to start or end participation at any time in the development process.
Landowners can donate their wetlands to government or private agencies to preserve the habitat.
Landowners can have either one or two persons listed on their application.
Landowners can have varied objectives for their woodlands.
Landowners can help promote quail reproduction by leaving fallow borders around fields.
Landowners can increase the diversity of wildlife on their land by actively managing edges.
Landowners can permanently protect the conservation value of their land in several ways.
Landowners can petition a city or village to have their land annexed.
Landowners can protect their property from nutria damage by enrolling in the program.
Landowners can represent themselves at the special commissioners' hearing.
Landowners can restore, enhance or protect habitat beneficial to birds and wildlife.
Landowners can spread the word about their new business in a number of ways.
Landowners can take an active role in protecting and managing prairie habitat.
Landowners can take an active role in protecting and properly managing sandstone glade habitats.
Landowners can trade or sell rights.
Landowners can use revenues from emissions trading to implement new management practices.
Landowners can work with beavers to enhance waterfowl habitat.
Landowners change their ownership purposes or the land changes owners.
Landowners choose from a variety of protection tools, principally conservation easements.
Landowners choose from a variety of protection tools.
Landowners compete with each other for water.
Landowners contend the trial court erred in dismissing their remonstrance.
Landowners continue to be eligible for state and federal farm programs.
Landowners currently enjoy the highest prices ever offered for timber.
Landowners decide whether to permit hunting and how many antelope are taken off their property.
Landowners develop a management plan for the riparian zone with the easement holder.
Landowners do have many options.
Landowners donate three acres of the mill site to the city.
Landowners enjoy seeing some deer on their property in spite of the damage potential they bring.
Landowners everywhere are interested in their liability as property owners.
Landowners experience many positive benefits from leasing hunting rights to hunting clubs.
Landowners guide to natural resources management incentives.
Landowners have a responsibility to be good stewards of their property.
Landowners have a stake in the quality of their community's environment.
Landowners have a week to accept a bid after it is opened.
Landowners have an important role in protecting wetlands.
Landowners have easy access to public assistance.
Landowners have good reason to be concerned about the referendum.
Landowners have little understanding of the current and future value of standing timber.
Landowners have no constitutionally guaranteed right to upzonings.
Landowners have rights which come part and parcel with responsibilities.
Landowners have rights.
Landowners have several options to promote healthy hardwood forests including oak.
Landowners have such a voice in state government that state law is essentially meaningless.
Landowners have the opportunity to play a significant stewardship role.
Landowners have two options with cost-share payments.
Landowners have very little protection from unscrupulous loggers.
Landowners know their land and surrounding land better than anyone else.
Landowners lack financial incentives to protect habitat.
Landowners lack incentives for managing habitat.
Landowners learn about wise forest stewardship.
Landowners maintain ownership and access control of their property.
Landowners manage their forests for a wide array of purposes.
Landowners mya be liable for up to three years of taxes at the higher level at the time of sale.
Landowners now have the option to apply for a trap and lethal removal permit.
Landowners object to taking of development rights on sensitive lands.
Landowners participate in the program voluntarily.
Landowners receive an annual rental payment for the term of the multi-year contract.
Landowners receive annual payments based on rental rates for specific soil types on their farms.
Landowners receive annual rental payments, technical assistance and cost-sharing.
Landowners receive assistance in the preparation of detailed management plans.
Landowners receive cash proceeds and tax benefits.
Landowners receive incentives in exchange for relinquishment of the right to develop the farmland.
Landowners receive income, property and estate tax relief.
Landowners receive technical assistance in developing a stewardship management plan.
Landowners recognize the role hunters play in managing wildlife populations.
Landowners rely primarily upon natural means of regenerating their forestlands.
Landowners remain concerned about erosion and are working to restore fish and wildlife habitat.
Landowners retain all rights to use the property for agriculture.
Landowners retain full ownership and use of their land for agricultural purposes.
Landowners retain ownership of the property subject to the statements in a drainage report.
Landowners retain ownership while agreeing to keep land in agriculture.
Landowners retaining an easement can retain the right to restrict public access to their land.
Landowners say the government is purposely holding up eviction orders against the invaders.
Landowners see contradictory, duplicative requirements.
Landowners see endangered species as liabilities.
Landowners seek technology believing they can armor themselves against risks.
Landowners still have the right to open or close their lands to hunting and trapping.
Landowners still look to traditional solutions in a changing world.
Landowners stop the processes in court by claiming to have never received the notification.
Landowners sue in eminent domain cases for increased money damages.
Landowners take a poor view of bumptious behavior from the groveling classes.
Landowners take responsibilities for actions while exercising their rights.
Landowners there appear to be divided as to the best course for land use.
Landowners try to identify and fix the problems themselves.
Landowners typically have many goals for their land.
Landowners ultimately receive accurate cadastral certificates and land titles.
Landowners use the data to make decisions about drilling and water use.
Landowners use the easements to protect valuable lands and resources.
Landowners use the goats as foragers to keep frontages clear of rank herbage and weeds.
Landowners voluntarily limit future use of the land, but retain private ownership.
Landowners voluntarily limit future use of the land, yet retain private ownership.
Landowners often choose to sell the most marginal and ecologically fragile plots that they own.
Landowners often find themselves held responsible for sediment coming from background sources.
Landowners often find themselves shuttling overdue paddlers back to their vehicles.
Landowners often manage farms and ranches for crops, timber, livestock, and wildlife.
Landowners sometimes fill in wetlands without realizing the harm they are wreaking.
All landowners are subject to restraints on the use of their land.
All landowners qualify.
Every landowner needs a management plan.
Many landowners are concerned about increasing income, while maintaining control of the farm.
Many landowners are concerned about making themselves vulnerable to liability lawsuits.
Many landowners are concerned with the negative impacts of regeneration harvests on wildlife.
Many landowners are interested in improving recreational access to their property.
Many landowners are rightfully concerned about unknown people on their property.
Many landowners are simply unaware that the pools exist at all, let alone on their land.
Many landowners believe that if a listed species lives on their property, all use of the land ends.
Many landowners cease to allow hunting in dry years.
Many landowners do a better job managing forests when they live on their property.
Many landowners favor quota buyouts under the right conditions, however.
Many landowners feel attachments to their land yet are unaware of methods to preserve it.
Many landowners feel more comfortable working with a local nonprofit than with a government agency.
Many landowners find it fun and satisfying to learn more about their land's natural features.
Many landowners find it too expensive to own their own farm equipment.
Many landowners harvest their timber without prior planning as it matures.
Many landowners have only a vague idea of where at least some of their boundaries lie.
Many landowners have the misconception that trees and forests are virtually indestructible.
Many landowners increase the quality and quantity of native vegetation by applying fertilizer.
Many landowners plant food plots for wildlife.
Many landowners prefer to deal with one hunter.
Many landowners say that changes are needed to make the regulatory program workable again.
Many landowners simply enjoy seeing turkeys.
Many landowners struggle to maintain a healthy environment.
Many landowners think a legal boundary survey was made.
Many landowners welcome considerate visitors to their lands.
Many landowners work with consultants to thin their timber.
Most landowners appreciate knowing who is on their property.
Most landowners choose to install the components themselves rather than contributing cash.
Most landowners contract with a vendor for such tree-planting services.
Most landowners find that the bulletins are a valuable reference.
Most landowners now require a certificate of insurance to lease hunting land.
Most landowners welcome coyote hunters, too.
Some landowners also prefer the look of a more natural shoreline.
Some landowners are concerned about the safety of living near high-pressure pipelines.
Some landowners are touchy about trespassers.
Some landowners ask about having it all removed, including the unmerchantable small branches.
Some landowners believe that wedge-tailed eagles pose a threat to lambs and kids.
Some landowners contend that they are being denied information about what land is tax exempt.
Some landowners dedicate land as a preserve while retaining private ownership.
Some landowners develop a deep fondness and close association to their trees.
Some landowners even dredge streams to create more convenient or prettier channels.
Some landowners go to court to contest the awards given in condemnation proceedings.
Some landowners have lots, driveways and back alleys on their property for parking.
Some landowners hire thugs to evict the squatters.
Some landowners make the mistake of selling timber on their own, and they lose money.
Some landowners produce hay on their waterways.
Some landowners prohibit certain activities or require permission.
Some landowners rake and bale their own straw and sell it directly to the retailer or user.
Some landowners say fear is used as a tactic.
Some landowners seek to protect their forest forever by prohibiting logging.
Some landowners use dogs to keep geese out of hay and grain crops.
Some landowners use riparian buffers for supplemental economic benefits as well.
Some landowners worry about the liability of allowing hunters on their land.
Landsat data have a large grid size when compared to the scale used for the butterfly.
Landsat images are effective for quantifying changes in surface water.
Landsat images show healthy vegetation as red.
Landsat images show natural landforms and also shapes created by humans.
Landsat imagery helps scientists track city growth in urban heat island studies.
Landsat imagery is therefore a useful tool for identifying change over time.
Landsat satellites are very different from weather satellites.
A landscape architect is an architect
Landscape architect is a definite plus.
Landscape architect means a person licensed by the state as a landscape architect.
Landscape architects are architects.
Landscape architects are in the early stages of planning the new garden.
Landscape architects are reticent to take on more aggressive roles in directing resolution.
Landscape architects are the mediators between culture and nature.
Landscape architects are usually strong on design concept theory.
Landscape architects can design prairie restorations based on site analyses.
Landscape architects can play a crucial role in conflict resolution.
Landscape architects can use all types of metal railings to accent any landscape.
Landscape architects do more than simply plant shrubs, arrange trees, and run watering systems.
Landscape architects have a myriad of employment options.
Landscape architects have degrees or the equivalent.
Landscape architects help save historic sites.
Landscape architects hold discussions with their clients to find out what the job is all about.
Landscape architects hold graduate or undergraduate degrees.
Landscape architects hold undergraduate or graduate degrees.
Landscape architects make judgments about resources, as well.
Landscape architects require university graduation in landscape architecture.
Landscape architects spend most of their time indoors in offices.
Landscape architects tend to work for landscape architectural firms.
Landscape architects use computers primarily to visualize patterns in space.
Landscape architects use trees to screen unsightly views and to absorb and block noise.
Landscape architects work with other architects and engineers.
Many landscape architects work for small firms or are self-employed.
Most landscape architects have a degree from an accredited college or university.
Some landscape architects travel often.
Some landscape architects work on a variety of projects.
Some landscape architects work on a wide variety of projects.
Landscape architecture combines art and science.
Landscape architecture is a unique field that is both artful and scientific.
Landscape architecture is a very diverse and rewarding profession.
Landscape architecture is also available.
Landscape architecture is an art of surfaces and systems.
Landscape architecture is an environmental design and planning profession.
Landscape architecture is architecture
Landscape architecture is both science and art.
Landscape architecture is discipline.
Landscape architecture is fine art.
Landscape architecture is much more than choosing and arranging plants.
Landscape architecture is the art of reconciling the two extremes of landscape and manmade shapes.
Landscape architecture ornaments nature with aesthetic design and visa versa.
Landscape areas have desirable plants.
Landscape areas have plants.
Landscape artist includes wildlife.
Landscape contracting is very competitive.
Landscape contractors are qualified to install a landscape.
Landscape contractors can enter projects in as many categories as desired.
Every landscape contractor has a chance of winning an award based on the size of the projects.
Many landscape contractors have excellent reputations in the area of landscape design.
Landscape design can play a very important role here.
Landscape design involves itself with the shaping of the landscape for human living.
Landscape design involves much more than placing trees, shrubs and other plants on the property.
Landscape design involves very intuitive and subjective ways of looking at the world.
Landscape design is a distinct profession, only a portion of which involves horticulture.
Landscape design is also an important subdiscipline in horticulture.
Landscape design is an appeal to human nature.
Landscape design is envisioned to be mostly hardscaped with accent planting on the edges.
Landscape design is more significant than it first appears.
Landscape design is no exception.
Landscape design is pleasant, with a fountain as the centerpiece.
Landscape design is the conscious arrangement of outdoor space for human enjoyment and satisfaction.
Landscape designs are also available.
Landscape designs can help reduce energy bills.
Landscape designs can range from formal to naturalistic, and from simple to complex.
Landscape designer can provide consultation, landscape plans, installation to make it a reality.
Landscape designers create outdoor spaces in which people live, work and play.
Many landscape designers are also landscape contractors.
Landscape ecology emphasizes the importance of spatial patterns at broad scales.
Landscape ecology is a fundamental and integral concept.
Landscape ecology is a way of thinking about the evolution and dynamics of heterogeneous landscapes.
Landscape ecology is also a relatively new area in ecology.
Landscape ecology is defined as the study of how spatial pattern affects ecological process.
Landscape ecology is different from traditional ecology in several ways.
Landscape ecology is evaluated before cutting forests.
Landscape ecology is the study of spatial variation in landscapes at a variety of scales.
Landscape ecology provides an example of different ordinations of specialties in ecology.
Landscape ecology studies the influence of natural spatial patterns on ecological phenomena.
Landscape fabric can also be use and covered with a layer of organic mulch.
Landscape fabric is available at garden centers and nurseries.
Landscape fabric laid out under mulch in border gardens is an effective weed-buster.
Landscape fabrics are another option.
Landscape fabrics are available in various widths and lengths.
Landscape fabrics can help minimize poison ivy emergence in flower beds.
Landscape fabrics control annual weeds better than perennials.
Landscape format matches the traditional typed ground manifest.
A landscape gardener is an architect
Landscape Gardeners keep up city, state and national parks.
Some landscape gardeners work on large properties, such as office buildings and shopping malls.
Landscape history is a fascinating discipline.
Landscape History is the central journal for students of landscape archaeology and history.
Landscape lights add to nighttime charm.
Landscape management requires knowledge.
Most landscape managers maintain the cassias in a general rounded pear shape by informal pruning.
Landscape mode enables better spreadsheet viewing and editing.
Landscape mode ensures that shots taken of distant scenery are always sharp and clear.
Landscape mode shows the image horizontally.
Landscape mode slows the shutter speed and maximizes depth of field.
Landscape orientation is wider than it is tall, just like a painting of a landscape.
Some landscape painters help movement.
Landscape painting has a relatively short history within Western art.
Landscape painting is a genre
Landscape painting is also popular in China.
Landscape painting is blissfuly meditative.
Landscape painting is seen as a mindless love of nature.
Landscape painting is well known.
Landscape paintings have a horizon line.
Landscape photographer offers gallery prints and stock images.
Landscape photography can be an odd mixture of patience and sudden decisions.
Landscape photography depicts locations.
Landscape photography has to have emotion.
Landscape photography is a passionate and energetic pursuit.
Landscape planning is featured.
Landscape plants are accustomed to the cold and snow.
Landscape plants are the heart of all gardens and landscapes.
Landscape plants can also be very toxic.
Landscape plants go dormant.
Landscape plants require light to moderate watering.
Most landscape plants benefit from having organic matter worked into the root-zone area.
Most landscape plants require fertilization no more than two or three times each year.
Some landscape plants produce fruit.
Landscape structure influences continental distribution of hantavirus in deer mice.
Landscape structures consists of mineral islands, lakes and pools, small rivers and streams.
Landscape trees grow to height.
Landscape Units are areas of homogenous landscape types.
A landscape is scenery
Landscape also contains the suf.
Landscape approaches in mammalian ecology and conservation.
Landscape approaches to historical and contemporary gene flow in plants.
Landscape changes in Estonia - causes, processes and consequences.
Landscape changes in nine rural counties of Georgia.
Landscape changes projection by remote sensing and geographic information system.
Landscape Click on one of the titles below to view entire description and review.
Landscape consists of patches spatially arrayed in a mosaic.
Landscape contrasts a vibrant tree with a dead trunk.
Landscape controls on lake chemical responses to drought .
Landscape controls on water chemistry of streams.
Landscape covers annuals, perennials, trees, shrubs and lawn.
Landscape Cut back and trim all vegetation and overgrown bushes from structures.
Landscape describes an image which is wider than it is tall.
Landscape designs takes work to keep up.
Landscape enhancements for noise mitigation are usually aesthetic rather than acoustical.
Landscape envelops the peasant family, spreading out beyond the horizon.
Landscape features influence litter decomposition rates.
Landscape features mountain lakes, grassland plus fir and spruce forests.
Landscape features strongly influence the distribution of soils.
Landscape features such as trees, shrubs and paths.
Landscape features to look for are log bridges.
Landscape has a deep and ancient memory.
Landscape has, as does everything else, both types.
Landscape Have fun splashing around with color.
Landscape Help Great resources for landscaping, fence-building, and creative garden design.
Landscape includes beaches to rugged mountain interiors -note scenery differences.
Landscape influences on deer-vehicle collisions.
Landscape influences on water chemistry in midwestern stream ecosystems.
Landscape is a finite resource.
Landscape is a flat valley with high mountains starting right away.
Landscape is a graphical landscaping program.
Landscape is a great step forward.
Landscape is a noble valley with meadows and old walnut orchards, surrounded by high woody hills .
Landscape is action.
Landscape is changed forever, lunar surface appearance.
Landscape is cool.
Landscape is cultivated to supplement the dietary requirements of animals.
Landscape is discussed provocatively.
Landscape is dotted with lakes, ponds, and bogs.
Landscape is ideal when shooting nature subjects or architecture.
Landscape is in turn altered by climate and weather.
Landscape is kept to a minimum in favor of close character shots.
Landscape is largely intact.
Landscape is made up of rolling hills and a few simplistic tree models scattered here and there.
Landscape is mainly stony, treeless grassland with no large inland waters.
Landscape is mostly hilly and there is narrow belt of the Adriatic coast.
Landscape is often the original source.
Landscape is primarily grassland.
Landscape is stark, with vegetation in interior valleys.
Landscape is such an image, a construct of the mind and of feeling.
Landscape is the carrier of all natural systems and processes.
Landscape is the default .
Landscape is the default.
Landscape is then a condition of the possibility of everything.
Landscape is used to focus only on distant subjects.
Landscape is wider than tall.
Landscape is wonderful, people are open.
Landscape isa scenery.
Landscape means the top and the bottom are longer than the sides.
Landscape needs to be restrained, gentle, and understated.
Landscape plays an important role in the movement of odor off-farm.
Landscape printing on legal size paper, if necessary, is acceptable for tables.
Landscape rakes, rollers and fertilizer spreaders are often available at rental outlets.
Landscape ranges from forests in the northwest to beaches on Syria's Mediterranean coast.
Landscape ranges from rolling wheatfields to wilderness areas in the Blue Mountains.
Landscape seems integral to literature in the same way that blood is integral to our bodies.
Landscape sings an autumnal lyric of growth and decay, of seasonal death and renewal.
Landscape turns greener and climate, wet.
Landscape Turns off auto focus.
Landscape uses and hardiness of herbs in Tennessee.
Landscape watering is necessary if one wants to maintain traditional residential lawns and trees.
Landscape watering typically doubles overall water consumption in the summer months.
Landscapes affect patterns.
Landscapes also promotes urban economic renewal.
Landscapes also represent fictional memories.
Landscapes appear of curious terrain.
Landscapes are a mix of paddocks for sheep, farms, and plantations.
Landscapes are among some of the most beautiful artistic creations that mimic real life.
Landscapes are capable of sustaining enormous change over time.
Landscapes are complex, living, and integrated systems.
Landscapes are distinct.
Landscapes are dominated by plants.
Landscapes are fairly detailed, with different town buildings such as churches and farmhouses.
Landscapes are generally American in subject and mood.
Landscapes are genres.
Landscapes are good teachers.
Landscapes are highly detailed.
Landscapes are holistic entities whose patterns influence ecological processes.
Landscapes are large geographic regions where cumulative effects of uses are expressed and managed.
Landscapes are lots of fun to create as bottom borders.
Landscapes are magnificent and people eyes are stamped with a rare intensity.
Landscapes are mainly impressionistic.
Landscapes are natural things.
Landscapes are paintings.
Landscapes are points of view.
Landscapes are replaced by addresses, shaky memories give way to unshakable dates.
Landscapes are scenery.
Landscapes are smoother the more biased the distribution of genotype frequencies is.
Landscapes are unique to the place and to the artist painting it.
Landscapes are vivid, as are battle scenes.
Landscapes attract adult mosquitoes.
Landscapes attract mosquitoes.
Landscapes become dreamscapes.
Landscapes can also be flat.
Landscapes can also be urban spaces densely packed with soaring buildings.
Landscapes can represent the past with countless years of history frozen in ice.
Landscapes can show, for example, the harvest of the raw materials used.
Landscapes change over time.
Landscapes change over years.
Landscapes change, even the magnetic North Pole changes over time.
Landscapes containing a mosaic of forest conditions are most beneficial.
Landscapes cover areas.
Landscapes create habitats.
Landscapes create homogenous habitats.
Landscapes differ along the root.
Landscapes emerge in rich hues.
Landscapes evoke the passion of living.
Landscapes evolve in time and space.
Landscapes experience temperature.
Landscapes feature gorgeous lakes that reflect crimson skies and towering mountains.
Landscapes flatten and shorelines become distant, making activity difficult to discern.
Landscapes give the exhibition a sense of place.
Landscapes have abundances.
Landscapes have biodiversity.
Landscapes have soul, the same soul that have traditions and languages of towns.
Landscapes have their own ecosystems, wildlife and climate.
Landscapes have vegetation.
Landscapes here defined are chiefly related to the main physiographic areas.
Landscapes hold special meanings and memories beyond their plantings.
Landscapes include grassland.
Landscapes include patches.
Landscapes look especially dramatic reflected in water.
Landscapes provide habitats.
Landscapes provide important habitats.
Landscapes provide settings and generally include antique plants and animals.
Landscapes provide the subjects most often treated.
Landscapes range from desolate and sparse to intimate and lush, drawn in a rich palatte of colors.
Landscapes really resonate with people in Iowa and the Midwest.
Landscapes receive precipitation.
Landscapes reflect a powerful convergence of physical processes and cultural meaning.
Landscapes represent actual memories.
Landscapes roll sexless and beautiful.
Landscapes sign in awe, dancing sculptures frolic in joy and portraits swoon with love.
Landscapes superimpose themselves.
Landscapes support vegetation.
Landscapes support woody vegetation.
Landscapes take on a new definition in dramatic scenery.
Landscapes untouched by humans are rare.
Landscapes vary from sage brush covered hills to spectacular mountain vistas.
Landscapes vibrate like mirages and are blurred by a play of lights and shadows.
Landscapes often overlap, thus forming elaborate mosaics of peoples and places.
All landscapes begin with the soil.
All landscapes change over time, but in Hawaii, the traditional timescales are compressed.
All landscapes have a history, much the same as people exist within cultures, even tribes.
All landscapes require some maintenance.
Every landscape consists of living and non-living components.
Every landscape has unique characteristics sun, shade, wet, or dry.
Every landscape is also a mental landscape.
Every landscape is an open book, full of stories to investigate.
Every landscape is owned by someone who wants to do something to it which displeases someone else.
Many landscapes have hot, dry sites that are difficult for many perennials.
Many landscapes have huge trees overhead that let in little light.
Many landscapes have micro-climates, or areas that are warmer than their surroundings.
Many landscapes have six or more inches of mulch.
Many landscapes look very similar on the surface.
Many landscapes remain internally saturated because of underlying clay and rock layers.
Many landscapes require shooting from uneven ground, hillsides and other precarious places.
Most landscapes affect patterns.
Most landscapes are dominated by plants.
Most landscapes are over watered.
Most landscapes attract adult mosquitoes.
Most landscapes change over time.
Most landscapes change over years.
Most landscapes create habitats.
Most landscapes create homogenous habitats.
Most landscapes evolve over several years due to constraints of time and money.
Most landscapes have abundances.
Most landscapes have biodiversity.
Most landscapes have lots of flowers in spring, few in summer.
Most landscapes have plants that regularly become diseased with one of the powdery mildew fungi.
Most landscapes have vegetation.
Most landscapes provide habitats.
Most landscapes provide important habitats.
Most landscapes receive precipitation.
Most landscapes require large volumes of water to flourish.
Most landscapes show obvious evidence of erosion.
Some landscape architects teach at the college or university level.
Some landscape architects teach in colleges or universities.
Some landscape features determine distribution.
Some landscapes appear to be based on colour-photographs or other visual references.
Some landscapes are affected by subsidence.
Some landscapes are dominated by juniper.
Some landscapes attract deer.
Some landscapes become countries.
Some landscapes have certain distinctive features.
Some landscapes have certain features.
Some landscapes have components.
Some landscapes have distinctive features.
Some landscapes have features.
Some landscapes have hills.
Some landscapes help mosquitoes.
Some landscapes provide childhood experience.
Some landscapes provide experience.
Some landscapes provide opportunity.
Some landscapes threaten ecological integrity.
Some landscapes threaten integrity.
A landscaper is an architect
Landscapers also use compost to cover landfills and carry out reclamation projects.
Landscapers are aware of the variety of looks plantings give a property.
Landscapers become carpenters.
Landscapers bring in boulders, build ponds, and plant trees and other vegetation.
Landscapers bring their clients.
Landscapers can drop off materials if they are accompanied by their residential customer.
Landscapers can find great information on the Web.
Landscapers complete the shade garden's brick patio and latticework.
Landscapers find that their customers love it, and it helps solve many of the problems they face.
Landscapers plant it deeper.
Landscapers specialize in outdoor work.
Landscapers use it widely around institutional buildings on south Vancouver Island.
Landscapers use mustard trees for shading because of the low branches and low-growing height.
Landscapers widely use hollies from China, Japan and England as well as America.
Every landscaper knows that time is money.
Many landscapers are self-employed.
Many landscapers lay sod successfully year-round.
Most landscapers buy virtually all of their plants from one or two nurseries.
Most landscapers offer landscaping and maybe some retaining walls, if necessary.
Some landscapers apply mulches to a depth of four to six inches.
Some landscapers consider it to be the most attractive of our native willows.
Landscaping design is developed.
Landscaping also can be an attractant to termites.
Landscaping also can improve air quality by filtering impurities.
Landscaping also has the added advantage of looking better every year as it grows.
Landscaping also is in progress.
Landscaping also plays an integral role in the appearance of natural pools.
Landscaping attenuates the rain peaks, resulting in smaller pipe sizes of storm drains.
Landscaping begins to add to the home's beauty.
Landscaping can accomplish so many functions besides being a pleasure to look at.
Landscaping can also add a pretty penny to any project.
Landscaping can also enhance the efficiency of a house or apartment.
Landscaping can also greatly improve uninteresting buildings.
Landscaping can be essential to the look of a home.
Landscaping can be other than Plants.
Landscaping can become expensive.
Landscaping can channel cooling breezes and provide summer shade.
Landscaping can cut energy costs dramatically year-round.
Landscaping can greatly enhance the aesthetic experience, making the walk less stressful or tiring.
Landscaping can help control erosion by holding soil in place and reducing runoff.
Landscaping can increase the risk of detection.
Landscaping can maximize the availability of renewable energy to a building.
Landscaping can provide protection from the wind.
Landscaping can reduce direct sun from striking and heating up building surfaces.
Landscaping can speed up the sale of a home by five to six weeks.
Landscaping contains native plants, which require very little maintenance.
Landscaping continues across site.
Landscaping continues across the site.
Landscaping continues and a retaining wall was built to help with water issues.
Landscaping creates a soothing, less stressful environment.
Landscaping enhances the campus atmosphere.
Landscaping features a brick patio, palm trees, roses and numerous flowering plants .
Landscaping has another benefit.
Landscaping has other benefits, including natural cooling and protection from the wind.
Landscaping helps stabilize the soil and minimize erosion.
Landscaping includes a park atmosphere with wide wooden deck, trees, grass areas and flowers.
Landscaping includes automatic sprinklers and bubblers.
Landscaping includes Italian and Japanese flourishes, formal and sunken gardens.
Landscaping includes large trees and extensive mature plantings.
Landscaping includes open grass areas, shade trees and native and drought tolerant shrubs.
Landscaping includes sod for the front yard and fencing for the back yard.
Landscaping includes sodded and seeded lawns, gardens, trees, shrubs, and other living plants.
Landscaping includes terraced gardens, a pond and rock walkways.
Landscaping includes two rock gardens and a long bank with ivy and pachysandra ground cover.
Landscaping increases property market value.
Landscaping involves hours of planning, planting, and pruning.
Landscaping involves the creation and maintenance of gardens.
Landscaping is a good, long-term investment for reducing heating and cooling costs.
Landscaping is a marketing tool, for recruiting faculty and staff as well as for students.
Landscaping is a relatively large investment and involves a lot of hard work.
Landscaping is a vital element in overall property value, including properly placed trees.
Landscaping is a vital part of land use proposals.
Landscaping is a year long course, which includes basic concepts, business and marketing.
Landscaping is absolutely perfect with a beautiful setting on Stocking Lake.
Landscaping is added to any subdivision to emphasize the entrance and enhance common areas.
Landscaping is all California natives.
Landscaping is all female now.
Landscaping is almost complete.
Landscaping is also a wise investment.
Landscaping is also an integral part of the project.
Landscaping is also more interesting on an uneven lot.
Landscaping is also useful in using the sun's energy.
Landscaping is an essential part of human life.
Landscaping is attractive and the free zone is well maintained.
Landscaping is attractive, but minimal.
Landscaping is available at additional cost.
Landscaping is average.
Landscaping is certainly an important element.
Landscaping is complete for the building and the completely renovated south parking lots.
Landscaping is contained within pots.
Landscaping is drought resist and requires little attention with occasional watering.
Landscaping is essential.
Landscaping is evident among the buildings of the housing project.
Landscaping is extensive.
Landscaping is extraordinary with brick walkways, palm trees, roses, and numerous flowering plants.
Landscaping is formal with uniform rows of Italian cypress and groupings of citrus.
Landscaping is in place and trees are mature.
Landscaping is in progress.
Landscaping is included in all the traffic circles currently being constructed.
Landscaping is included in the project.
Landscaping is lush and tropical, with curved lines throughout.
Landscaping is more than just planting flowers.
Landscaping is much more than just putting plants into the ground.
Landscaping is much the same way.
Landscaping is no longer just about having a green, unblemished lawn.
Landscaping is of approximately the same vintage as the house.
Landscaping is okay to block traffic noise, etc.
Landscaping is on a drip system with a timer.
Landscaping is one of the most affordable home improvements that can be made.
Landscaping is ongoing.
Landscaping is optional.
Landscaping is present at the point of the triangle closest to the historical marker.
Landscaping is prettier and creates oxygen.
Landscaping is professional with just the right number of plantings.
Landscaping is proposed in general conformance with the plans approved at annexation.
Landscaping is provided along all new pedestrian access walkways.
Landscaping is provided for.
Landscaping is provided on site for parking lot areas and the screening of truck docks.
Landscaping is relentless.
Landscaping is scaled to match the home and the surrounding terrain.
Landscaping is scheduled to be done next summer.
Landscaping is the first thing to consider when water becomes scarce.
Landscaping is the last thing people plan for when building a new home.
Landscaping is the next factor.
Landscaping is treated as excavating, revealing the history and geography of the site.
Landscaping is trimmed on a regular basis.
Landscaping is underway where the portable classrooms had been.
Landscaping is versatile and can be used to perform a variety of design functions.
Landscaping is very labor intensive.
Landscaping is very nice.
Landscaping is well maintained and buildings show attention to detail.
Landscaping is well under way, and electronic shades are being installed on the main arched windows.
Landscaping is wonderful.
Landscaping maintains the grounds.
Landscaping needs some cleanup but nothing major.
Landscaping remains an interest and passion.
Landscaping remains to be finished.
Landscaping requires a certain amount of finesse.
Landscaping seems to mostly consist of grass and shrubs.
Landscaping softens the streetscape and adds privacy to the pedestrian edge.
Landscaping takes considerable thought and planning ahead to achieve good results.
Landscaping takes trial and error Successful landscaping is more of a journey than a destination.
Landscaping tends to get better with time.
Landscaping uses only native plants.
Landscapings are artifacts.
Landscapings are gardening.
Landscapings are gardens.
Landscapings are located in universities.
Landscapings are making.
All landscaping has to be kept clean and pruned.
All landscaping is indigenous, comprised of the species commonly found in northeastern Ohio.
More landscaping is needed for homes.
More landscaping is projected for next year, as are curbs and gutters along downtown streets.
Most landscaping depends on artificial or chemical means of maintaining lawns and beds.
Most landscaping is with shrubs and groundcover.
Some landslide dams are formed by earthquakes.
Landslide affects life.
Landslide buries hundreds of houses in El Salvador.
Landslide causes damage.
Landslide has causes.
Landslide is a slide
Landslide is natural hazards.
Landslide is slides.
Landslide is victories.
Landslide isa triumph.
Landslide isa victory.
Landslide occurs in prehistoric time.
Landslide occurs in time.
Landslides also impact on the quality of Canada's resources.
Landslides are a common feature in the watershed.
Landslides are a common occurrence during the rnonsoon.
Landslides are a dramatic manifestation of the collision between humans and other natural forces.
Landslides are a function of the site geology and are oftentimes more difficult to predict.
Landslides are a geologic hazard that occasionally occurs in Kansas.
Landslides are a serious geologic hazard common to almost every state in the United States.
Landslides are a serious geologic hazard common to almost every State in the United States.
Landslides are a widespread hazard, affecting the entire country.
Landslides are abundant in the Spring Mountains but most are far from populated areas.
Landslides are also a possible effect of the dam.
Landslides are also a serious problem in both earthquake and flood zones.
Landslides are also another reason for transportation issues.
Landslides are also less predictable.
Landslides are another type of ground failure that are often highly destructive.
Landslides are common along highways built on steep hillsides.
Landslides are common following earthquakes in California.
Landslides are common in the rainy season making for slow travel.
Landslides are common on the steep walls of Cold Canyon.
Landslides are common throughout the Appalachian region and New England.
Landslides are costly.
Landslides are dangerous and unpredictable.
Landslides are dangerous, unpredictable, and can occur rapidly.
Landslides are downslope movement, under gravity, of masses of soil and rock material.
Landslides are dramatic examples of gravity erosion .
Landslides are dramatic examples of gravity erosion.
Landslides are frequent, and erosion is severe.
Landslides are known also as landslips, slumps or slope failure.
Landslides are more widespread than any geological event.
Landslides are more widespread than any other geological event.
Landslides are most likely during or shortly after downpours.
Landslides are much more likely to occur when the slopes are saturated by water.
Landslides are natural occurring phenomena.
Landslides are very common in Washington.
Landslides are very common indeed in the Lower Himalayas.
Landslides associated with clearcuts or roads usually lack large wood, but are rich in sediments.
Landslides associated with human land uses are the primary source of sediment.
Landslides can be a problem on the Highlands highway during the rainy season.
Landslides can be destructive.
Landslides can be large and dangerous.
Landslides can cerate large crevasses and reroute streams and rivers causing flash floods.
Landslides can create large waves on lakes or embayments and can be deadly.
Landslides can destroy mountainsides and suddenly unleash a volcano's fury.
Landslides can devastate roads, posing great danger to passing vehicles.
Landslides can happen , too .
Landslides can happen anytime.
Landslides can happen, too.
Landslides can have many causes but can only have one trigger as shown in the next figure.
Landslides can kill.
Landslides can occur as flows, slides, or falls and topples.
Landslides can occur in underwater, called a submarine landslide , coastal and onshore environments.
Landslides can occur weeks or months after intense storms.
Landslides can range in size from tiny to the size of subdivisions.
Landslides can vary in size but usually they always involve a large ground movement.
Landslides cause fatalities and billions of dollars in property damage each year.
Landslides cause much damage to property throughout metropolitan Cincinnati, Ohio.
Landslides caused by heavy rain frequently disrupt train services.
Landslides come in many forms.
Landslides commonly occur with other major natural disasters, such as earthquakes and floods.
Landslides continue to be a problem with the saturated soil.
Landslides continue to be triggered by aftershocks.
Landslides differ in their type, speed, extent, and destructiveness.
Landslides happen when a saturated mass of soil moves down a steep slope.
Landslides happen when large amounts of rock suddenly fall down a cliff or mountainside.
Landslides help widen the troughs as the glaciers remove the bedrock support on upper slopes.
Landslides indicate unstable terrain.
Landslides initiated by climatic, seismic and human events are common in steep areas of the section.
Landslides make agriculture and construction hazardous and often destroy roads.
Landslides occur frequently after rains, sending red clay into the sea.
Landslides occur in every state and U.S. territory.
Landslides occur in every state.
Landslides occur often, sometimes blocking the roads for hours.
Landslides occur when a mass of soil moves down the slope under the force of gravity.
Landslides occur when gravity overcomes the force of friction.
Landslides occur when masses of rock, earth or debris move down a slope.
Landslides occur when the shearing of forces exceed the resisting forces of earth materials.
Landslides occur when the slope changes from a stable to an unstable condition.
Landslides occur where they have before, and in identifiable hazard locations.
Landslides represent the mass movement of rock and soil material downslope due to gravity.
Landslides tear apart hillside communities.
Landslides threaten many of Utah's comunities.
Landslides triggered by earthquakes often cause more destruction than the earthquakes themselves.
Landslides often have devastating effects on humans.
Landslides usually occur with another natural hazard, such as an earthquake or flooding.
All landslides move downslope under the influence of gravity.
Many landslides are the aftereffects of volcanoes or earthquakes.
Many landslides occur where tightlines and drain pipes fail.
Many landslides transform after they detach.
Most landslide affects life.
Most landslide causes damage.
Most landslide occurs in prehistoric time.
Most landslide occurs in time.
Some landslide covers roads.
Some landslide destroys homes.
Some landslide hits districts.
Some landslide is caused by earthquakes.
Some landslide leads to tsunamis.
Some landslide occurs during intense storms.
Some landslide occurs during storms.
Some landslide produces colossal waves.
Some landslide produces waves.
Some landslide triggers tidal waves.
Some landslide triggers waves.
Some landslides are actually shallow, which can be less dangerous.
Some landslides are large enough to create lakes by damming up rivers.
Some landslides can block bridges and create a flood at the same time.
Some landslides proceed at a snail's pace downslope, causing property damage.
Landslip is a slide
Landslips are a regular occurrence, erosion is continuous.
Landslips are common in many areas as are small seepy areas and springs.
A landsman is a beginner
Landsman asks at one point.
Landsman has three singers performing today.
Landsman is a great writer and a teacher who is full of compassion, honesty, and love.
LandViewIII page provides technical documentation, tutorials, FAQs, and other information.
Landward boundaries are the apparent shorelines or the boundaries of other aquatic areas.
Lane changes increase as the ranges of vehicle speeds on the roadway increase.
Lane County boasts an excellent public library system.
Lane County has a continuous maintenance program for all County owned covered bridges.
Lane County has a long association with cattle.
Lane county has a long association with the cattle industry.
Lane County has four fish hatcheries that raise salmon and steelhead.
Lane County has many communities offering diversity in weather as well as housing.
Lane county has more covered bridges than any other county west of the Appalachian Mountains.
Lane County is a farming community.
Lane County is a unique destination.
LANE County is attached to Ness County as a municipal township.
Lane County is recognized for outstanding accessible outdoor recreation and cultural activities.
Lane County is situated in west central Oregon.
Lane County maintains two day-use parks near the dam.
Lane County regulates the tipping fees.
Lane County shares Sister County relationships with counties in Germany and in China.
Lane discipline is adhered to on the nation's expressways.
Lane discipline is practically non-existent.
Lane lines are a permanent part of the surface.
Lane lines are available for lap swimming.
Lane lines are white lines separating lanes of traffic moving in the same direction.
Lane markers are outright ignored and even red lights are blatantly disregarded.
Lane marking is located in streets.
Lane markings are scarce and potholes are common.
Lane markings are scarce, and potholes are common and often dangerously deep.
Lane markings follow a consistent pattern.
A lane is an artifact
Lane blasts up the middle off right guard into the end zone.
Lane closures only.
Lane further proposes a citywide contest to generate the best Web site design ideas.
Lane howls over that line.
Lane isa artifact.
Lane points to Florida, where judges can override a jury's decision.
Lane scoffs at the notion that the extractees pose any kind of security risk.
Lane sketches and paints some ideas.
Lane switching slows traffic and creates a dangerous situation at the same time.
Lane wishes to correct the record here.
Lanes allow passage to all pastures with good clean fences and good metal gates.
Lanes also make it possible to have everyone run the same distance on a curved track.
Lanes are available for lap swimming on a daily basis.
Lanes are available most weekends.
Lanes are closed.
Lanes are located in cities.
Lanes are located in highways.
Lanes are located in roads.
Lanes are located in streets.
Lanes are located in towns.
Lanes are located in villages.
Lanes are narrow streets.
Lanes are narrow, pavement can be uneven and workers are often inches from moving traffic.
Lanes are on the north side and roads are on the south side.
Lanes are open to all traffic the remainder of the day.
Lanes are paths.
Lanes are regularly oiled, but the amount of oil is subject to change, even within a game.
Lanes are road surfaces.
Lanes are separated by stripes.
Lanes are separated by yellow stripes.
Lanes are streets.
Lanes are used for bowling.
Lanes are used for driving.
Lanes are used for traffic control.
Lanes can be permanent or temporary as the needs be.
Lanes can have any width, crown, and crown-shape.
Lanes has a warm friendly atmosphere and offers a variety of entertainment.
Lanes have (part) readsides.
Lanes have (part) sections.
Lanes intersect main roads, and they progress in numerical order.
Lanes represent capacity.
Lanes run between the kerb and the flow of traffic.
Lanes scroll faster and faster as racers accelerate.
Lanes shift for median and guardrail work.
Lanes take up entire roadbed.
All lanes are currently open to traffic.
All lanes are currently open.
All lanes are from the same gel.
All lanes are now open.
All lanes are open during daytime hours.
All lanes are open to traffic.
All lanes are open.
All lanes are reversible.
All lanes are to be used for general warm-up.
All lanes have an automatic scoring system and bumpers can be provided for the kids.
All lanes have automatic scoring, and the facility has a pro shop, bar and snack bar.
All lanes have some amount of tilt.
All lanes turn left.
Every lane is taken.
Every lane is the suicide lane.
More lanes means more jobs.
More lanes sends the message to the public to speed.
Most lanes also feature children's leagues.
Most lanes are separated by stripes.
Most lanes are separated by yellow stripes.
Most lanes look terrible by the end of a year even with good maintenance procedures.
Some lane closures almost every day for various construction activities.
Some lanes are lucky ones, Others are true.
Some lanes are shared-use and are on the pavement, clearly marked with a white line and sign posts.
Some lanes contain equivalents.
Some lanes even offer daycare service.
Some lanes shift with each passing train.
Laney amps are durable yet sophisticated.
LangaList readers come from all over the world and span every walk of life.
Langdon schoolboys wear dark trousers, the girls wear skirts.
A langley is an unit
Langleys provide a full range of legal services to commercial clients throughout the United Kingdom.
A langoustine is a lobster
Langoustines are exquisite with black truffles and morels.
Language acquisition interacts positively with occupational level.
Language acquisition is a cumulative process.
Language acquisition is a developmental process.
Language acquisition is a matter of practicing skills on a daily basis.
Language acquisition is a series of steps brought about by exposure and experimentation, they say.
Language acquisition is a technique for the computer to generate the grammar rules itself.
Language acquisition is an integrated learning experience.
Language acquisition is cumulative.
Language acquisition is developmental and sequential.
Language acquisition is in progress.
Language acquisition is key to other aspects of acculturation.
Language acquisition is natural.
Language acquisition is one example.
Language acquisition is one of the key milestones in early childhood development.
Language acquisition is one of the most important domains within the sciences of the mind.
Language acquisition is the only purpose stated.
Language acquisition is universal.
Language acquisition occurs at different stages.
Language acquisition occurs in all children in the same succession of stages.
Language acquisition occurs within a social environment .
Language acquisition remains a puzzle, raising questions of when and how it is accomplished.
Language acquisition takes study, practice, and a great deal of time on task.
Language arts are a strong component of all science units.
Language Arts Begin the school year armed with a virtual bookshelf filled with reference materials.
Language arts consists of reading, writing, and spelling.
Language arts encompasses reading, spelling and process writing.
Language Arts -Evaluate how works of fiction present dinosaurs and the Mesozoic era.
Language arts focus on creative writing activities.
Language arts includes reading and writing.
Language arts includes reading, writing, spelling, handwriting and grammar.
Language arts includes the study of literature, grammar and spelling.
Language arts includes the study of literature, writing, grammar and spelling.
Language arts is a year-long course and is required at each grade level.
Language arts is an important part of every student's growth.
Language arts is communication .
Language arts is communication and thought.
Language arts is integrated in all facets of classroom life.
Language arts is literature-based with a phonics component and encourages a love of reading.
Language arts is more than reading, 'riting, and reciting.
Language arts is one of the categories and includes lesson plans and reading links.
Language Arts Keep a dictionary of newspaper terms.
Language Arts Make a collage of a profession.
Language arts stresses oral communication, reading and written expression.
Language Arts Tell a story with a beginning, a middle, and an end.
All language arts encompass a whole language approach.
Language assessment includes tests of fluency, naming, comprehension, and repetition, at a minimum.
Language attitudes indicate separate literature is needed.
A language barrier is a barrier
Language barrier adds to the problem.
Language barrier is another.
Language barriers are a major issue in international organization information.
Language barriers are a problem for both parents and teachers.
Language barriers are also a problem.
Language barriers are barriers.
Language barriers are difficult and time consuming to bridge.
Language barriers are obvious, but try implementing other types of assessments.
Language barriers are often the first impediment to overcome.
Language barriers are one of the most prominent problems the women encountered.
Language barriers aren t a problem with merchants as almost everyone is bilingual.
Language barriers can also be responsible for runway incursions.
Language barriers can also cause frustration in hospital settings.
Language barriers can also pose problems for travelers who fall ill overseas.
Language barriers can compromise diagnosis and treatment.
Language barriers can inhibit reunions.
Language barriers can pose problems when parents rely on their children for interpretation.
Language barriers Finding good people is as difficult in many other countries as it is here.
Language barriers limit conversations between neighbors, but somehow it works out.
Language barriers make accessing services and finding employment difficult.
Language barriers make communication difficult.
Language barriers necessitate translation.
Language barriers pose no problems.
Language barriers present important challenges to library users and service providers.
Language barriers prevent refugees from getting the services to which they are entitled.
Language change is a problem.
Language change is as unpredictable as the tides.
Language change is distributed.
Language change is normal.
Language change is systematic and some changes are more plausible than others.
Language change is to be understood as a change in the make-up of grammars.
Language class involves the students in studying grammar and participating in the writing process.
Language classes are at all levels.
Language classes are available at all levels.
Language classes are interactive and taught almost entirely in the target language.
Language classes are mandatory.
Language classes are small and at eight levels.
Language classes are very popular as is the art of hula and the sport of canoe-racing.
Language classes discuss works from the collection in Spanish, French, and other languages.
Language Classes Learn a foreign language in a fun and relaxed atmosphere.
Language classes meet five days a week, at least ninety minutes a day, during both semesters.
Language classes meet two hours per day, five days a week.
All language classes involve some kind of feedback whether on-going, spoken, written, etc.
All language classes stress interactive activities taught by a caring, student-oriented faculty.
Any language class takes a great deal of time and effort.
Most language classes meet three to four times per week.
Language codes are alpha characters so the last two are alpha characters.
Language codes are case-insensitive.
Language codes are usually the first three letters of the language.
Language comprehension happens very rapidly and usually seems quite effortless.
Language comprehension takes place without difficulty.
Language courses are also available for companies with a global vision.
Language courses are also easier to get into than Literature in Translation, which are usually full.
Language courses are available for businesses or private individuals.
Language courses are available for students to learn how to speak Danish.
Language courses are available in Chinese, Japanese, Hindi, Urdu, and Tibetan.
Language courses are determined on the basis of the placement test.
Language courses are intensive and normally meet six hours per week.
Language courses are on cassette, CD, record or multimedia.
Language courses are semi-intensive and normally meet for two hours per day, five days per week.
Language courses are year-long.
Language courses continue second semester.
Language courses emphasize rapid acquisition of communication skills.
Language courses form the core of the major.
Language courses range from the introductory to the graduate level.
Language courses teach about foreign cultures and mentalities.
All language courses are year long courses.
All language courses have a business content.
All language courses have mandatory weekly language laboratories.
Every language course is customized at the level of the individual.
Most language courses have prerequisites.
Some language courses have tapes and lab manuals that accompany their texts.
Language death is a worldwide phenomenon.
Language death is of course nothing new.
Language deficits are ubiquitous amoung patients with dementia.
Language deficits have great localizing value.
Language delay is common.
Language development happens constantly in the toddler classroom.
Language development includes an early introduction to writing and reading for meaning.
Language development is a complex process.
Language development is a meta-goal of instruction across the school day.
Language development is addressed throughout the day in a variety naturally occurring situations.
Language development is an important aspect for all to achieve the necessary skills as an adult.
Language development is another area of focus.
Language development is continuous and recursive throughout an individual's life.
Language development is critical because it allows the child to communicate with the outside world.
Language development is especially slow.
Language development is essential to higher thinking.
Language development is more complex.
Language development is one of the most critical school readiness skills.
Language development is one of the most important phases of early childhood.
Language development is one of the priorities of any early education program.
Language development is stressed and stimulated through stories, songs, music, and rhymes.
Language development is the ability to listen, understand, and to speak to others.
Language development is the primary focus and content of all development for at-risk kids.
Language development occurs throughout the day in a variety of naturalistic contexts.
Language development proceeds at a rapid pace during early childhood.
Language development requires good vision and hearing.
Language development seems to be driven by nature and nurture.
Language difficulties are a tremendous barrier but they still try their best to communicate.
Language disorder predicts familial Alzheimer disease.
Language disorders are concerned with the development of language and linguistic processes.
Language disorders are most likely to occur following strokes on the left side of the brain.
Language disorders Ask a librarian for additional ideas.
Language diversity is concentrated very unevenly around the world.
Language diversity varies significantly across countries.
Language education has a significant impact on society on a global scale.
Language education is about broadening horizons.
Language education recognizes the globalization of our world in recent years.
Language errors are mild to moderate and are consistent.
Language errors are moderate to severe and are consistent.
Language evolution contains much cultural selection and very little natural selection.
Language evolution remains a profound mystery.
Language exchanges are well established.
Language extinction is accelerated today for some of the same reasons as species extinction.
Language fluency develops when students discuss and process the content.
Language fluency is an important requirement for volunteers.
Language fluency is required.
Language fluency is the key to international business success.
Language fraud is poison to a free society.
Language games are available.
Language games are successful when two agents agree on the meaning of a word, or fail otherwise.
Language games become a form of breathing.
Language games reveal some strange urge for language play .
Some language games promote memory skill, some for listening and some are guessing games.
Language generation requires planning based on mutual knowledge.
Language groups are different from a typical preschool or school experience.
Language identification is relatively easy, but demanding enough to work as an illustration.
Language immersion is a modern and successful form of second language acquisition.
Language immersion is the best way to learn conversational Spanish.
Language instructors use role-playing, music, and active participation in class discussion.
Language interpretation is a relatively slow process.
Language interpretation is available for Spanish speaking participants.
Language interpretation is available for Spanish-speaking participants.
Language interpretation tends to focus on the explicit symbols of language expression.
Language lab is an integral part of the course.
Language lab is required.
Language laboratories are available and students use the excellent library facilities.
Language laboratory exercises.
Language laboratory includes laser disc programs and computer software.
Language laboratory includes use of tapes related to text.
Language laboratory is an integral part of elementary and certain intermediate courses.
Language laboratory is held on a regular basis.
Language laboratory is required to supplement class work.
Language laboratory is required.
Language laboratory is the most modern device in language teaching.
Language laboratory provides assistance with pronunciation, grammar and listening-comprehension.
Language laws get far more attention than family law.
A language learning is a process
Language learning becomes an unforgettable and exciting intellectual experience.
Language learning becomes more difficult as children get older.
Language learning belongs in the child's domain.
Language learning can help Britain in Europe, says minister.
Language learning demands patience.
Language learning enhances the quality of cultural and intellectual life in general.
Language learning implies emotional involvement .
Language learning implies participation .
Language learning is a compelling example.
Language learning is a complex process.
Language learning is a cumulative process.
Language learning is a good challenge for technology in education.
Language learning is a life-long effort.
Language learning is a lifelong process.
Language learning is a long, straight staircase.
Language learning is a matter of performing habits so well learned that they become automatic.
Language learning is a slow, humbling, but also a humorous experience.
Language learning is a time consuming process requiring hard work and lots of patience.
Language learning is a very personal, cultural-integrating process.
Language learning is a walk through a jungle.
Language learning is aided by maximal exposure and immersion in the language.
Language learning is an active process.
Language learning is an astonishing achievement.
Language learning is an important type of learning, i.e., cultural awareness and sensitivity.
Language learning is complex.
Language learning is controlled, at least in part, by some underlying maturational timetable.
Language learning is cultural learning.
Language learning is cumulative.
Language learning is different from other school subjects.
Language learning is far from being a solved problem.
Language learning is governed by biological mechanisms.
Language learning is largely a communicative process.
Language learning is likely to be such as task.
Language learning is most fun, when combined with a vacation in the foreign country.
Language learning is most successful when connected among students, school and community.
Language learning is never just about words.
Language learning is promoted across content areas.
Language learning is SO helpful.
Language learning is stressed, involving Asian languages as well as European and American languages.
Language learning is the best way to truly be come a part of a ny culture.
Language learning is the most widely tested use of the method around the world.
Language learning needs to be reinforced at home as well as at school.
Language learning provides an excellent context for developing interpersonal skills.
Language learning provides the perfect context for developing interpersonal skills.
Language learning requires active participation on the part of the students.
Language learning requires constant review of previously-learned material.
Language learning requires regular study and practice.
Language learning requires the ability to record, forward, and archive sound.
Language learning starts with community and ends with community.
Language learning takes a long time, approximately five to seven years.
Language learning takes time and practice.
A language lesson is a lesson
Language lessons focus on games and music.
Language loss is difficult to regain and most of the losses that have occurred are irretrievable.
Language models add specialty language to general-purpose speech recognition engines.
Language models can be one of the largest parts of a speech recognizer, taking many megabytes.
Language module adds foreign language support.
Language modules consist of a speech recognizer, parser, and dialogue manager.
Language names are no solution to the classification problem either.
Language negotiation is a great feature when navigating through multilingual sites.
Language of birds is a riddle on earth.
Language of instruction is Chinese.
Language of instruction is English, but conversational to fluent Spanish is preferred.
Language of instruction is english.
Language of instruction is English.
Language of instruction is German , special courses also in English.
Language of instruction is German.
Language of instruction is Hebrew.
Language of instruction is in English.
Language of instruction is only one of the many factors involved in good schooling.
Language of instruction is Portuguese.
Language of instruction is primarily French.
Language of instruction is principally English, partly German.
Language of instruction is Spanish.
Languages of instruction are English and German.
Languages of instruction are French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese and German.
Language planning is a democratic process.
Language planning is a misleading term.
Language police are there to hurt people for speaking their native tongue.
Language policies apply to all public rooms.
Language policy affects social and political access to careers and public goods.
Language policy is a tricky thing, and famously fickle.
Language policy lends itself, for all sorts of reasons, to the realm of forgetting.
Language processing is also largely automatic .
Language processing is done, at worst, with characters and, at best, with meanings.
Language proficiency generates confidence and competence in communicating.
Language proficiency involves both comprehension and production.
Language proficiency is a key focus of the program.
Language proficiency is assessed on a nine-level scale in line with European models.
Language proficiency is determined through examination.
Language proficiency is essential in both fields.
Language proficiency is necessary for non-English speaking countries.
Language proficiency is required for all Latin American programs.
Language proficiency is required for France, Germany and Spain.
Language proficiency is required for some programs.
Language proficiency is required in most non-English speaking countries.
Language proficiency is required.
Language proficiency is taken into consideration.
Language proficiency varies with the program and the level of instruction.
Language recognition is a subset of pattern recognition, a large and rapidly-growing field.
Language reforms make big changes to a language .
Language reforms make big changes to a language.
Language revival wants to save a language that is dead or endangered.
Language rights expresses clearly.
A language school is a school
Language school seeks teachers .
Language schools are eager to hire teachers for English teaching positions all across Asia.
Language schools are everywhere, for all different levels and incomes.
Language schools are part of that fabric of activities that are still very much on the agenda.
Language schools are schools.
Language schools make up a considerable portion of the private educational sector.
Language schools teach high level English plus teach science and math in English.
Most language schools enroll students of all ages and backgrounds.
Most language schools meet at one time or other a student with highly specified needs.
Most language schools offer different levels of instruction to suit a student's particular needs.
Language service is provided in English and Korean.
Language shift occurs when it is perceived that it provides a quicker route to social mobility.
Language standards are important.
Most language standards describe what learners know and are able to do at various levels.
Language structure becomes an integral part of oral communication.
Language structure is taught both holistically and analytically.
Language structure is taught within the same topics.
Language studies are encyclopaedic by nature.
Language studies are especially encouraged.
Language studies are very time consuming and there are no short cuts.
Language studies emphasize the conventions of English.
Language studies go well.
Language studies take place during their third and fourth years.
Language study begins in the eighth grade.
Language study begun after applying is considered insufficient.
Language study can give job candidates a significant edge in a competitive market.
Language study can use chat transcripts for grammar practice in language courses.
Language study continues during the final four weeks of the semester.
Language study continues throughout the doctoral programme.
Language study emphasizes small class size and individual attention.
Language study includes a study of Greek roots and focuses on expanding verbal fluency.
Language study includes review and practice in current language conventions.
Language study includes spelling and vocabualry.
Language study includes spelling and vocabulary.
Language study includes spelling, vocabulary, and learning about language history and structure.
Language study includes spelling, vocabulary, and mechanics.
Language study includes vocabulary building and an understanding of the conventions of grammar.
Language study includes vocabulary building and learning about grammar and spelling.
Language study includes vocabulary building and learning about grammar.
Language study includes vocabulary building and learning about language structure and use.
Language study includes vocabulary development, grammar usage and mechanics.
Language study includes vocabulary, and learning about language history and structure.
Language study is an important component of the major.
Language study is an important issue for our employees in the current global business environment.
Language study is an integral part of a liberal arts education.
Language study is augmented by lectures on etymology and classical culture.
Language study is common at programs in Germany, Spain, Japan, the Dominican Republic, etc.
Language study is complemented by learning about the culture in which the langauge is spoken.
Language study is far from over, however.
Language study is important for the student of the humanities.
Language study is integrated with learning about Norwegian culture.
Language study is of particular interest to international relations majors.
Language study is of special importance.
Language study is only the beginning.
Language study is part of the curriculum in all non-English speaking countries.
Language study is required, as are non-language units relevant to the selected region.
Language study is required.
Language study is stressed as the key to in-depth understanding of the culture.
Language study is stressed as the key to understanding the culture.
Language study is stressed.
Language study is supported.
Language study is the key that unlocks the mysteries surrounding a foreign people.
Language study is the most important pre-requisite for graduate work in religion.
Language study is today a field undergoing major changes and improvements.
Language study is valuable in and of itself.
Language study needs to be consistent and persistent.
Language study opens up opportunities, experiences, and insights otherwise unavailable.
Language study plays an important role for the voice student.
Language study prepares students for graduate study and research in many fields.
Language study prepares students for their year at a partner university in Europe.
Language study starts at the intermediate level.
All language studies point to the importance of the mother tongue.
All language study bears on the process of communication.
Any language study is beneficial.
Language tags are case insensitive.
Language teachers are in demand.
A language teaching is a teaching
Language teaching approaches for school-aged learners in second language contexts.
Language teaching are teaching.
Language teaching is different from many other forms of training, due to the nature of language.
Language teaching is facilitated greatly by an undefinable dedication to the native students.
Language teaching is related to the needs and subject matter of the programme as a whole.
Language teaching needs to be institutionalised, transmitted and used inter-generationally.
Language technology means processing human language by information technology.
Language testing is required for non-native English speakers.
Language transfer is the key issue.
Language translation can be of aid to businesses and individuals.
Language translation depends on judge participation.
Language translation extends it all globally.
Language translation is our business, our only business.
Language translation is set up to facilitate the on line discussions.
Language translations are also available for English and Spanish.
Language translations are also available.
Every language translation goes through an extensive quality control procedure.
Some language translation is also available.
Language trees show the two conflicting evolutionary theories.
Language usage is different.
Language usage is fully correct.
Language usage is power.
Language usage promotes greater awareness and consciousness.
Language usage promotes lack of awareness.
Language acts as a barrier to existing health insurance programs in the United States as well.
Language acts as the key to the central ideas of a people.
Language Addresses the innateness issue of human language in terms of neurobiology.
Language adds nothing to the process - elegant though it is, it is just a tool.
Language adds to the foreign charisma.
Language affects attitudes.
Language affects human structure, the depth of our breathing, and the tension level of muscles.
Language affects thinking.
Language affirming that international law is the framework is essential.
Language aids people in adjusting along with their culture as it changes.
Language aids people in adjusting as their culture changes.
Language allows a people to preserve and pass on their heritage.
Language allows abstract thought, communication and make believe play.
Language allows for more accurate copying of thought as it grows more precise.
Language allows human beings to express their emotions.
Language allows humans to cooperate on a very large scale.
Language allows individuals to share ideas and produce greater results.
Language allows people to replicate , represent , recreate , or modify experience.
Language Allows the choice of a Language for the element.
Language Allows the user to choose the language that the icons appear in.
Language alone is meditation.
Language also becomes an increasing challenge as students undertake the solution of word problems.
Language also carries culture developed through history, within specific geographical areas.
Language also changes, from using different sounds in words, which are called phonemes.
Language also is created by human activity.
Language also plays a crucial role in today's economy.
Language also serves as a window into human cognition.
Language anchors the mind to a given culture.
Language appears to be Chinese.
Language appears when actions begin to be represented symbolically.
Language are the communicator's tool but sometimes the limitations are so great that the tool fails.
Language arises from movement.
Language arts Computer-assisted instruction.
Language ask questions, express feelings, and share ideas.
Language becomes a commission, a dance, a play, a song.
Language becomes a key issue here, opening up the possibility of misinterpretation.
Language becomes a novelty for the creative.
Language becomes a part of the childs life much sooner.
Language becomes a point of class-identity and status.
Language becomes a smokescreen to hide deeper prejudices.
Language becomes a tool for sharing experience.
Language becomes a tool of thought allowing children increasingly to master their own behavior.
Language becomes a tool of thought allowing children increasingly to master their own behaviour.
Language becomes as meaningless as the sound of wind.
Language becomes indefinite and open-ended.
Language becomes more and more inefficient for expression of ideas.
Language becomes offensive and uncalled for because it is used inappropriately.
Language becomes possible.
Language becomes the ultimate form of art.
Language begins to accrete around an initially vague impression.
Language begins with cooing and progresses to babbling, the repetition of speechlike sounds.
Language being a natural faculty is capable of constant im- provement and has advanced steadily.
Language belongs to everybody and to nobody.
Language breaks down, but it points to our goal and being.
Language brings comfort, enables access to local society and enables communication.
Language brings context to notions like tradition and culture.
Language brings meaning to what is observed, heard and read.
Language builds on itself, so keep up with the work.
Language can accomplish immortality.
Language can also be a barrier in reading the original records.
Language can also be a barrier in understanding the doctor' s advice and directions.
Language can also be a barrier to access to health care.
Language can also be a barrier.
Language can also be a fashion statment, or an ancient ritual, or just a really fun toy.
Language can also create a barrier in an increasingly competitive environment.
Language can also induce, as well as communicate, emotion.
Language can and often is used without logic.
Language can be a barrier in reading the vital records.
Language can be a barrier to understanding each other.
Language can be a barrier, as can getting transportation to a study site.
Language can be a barrier, or a bridge, between different peoples.
Language can be a great game.
Language can be a limiting vehicle.
Language can be a major barrier to literacy.
Language can be a powerful tool when forging a common vision.
Language can be a powerful vehicle in the expression of prejudice and discrimination.
Language can be a problem outside the main towns.
Language can be a problem, though.
Language can be ambiguous.
Language can be as confusing and deceptive as it is intended to be clarifying.
Language can be both startlingly aggressive and powerfully delicate.
Language can be divisive.
Language can be dramatic or beautiful or boring or powerful or playful.
Language can be English or French.
Language can be full of technical jargon.
Language can be funny.
Language can be painful or pleasurable.
Language can be so powerful.
Language can be the cause of misunderstandings as well, however.
Language can be violent and inflammatory without swearing.
Language can be visual or auditory, speech is the use of ones voice to talk.
Language can be words, gestures or writing.
Language can become crumpled also.
Language can cause palpable physical reactions.
Language can convey a message other than the one intended.
Language can convey biased or ethnocentric attitudes.
Language can demean one's sense of dignity.
Language can develop smoothly and continuously, or in jumps and spurts.
Language can elevate thought and ennoble our behavior.
Language can frame the perspective from which images are, or are intended to be, read.
Language can get in the way.
Language can have genuine meaning.
Language can have many forms.
Language can help create light without heat.
Language can help create understanding.
Language can help promote feelings of interest in the audience.
Language can hurt.
Language can indeed impart values, etc.
Language can induce insecurity and fear.
Language can lift up public discourse.
Language can make sense in another independant act of speech only.
Language can manipulate our perspective on reality.
Language can only convey cultural biases.
Language can only describe events one at a time, so the concurrence tends to get lost.
Language can only imitate thought just as a computer can only simulate weather or intelligence.
Language can open a door.
Language can perpetuate prejudices and prevent change.
Language can perpetuate the violence-provoking actions of others.
Language can place little barriers between people organizing for change in the simplest ways.
Language can play a valuable role in multiculturalism in the museum but further research is needed.
Language can point to truth but it leaves an uncertainty in our minds as well.
Language can reveal or conceal.
Language can seem clear, but much is hidden.
Language can show what is important in a culture.
Language can t hurt a child, but hearing hateful messages can.
Language can turn humour into something as dry as dust - if used incorrectly.
Language carries culture and values, and as the one disappears, so do the others.
Language carries culture, and culture carries . . .
Language carries it's own message of enthusiasm.
Language change Any change in a language that takes place over time.
Language change The word repertoire of every language alters constantly.
Language changes during the normal aging process.
Language changes for several reasons.
Language changes from personality disorders.
Language changes more quickly than any other human activity.
Language changes on a daily basis.
Language changes on every open window online.
Language changes that way all the time.
Language changes with historical occurences and time.
Language clarifies the method of distribution of the policy to students.
Language classes all too often are teacher centered with the instructor doing most of the talking.
Language clears space in that field, exposing the white surface rather than concealing it.
Language combines lightness and substance in a new, ingenious manner.
Language comes alive on the page as both vision and sound . . .
Language comes in and goes out.
Language communicates a message.
Language communicates membership and status.
Language communicates what is meaningful to people as it is defined by a particular culture.
Language conditions our unconscious, conscious minds.
Language consists of exchanges of meaning in various interpersonal contexts.
Language consists of more than nouns.
Language consists of sounds, forms and meaning.
Language consists of speaking, reading, and writing.
Language consists of such naming.
Language constantly evolves and is never static and forever set in stone.
Language constitutes our realities.
Language construct One of the typical usage schemas of the language.
Language contains an inner duality in that it has both covert and overt meaning.
Language contains and maintains cultural elements that clearly depict the queendom as matristic.
Language contains many English words, and U.S. culture is much in evidence.
Language contains such a variety of choices, fascinating nuances and power.
Language continually evolves.
Language continues to be a problem.
Language continues to be created by society, and remain a strong force in human lives.
Language continues to develop in subtle ways.
Language courses through the intermediate level fulfill the language requirement.
Language covers the whole of reality.
Language creates a link between sound and idea.
Language creates and sustains society.
Language creates meaning.
Language creates our human world.
Language creates reality.
Language creates the human world.
Language deals with the capacity to make reference to objects and operations.
Language defines character and gives characters authenticity or credibility.
Language defines our perceptions .
Language demands large and complex brains, but it also demands a community of users and speakers.
Language demonstrates knowledge of topic.
Language Describes the language for presenting the intellectual content of the resource.
Language describes what is already present to consciousness before the advent of any signs.
Language designates here the non-negative other of speculation.
Language Designates the message database language to use, for example, English, French, and so on.
Language determines how people understand and communicate about their world.
Language develops along an intrinsically determined path, very much like a physical organ.
Language develops along standard lines correlated with age and other types of development.
Language develops and changes over time.
Language develops as a child plays and interacts with others.
Language develops best in a variety of rich contexts.
Language develops in a series of approximations toward native-like norms.
Language develops in the context of interpersonal relation-ships.
Language develops, and a dictionary records that development.
Language dies when it is put away.
Language differ in the set of segments that they employ.
Language directly effects emotions and vice versa.
Language directs humanity and creates human reality.
Language does for intelligence what the wheel does for the feet and the body.
Language does have a new kind of volatility in Australian social and economic life.
Language does, however, have one interesting factor that demonstrates intelligence.
Language dominates as the preferred method of communication.
Language earns the R rating.
Language effectively proscribes the parameters within which individuals are able to think.
Language emerges to reflect and schematize the patterns of an intangible social interaction.
Language emphasizes parts of speech and more complex sentence structures.
Language enables the formulation of theories about social situations and physical reality.
Language enters the play quite naturally.
Language evokes histories, emotions, values, issues, knowledge, and inventions.
Language evolves from the complex to the simple.
Language evolves over time from usage.
Language evolves through slang.
Language exercises All the facilities a teacher needs in one place.
Language exercises for adults .
Language exists as a primary means of communication for our being.
Language exists because of how the mind is built.
Language exists on two axes.
Language exists only when it is listened to as well as spoken.
Language exists to communicate ideas.
Language exists to communicate whatever it can communicate.
Language exists to conceal true thought.
Language exists, use it.
Language explains many of the quirks and oddities of the novel.
Language facilitates the integration of the motor and visual mapping systems.
Language fails after such an experience.
Language falls short of capturing the experience of enlightenment.
Language features ensure safety within the kernel.
Language features guide programmers towards reliable programming habits.
Language features is but one element in the selection process.
Language features peculiar to the U.K. get discussed in soc.culture.british as well as here.
Language features Powerful string manipulation.
Language flies apart.
Language formalizes as an oral tradition.
Language forms just the most flexible, universal, and meaningful part of expression.
Language forms the core for both the strengths and weaknesses of students.
Language frees sex .
Language fulfills a child's own needs and purposes.
Language generates reality.
Language Give the whole family a mini-language lesson.
Language gives definition to our memories.
Language gives humans a freedom which animals lack.
Language gives humans a means by which to negotiate meaning through symbols.
Language gives humans the ability to communicate the past, present, and the future.
Language gives pattern and form to the void.
Language gives teachers of multiple subjects an interesting way to cross disciplines.
Language gives way to an electronic stutter.
Language Go to the previous , next chapter.
Language Go to the previous , next section.
Language goes all the way down.
Language goes deeper than technical literacy.
Language goes hand in hand with reading.
Language governing the issuance of bonds and obligations is included.
Language greatly extends the range of possible simulations.
Language grows and expands meaning by means of metaphors.
Language grows by incorporating terms which make their d but as slang.
Language has a big influence on people.
Language has a body and the body has a language.
Language has a different usage for an autistic person than it has for a non-autistic person.
Language has a fundamental role to play in the process of cognitive and affective development.
Language has a future, a great one.
Language has a great deal of power.
Language has a kind of dual track.
Language has a lot to do with it, of course, as does thousands of years of cultural history.
Language has a major role in all subjects including reading, math, history, geography, and even art.
Language has a multimedia nature.
Language has a powerful way of both revealing and concealing reality.
Language has a shelf life.
Language has a very large auditory component.
Language has a way of doing violence.
Language has everything to do with social existence.
Language has feeling in it.
Language has gender.
Language has lots of holes and bobbles wrong with it.
Language has meaning and structure, or syntax, and visual information.
Language has no concern for abstracts, but with a particular subject at a given time.
Language has no essence but only different phenomena related in various ways.
Language has no other function, although it has vast spaces in which to play.
Language has patterns.
Language has power and it has the potential of being lethal.
Language has power over behavior.
Language has power, and it reflects or creates inner thought and direction.
Language has several parts that develop at the same time.
Language has social meaning.
Language has sound patterns including rhyme, rhythm, alliteration, repetition.
Language has structural patterns and conventions.
Language has structure , phoneme, pitch, rhythm, syncopation.
Language has structures and conventions.
Language has the power to reinforce bias.
Language has the power to represent people, their customs and traditions.
Language has to be simplified in all areas of CR practice.
Language has two features.
Language has two forms, written and spoken.
Language has wide applications.
Language has words.
Language helps a child to understand a visual situation by adding meaning to it.
Language helps shape a people's identity.
Language helps to sustain it so that the experience can be acted on.
Language here is fundamentally the 'living present' in speech.
Language here is mostly Cantonese and Mandarin.
Language hides as well as reveals.
Language holds together all our cultural and social institutions.
Language hurts people, reality hurts people. . . .
Language implies something generally humane and culturally original.
Language implying a heterosexual bias needs to be removed.
Language improve near either Spain either trusts judy collins.
Language includes natural and artificial languages and texts.
Language includes reading, phonetics, spelling, vocabulary, grammar and handwriting.
Language includes technical terms and jargon.
Language increasingly intrudes in all academic skills.
Language indicates national identity.
Language Indicates the language of the published text.
Language Indicates whether document is in any language other than English.
Language influences our thoughts and beliefs.
Language involves listening, reading, speaking, and writing skills.
Language involves signs, sounds, and often written forms.
Language involves the elements of risk and responsibility.
Language is a badge of identity.
Language is a barrier here.
Language is a barrier that can be easily overcome.
Language is a barrier that can be overcome.
Language is a barrier.
Language is a basic expression of the genes.
Language is a big issue.
Language is a bigger thing than verbal behavior.
Language is a both a cultural product and a natural phenomenon.
Language is a bridge to other cultures.
Language is a central and obvious case of conventional shi affairs.
Language is a central concern of humankind and with good reason.
Language is a central priority.
Language is a city to the building of which every human being brought a stone.
Language is a code for expressing and interpreting oral and written thoughts and needs.
Language is a code.
Language is a collection of articles on various topics in linguistics.
Language is a collective enterprise.
Language is a collective product, and no one can control it or prevent it from changing.
Language is a common thread that binds society.
Language is a complex matter in Bali, Basically there are two different Balinese languages.
Language is a concern with a greater percent of Hispanic residents.
Language is a consideration, even if the college is in an English speaking country.
Language is a continual object of interest in newspapers, magazines, radio, and television.
Language is a continuum of the values of Natural Law.
Language is a contributing factor, of course.
Language is a core element in the major.
Language is a cortical organization and processing talent.
Language is a creative and powerful tool.
Language is a critical part of the site metaphor, the user interface, and the user experience.
Language is a cultural matter, a way of expressing meanings, of coding experiences.
Language is a cultural mosaic of communication.
Language is a cultural virus, analogous to biological ones.
Language is a determining factor in the construction of self and identity.
Language is a different story.
Language is a divine gift.
Language is a divinely sanctioned thing.
Language is a dominant influence in the development of culture.
Language is a dynamic thing, and especially so for Singlish.
Language is a factor.
Language is a first step to recovering culture.
Language is a fluid, ever-changing medium.
Language is a force in national and social cohesion.
Language is a force.
Language is a form of communication specific to humans.
Language is a form of situated action.
Language is a foundation of all human interactions and relationships.
Language is a foundation of literature.
Language is a fundamental component of Hawaiian culture.
Language is a fundamental element of culture.
Language is a fundamental human activity .
Language is a fundamental part of Indigenous heritage.
Language is a further barrier to understanding.
Language is a game for more than one player.
Language is a gift Any person expresses oneself through a language.
Language is a gloriously democratic thing, and that is why people try so hard to control it.
Language is a good example.
Language is a good place to start.
Language is a great idea.
Language is a great power.
Language is a highly significant manifestation of culture .
Language is a human activity.
Language is a human invention that keeps changing over time, and as such, it can only be contingent.
Language is a human invention.
Language is a human's most salient quality.
Language is a key aspect of culture.
Language is a key factor in accomplishing integration.
Language is a key marker of membership of a particular ethnic group.
Language is a key part of human intelligence.
Language is a key problem in going international.
Language is a key to many doors.
Language is a kind of code.
Language is a labyrinth of paths.
Language is a leading indicator of the psychological and institutional health of social units.
Language is a learned human behavior.
Language is a learned skill , a program people follow in order to communicate.
Language is a lifelong learning process.
Language is a living thing, and words either survive by acquiring new uses, or they're replaced.
Language is a living thing.
Language is a major barrier to access.
Language is a major defining difference.
Language is a major factor to how the world is.
Language is a major means by which people share what they have learned about the local environment.
Language is a major problem for historians on the Internet.
Language is a major vehicle for the expression of prejudice or discrimination.
Language is a male artifact, part of a male culture, and has been shaped to meet men's needs.
Language is a manifestation of the mind and a medium for the mind.
Language is a many splendored thing.
Language is a means for communication between people and cultures.
Language is a means for communication.
Language is a means of communication.
Language is a means of contact with other human beings.
Language is a medium for art as well as communication.
Language is a medium through which one discovers a culture different from one's own.
Language is a meritocratic medium.
Language is a method of communication.
Language is a miracle.
Language is a mirror of reality and is used to describe external reality.
Language is a mode of communication between a transmitter and a receiver.
Language is a multi-levelled system.
Language is a multiplicity, dialogism and heteroglossia at war with monologism.
Language is a mutable characteristic.
Language is a necessary asocial and unstable component of any stable society.
Language is a network of choices available to speakers.
Language is a part of speech.
Language is a particularized structure, drawing heavily on our analytical way of thinking.
Language is a passport to magical lands and secrets unrevealed to most people.
Language is a person's most valuable possession.
Language is a poet's swollen river, washing over everywhere, changing the landscape.
Language is a political consequence of war.
Language is a pool of rain fathoms below in the dark of the ocean.
Language is a poor way to communicate certain phenomena.
Language is a potent force in the promotion of nationalism and national cohesion.
Language is a powerful device amongst human beings.
Language is a powerful element when understanding a culture.
Language is a powerful factor in society.
Language is a powerful filter on our individual experience.
Language is a powerful force in human society.
Language is a powerful instrument of discrimination.
Language is a powerful instrument of justice or an injustice.
Language is a powerful instrument.
Language is a powerful link with the past.
Language is a powerful socializer.
Language is a powerful system of communication.
Language is a powerful tool - wield it carefully and respectfully.
Language is a powerful tool for communication non-verbal communication is just as important.
Language is a powerful tool in any interaction and the way that it is used is full of lessons.
Language is a powerful tool that can discriminate unintentionally.
Language is a powerful tool, that has endless possibilities.
Language is a powerful weapon in the class struggle.
Language is a primary way individuals communicate what they think and feel.
Language is a problem that can be over come.
Language is a problem to the methodology.
Language is a problem too.
Language is a problem.
Language is a process that shapes our reality.
Language is a proxy of communication.
Language is a puzzle.
Language is a raw material.
Language is a reflection of life, of the realities that people have to live with, day after day.
Language is a reflection of reality and also works to produce imbalance coercively.
Language is a reflection of the intellectual and spiritual habits of the people who use it.
Language is a requirement for all but the summer business program.
Language is a resource.
Language is a road map of a culture.
Language is a rule-governed system.
Language is a serious barrier to communication.
Language is a service possessed only by human beings.
Language is a set of conventions that evolve by anarchy.
Language is a set of cues for situation-model construction.
Language is a sign system with alphabet, vocabulary and grammar.
Language is a signaling system, made up primarily of words.
Language is a significant part of the play and the plot.
Language is a significant part of the race equation.
Language is a site of political struggle.
Language is a small problem, of course.
Language is a social act.
Language is a social behavior.
Language is a social fact.
Language is a social phenomenon.
Language is a social, cultural and political artifact.
Language is a social-biological tool.
Language is a socio-historical phenomenon.
Language is a sore point.
Language is a special case.
Language is a species-specific trait of human beings.
Language is a species-specific, genetically determined capacity.
Language is a spoken, symbolic, and learned system of communication among human beings.
Language is a strange medium.
Language is a subject of respect and study whereas lingo is a source of irritation.
Language is a survival tool that facilitates our adjustment to our surroundings.
Language is a symbol used for communication.
Language is a symbolic behavior.
Language is a system of communication specific to the human race.
Language is a system of cultural knowledge used to generate and interpret speech.
Language is a system of signs.
Language is a system of symbolic signs.
Language is a system of verbal, written, or gestured symbols that are used to communicate.
Language is a system representing cognitive thought processes.
Language is a thing all by itself, it's ontological, selfreferential and selfregulating.
Language is a thinking process which allows students to learn and grow.
Language is a tool for creation.
Language is a tool for fantasy and imagination.
Language is a tool for thought.
Language is a tool of communication and as such, words mean what people agree they mean.
Language is a tool of the people.
Language is a tool.
Language is a transformational tool.
Language is a unique and universal attribute of humanity.
Language is a unique characteristic of human thought.
Language is a vector.
Language is a vehicle by which children learn.
Language is a vehicle for transmitting meanings from one person to another.
Language is a vehicle of thought and highly correlated with mental growth.
Language is a vehicle to convey our thoughts to others.
Language is a very complex and difficult tool to use.
Language is a very demanding medium to work in.
Language is a very entangling web.
Language is a very hard thing to put into words.
Language is a very powerful means of empowering and reaching people.
Language is a very powerful thing.
Language is a virus from another planet.
Language is a virus from outer space.
Language is a virus.
Language is a vital part of our life's work in shaping our own nature.
Language is a way in, a corridor with doors, each opening into a new world.
Language is a way of communicating with patterns of symbols.
Language is a way of expressing our thoughts.
Language is a way that many people communicate among each other.
Language is a wonderful thing.
Language is a wonderful tool for communication.
Language is a wonderful tool, and accurate communication aids in mutual understanding.
Language is about communicating with other people.
Language is about power, and men have it.
Language is accessible to most readers.
Language is acquired and powerful communicative capacities develop.
Language is acquired and retained through meaningful use and practice.
Language is acquired by imitation.
Language is acquired by learning and exposure.
Language is acquired through interaction as well as learned from the teacher.
Language is active in reconstruction and retaining of suppressed memories.
Language is addressed with a Spanish dialogue for students to learn and recite.
Language is addressed with An Italian Conversation, a dialogue for two students to learn and recite.
Language is adopted as a tool and utilized to express widely differing cultural experiences.
Language is advanced through multiple forms of self-expression.
Language is aesthetic.
Language is aesthetical.
Language is after all just a symbolic over-simplification.
Language is alive, vital.
Language is all.
Language is also a behaviour so it can be based on the same principles.
Language is also a byproduct of emotional attachment.
Language is also a major problem.
Language is also a pattern.
Language is also a problem.
Language is also a visible marker that provides a way of tracing the history of a culture.
Language is also an impediment to sound consumer relations.
Language is also an important mentifact.
Language is also closely interrelated to the emotional and sensory interpretation of information.
Language is also different within setting.
Language is also divisive.
Language is also flexible, almost ludicrously so.
Language is also fluid and ever changing.
Language is also important.
Language is also material in that it is subject to change and decline.
Language is always a translation from culture.
Language is always in transition.
Language is always lower case, and country is always uppcer case.
Language is always political.
Language is always such a difficulty.
Language is ambiguous if it is reasonably open to different constructions.
Language is among the most complex and robust of all human cognitive capabilities.
Language is an abstract system of word meaning and symbols for all aspects of culture.
Language is an abstract system of word meanings and symbols for all aspects of culture.
Language is an abstraction.
Language is an analogy and is used so often by the antievolutonists.
Language is an art.
Language is an auditory skill.
Language is an easy thing to change.
Language is an efficient ordering of the world's enigmatic abundance.
Language is an elementary form of teaching.
Language is an emotional and divisive issue, as anyone living here soon learns.
Language is an encyclopaedia of ignorance.
Language is an enormously helpful and powerful tool in culture learning.
Language is an essential component in development.
Language is an essential dimension in the film.
Language is an essential part of modern human communication.
Language is an essential tool for-ivwning.
Language is an essentially human means of communication.
Language is an example of a cultural structure.
Language is an example of cortical localisation.
Language is an expression of our identity.
Language is an external representation of internal thoughts.
Language is an extraordinary gift passed down from previous generations.
Language is an extraordinary thing.
Language is an extremely complex system.
Language is an identity marker.
Language is an immensely powerful shaping tool.
Language is an imperfect instrument.
Language is an important connector .
Language is an important element of cultural identity.
Language is an important element of our shared faith.
Language is an important factor in mediation.
Language is an important factor.
Language is an important marker of social status.
Language is an important means of communication, even for babies.
Language is an important part of culture and identity.
Language is an important part of defining culture.
Language is an important part of ethnic maintenance.
Language is an important part of our identity.
Language is an important part of the new order.
Language is an important part of the pre-operational child's life.
Language is an important procedural skill learned by children in the first years of life.
Language is an important tool for everyday living.
Language is an important tool for the planner, but it is still only a tool.
Language is an important tool of communication.
Language is an important tool.
Language is an important way for humans to communicate.
Language is an impression.
Language is an inadequate form for conveying the many nuances of music's expressiveness.
Language is an incredibly complex instrument, but our experience with it is very simple.
Language is an ingenious tool of the human race - whether spoken or written.
Language is an inherently digital medium of communication.
Language is an initial attempt to address the issue.
Language is an instrument.
Language is an integral part of a culture.
Language is an integral part of any culture.
Language is an integral part of human reasoning.
Language is an integral part of the definition of culture.
Language is an intellectual tool basic to all disciplines.
Language is an interesting field and study in and of itself.
Language is an interesting problem.
Language is an intergral part of every human society.
Language is an issue because an utterly poor choice stands in the way of understanding.
Language is an issue.
Language is an odd thing.
Language is an open system.
Language is an other.
Language is analogical.
Language is another barrier that needs to be addressed.
Language is another consideration.
Language is another deciding factor for computer ownership.
Language is another important area of the prepared environment.
Language is another important way in which sensitivity to cultures and diversity can be expressed.
Language is another issue to consider in reaching foreign markets through the Internet.
Language is another key factor in Spanish culture and politics.
Language is another key issue in the valuation of alternative TLDs.
Language is another major issue in global communications.
Language is another obvious aspect of local culture.
Language is another possibility.
Language is another problem.
Language is another strong bond that unites the people of Tanzania.
Language is apart of our identity as a society and even our personal identity.
Language is applied and their vocabulary is increased as the children talk about their art projects.
Language is appropriate for children and correct in form.
Language is arbitrary, and can be used incorrectly.
Language Is arbitrary.
Language is arguably the most basic component of culture.
Language is arguably what separates human beings from all other animals.
Language is as functional as the person using it.
Language is as important to learning mathematics as it is to learning to read.
Language is assessed in detail following presentation of memory items.
Language is at an end.
Language is at once the most diverse and the most clearly structured aspect of human behavior.
Language is at the center of human activity.
Language is at the heart of the human experience.
Language is at the same time structure and communication.
Language is based on a type of logic system.
Language is based on experiences.
Language is based on ideas and experiences.
Language is big and is usually very telling of a person's background.
Language is biological, an innate way to communicate.
Language is born in relationships.
Language is both a tool of thought and a means of communication.
Language is both an index and a restrictor.
Language is both English and Italian in the same book.
Language is both extremely systematic and immensely varied.
Language is both instrumental for and symbolic of power relations in society.
Language is both motor and perceptual, yet, fundamentally, neither.
Language is both personal and social.
Language is both power and necessity.
Language is both the vehicle and the most profound expression of culture.
Language is broader than English , or Spanish , for example.
Language is broken into sentences or phrases.
Language is but a multitude of pictures.
Language is but one tool, one step to set things right.
Language is by definition speech, and the regulation of any language is the regulation of speech.
Language is carefully graded and the emphasis is on short, snappy, achievable tasks.
Language is central to anthropological inquiry.
Language is central to culture and identity.
Language is central to individual and group affiliation and culture maintenance.
Language is central to the critical and postmodern perspectives on organizations and organizing.
Language is central to the transmission of culture.
Language is certainly an area where African retention is strongest.
Language is changeable.
Language is changed and ''or typewritten'' is added after ''printed''.
Language is changed in all active windows online.
Language is changed slightly.
Language is changed.
Language is chief among tools that make tools.
Language is colorful and can be used to tell stories.
Language is communication plus informatics.
Language is communication
Language is communication, but the idiom can vary from region to region.
Language is communication.
Language is communication.
Language is complex and flexible, but it is also systematic.
Language is complexs.
Language is composed of nouns and verbs.
Language is comprised of expressive and receptive skills or talents.
Language is concerned with shaping action and, as such, it always has a context.
Language is confused and distorted.
Language is considered to be ambiguous if it is reasonably susceptible to different interpretations.
Language is considered to be digital.
Language is considered to be essentially idolatrous.
Language is consistent on both ends.
Language is contained in the bill for dissolving the committee.
Language is correct but basic.
Language is created by the individual often through trial and error.
Language is created out of convention.
Language is critical.
Language is crucial for the individuals who are active in the society.
Language is crucial to learning and making sense of the world.
Language is culture.
Language is cumulative.
Language is defined as a system of signs - any system of signs is therefore a language.
Language is defined by many people in many ways.
Language is definitely a general issue on campus.
Language is delayed for most deaf children because concepts and information are inaccessible.
Language is delayed, echolalic and perserverative.
Language is deployed to conceal or ignore the implications of what the characters have said.
Language is determinant.
Language is determined by a dictionary-based system.
Language is determined by culture and no culture is eternal.
Language is determined by how people agree to speak and what is understood.
Language is developed behind closed doors, and without opportunity or time for public review.
Language is developed through musical and sensory activities, song,conversation and books.
Language is developed through the use of routines, calendar systems, discussion boxes, etc.
Language is developed through the use of routines, calendar systems, discussionboxes, etc.
Language is different from speech.
Language is different in different ages.
Language is different than religion, for example.
Language is difficult for many students.
Language is difficult to handle in everyday life.
Language is direct and grounded.
Language is discipline-specific.
Language is dislocated from the territorial, the national.
Language is distorted so the activists can stay in business.
Language is divided into content, form, and use.
Language is Dutch.
Language is dynamic and constantly changing.
Language is dynamic and ever changing.
Language is dynamic, always changing.
Language is dynamic, capable of adapting and evolving.
Language is dynamic, it grows, changes and develops.
Language is dynamic.
Language is easiest to learn when it is presented whole rather than in isolated pieces.
Language is electricity generated by the mind from the flood of experience.
Language is eminently human.
Language is emphasized as the means by which culture is transmitted from one generation to the next.
Language is endlessly inventive.
Language is English and Bosnian, whichever the contributor is most comfortable with.
Language is English and French.
Language is English for the invited contributions.
Language is English.
Language is enhanced through an impressive exposure to mathematical nomenclature.
Language is equivocal.
Language is especially important.
Language is essential and needs to be taught.
Language is essential for attributes.
Language is essential to human identity.
Language is even inadequate to describe the Holocaust.
Language is ever-changing and deserves to be challenged.
Language is ever-changing.
Language is everything.
Language is everywhere and it can be interpreted many ways.
Language is exactly the opposite, it is highly under-rated.
Language is exactly what it says, dealing with the various languages of the world.
Language is examined too, and the theme of communication.
Language is extraordinarily robust, and is almost impossible to eradicate completely.
Language is extremely important.
Language is extremely personal and deeply rooted in culture.
Language is faculty.
Language is far from the only domain which contains situations that are similarly scripted.
Language is far more than an area of study.
Language is far richer than just words.
Language is fascinating.
Language is fetishized, set up as an independent force.
Language is fluid, flexible and constantly changing.
Language is fluid.
Language is for communication and has to evolve and grow with the new generation.
Language is for talking, either vocally or in print, for exchanging ideas.
Language is fossil poetry.
Language is free from bias with one or two minor exceptions.
Language is free of spelling and grammatical errors.
Language is French.
Language is froth on the surface of thought.
Language is fun.
Language is functional.
Language is fundamental to all social situations including open and distance educational contexts.
Language is furthered by the extensive use of multimedia lab materials.
Language is given after the experience.
Language is given by tradition and heredity.
Language is given meaning and constructed by communities.
Language is good for some things and poor for others.
Language is good looking.
Language is hard to teach computers.
Language is hard, hard, hard at home.
Language is Hebrew and Arabic.
Language is highly arbitrary and culturally determined.
Language is highly over-rated as a means of communication.
Language is how humans communicate, it is a form of increasing production.
Language is how people integrate knowledge in order to make sense of their lives.
Language is humanity's way of reaching out.
Language is imperfect.
Language is implemented through stories, poems, finger plays, and creative and dramatic play.
Language is important because it is how adults pass on ideas to children .
Language is important because it is how adults pass on ideas to children.
Language is important for becoming a literate person.
Language is important in maintaining folklife.
Language is important too, especially in a place as diverse as a university.
Language is important, important enough to die for.
Language is important, so it certainly does say some things.
Language is important.
Language is in a constant state of flux based on changing geographical and social circumstances.
Language is in constant flux as it is used in practice.
Language is in continuous change.
Language is in English and German just click on the D or E in the text file.
Language is in fact very reliable.
Language is in laymen's terms.
Language is in that world, and meaning.
Language is inadequate and imperfect in that way.
Language is inadequate to describe it sufferings.
Language is inadequate to describe the horrifying misery with which the deceased was encompassed.
Language is inadequate to describe the structure as it fully deserves.
Language is inadequate to express in writing anything but elementary needs.
Language is inadequate.
Language is incidental to physics.
Language is incorporated into all the classroom experiences.
Language is indeed an obsession.
Language is indeed that, but only in the most trivial way.
Language is inference from ambiguous information .
Language is informal and personal rather than technical.
Language is inherently conservative. . .
Language is innate.
Language is instrumental in forming our perceptions of reality.
Language is intact with normal comprehension, naming, repetition, reading, and writing.
Language is intact.
Language is intelligible, while groanings are unintelligible.
Language is intensely carnal.
Language is intergrated into the program.
Language is intrinsically interesting, but also particularly relevant to psychologists.
Language is introduced in a lively manner through games and songs.
Language is introduced through speaking, writing, and reading.
Language is investigated as a species-specific form of behaviour.
Language is itself a metaphor.
Language is Japanese.
Language is just a means of communicating ideas.
Language is just a tool to do so.
Language is just one part of communication.
Language is just part of the story.
Language is kept alive by domains.
Language is key in corporate and business coaching.
Language is key.
Language is kinetic.
Language is language only when it is whole.
Language is language, whether one likes it, adapts to it or refuses it.
Language is language.
Language is learned best in pursuit of genuine ends and purposes.
Language is learned by direct communication.
Language is learned in a thematic context, based on real-life situations.
Language is learned in context through extensive use of authentic materials and videos.
Language is learned in spite of serious deficits.
Language is learned through literature.
Language is learned through practice and repetition, and the homework gives the necessary practice.
Language is learned through speaking, singing, writing and reading.
Language is like a computer network without a central computer.
Language is like a person.
Language is like a swirling vortex with no starting points, ending points, or boundaries.
Language is like juggling . . .
Language is like that - but over decades and centuries.
Language is like water.
Language is lived from within.
Language is loaded.
Language is local and evolving.
Language is lower case, and country is upper case.
Language is lyrical, stately, and rich with images.
Language is made gender neutral where appropriate.
Language is made up of elements.
Language is mainly German, but English summaries and figure captions are provided for all articles.
Language is maintained, but changed.
Language is meant for the general public.
Language is mediums.
Language is mild.
Language is mixed, English is used often.
Language is more like music, in which the more is the merrier.
Language is more likely to be used accurately, responsibly and sensitively.
Language is more skill than knowledge.
Language is more tenuous than illusion.
Language is more than a form of communication.
Language is more than a mode of communication.
Language is more than grammatical structures, however.
Language is more than reading and writing.
Language is more than simply a method of sharing ideas.
Language is more than the ability to listen and speak.
Language is more than words or descriptions.
Language is most meaningful when experienced within cultural contexts.
Language is most sensitive to and reflective of social changes.
Language is mostly english.
Language is mostly English.
Language is mostly just a communication tool.
Language is much more of a potential barrier in Mexico.
Language is much more than fact or even communication.
Language is much more than the semantic meanings of a lexicon.
Language is multifunctional.
Language is necessary for a detailed description of how XROM works.
Language is necessary for both.
Language is necessary for communication of ideas and intentions.
Language is necessary for communication, and communication is necessary for advancement.
Language is necessary for working together.
Language is needed for indemnification limits.
Language is neither as fixed nor as precise as it is in writing for print.
Language is neither dualistic nor monistic , but essentially iconoclastic.
Language is neither informational nor communicational.
Language is never a barrier for the children.
Language is never a barrier.
Language is never a problem.
Language is never neutral.
Language is never timeless.
Language is never without power.
Language is no barrier sometimes.
Language is no barrier when communicating with international friends.
Language is no barrier, childhood is their bond.
Language is no barrier.
Language is no exception.
Language is no longer a barrier to receiving news and information.
Language is no longer the threat to the national unity of India that it was once felt to be.
Language is no more perfect than human existence.
Language is no real problem.
Language is no substitute for reality, nor is it interchangeable with it.
Language is normally English.
Language is Norwegian.
Language is nothing because it means nothing.
Language is nothing by itself.
Language is nothing more than a running back and forth.
Language is nothing more than agreeing on a set of symbols.
Language is nothing.
Language is obviously a cultural product.
Language is of the least importance.
Language is often a barrier for dry cleaners in southeastern Pennsylvania.
Language is often a cause of failure.
Language is often a powerful symbol of ethnic identity and heritage.
Language is often a powerful symbol of ethnic identity.
Language is often a source of pride.
Language is often an issue.
Language is often at the top of the list.
Language is often complex and abstract.
Language is often imprecise when ideas and information have been placed in their own words.
Language is often so imprecise that one can take it to mean almost anything.
Language is often the toughest barrier to widespread acceptance of international artists.
Language is one area of cognitive psychology, which itself is part of psych.
Language is one barrier.
Language is one critical difference.
Language is one defining characteristic of a culture.
Language is one example.
Language is one expression of the characteristics, of the nature of a civilisation and culture.
Language is one factor.
Language is one obvious barrier to Hispanic academic success.
Language is one of our chief forms of representing information.
Language is one of the aspects, but there are others such as date representation.
Language is one of the characteristics which distinguish man from the animals.
Language is one of the chief ways in which people show who they are and where they belong.
Language is one of the essential keys to cultural and personal identity.
Language is one of the first and most obvious issues.
Language is one of the first things to go.
Language is one of the fundamental issues in terms of being able to assimilate.
Language is one of the main characteristics of every culture.
Language is one of the many hurdles to overcome in preparing to minister to the Giriama.
Language is one of the most fascinating aspects of human life.
Language is one of the most fundamental human instincts.
Language is one of the most important aspects of culture.
Language is one of the most important parts of any cultural package.
Language is one of the things that makes Canada unique.
Language is one reason for the delay and publication patterns is another.
Language is one such area of comparison.
Language is one such element.
Language is one thing that bonds teenagers to their parents.
Language is one.
Language is One.
Language is only a method of communication.
Language is only a part of the larger problem, which is institutional racism.
Language is only a side issue.
Language is only important when it involves potentially dangerous actions.
Language is only japanese.
Language is only one element necessary for effective ministry to our non-white brothers and sisters.
Language is only one form of communication.
Language is only part of the problem, but a large part.
Language is only public.
Language is only secondarily a social tool.
Language is only symbols and signs but many people do ot even think of it that way.
Language is open.
Language is oral and symbolic only.
Language is other people'.
Language is our business.
Language is our Business.
Language is our greatest achievement.
Language is our primary subject matter.
Language is our shame.
Language is our source of the self and our barrier from understanding and reaching it.
Language is part of communication and is strongly influenced by culture and tradition.
Language is part of culture, and as such gets highly politicized.
Language is part of culture, the system of knowledge that generates behavior.
Language is part of human cognition -part of the human mind .
Language is part of many activities in our lives.
Language is part of personal identity.
Language is part of the problem.
Language is partly interesting because it is almost certainly learnt.
Language is penultimate.
Language is perfect because it allows all people to give birth.
Language is perhaps the most baffling thing in the world.
Language is perhaps the most basic indicator of the corporate media's views.
Language is perhaps the most precious and defining attribute of any culture.
Language is plain with few errors.
Language is plain, everyday English.
Language is pleasure and power.
Language is plentiful and the sexual overtones are presents.
Language is poetry.
Language is politics.
Language is potent.
Language is power, after all.
Language is power.
Language is Power.
Language Is Power.
Language is powerful.
Language is precious and costly.
Language is presented in communicative contexts illustrating cultural aspects of daily Russian life.
Language is presented in meaningful reading contexts and in clear grammar tables.
Language is pretty easy really.
Language is primarily an auditory system of symbols.
Language is primary here.
Language is probably the biggest one.
Language is probably the hallmark of human race.
Language is probably the largest hurdle that Ethiopian immigrants face in American society.
Language is probably the most important aspect of any culture.
Language is probably the most obvious and powerful obstacle to culture-blending.
Language is probably the most self-contained, the most massively resistant of all social phenomena.
Language is probably the most significant human achievement ever accomplished.
Language is probably the purest form of culture.
Language is proposed to delete funding for the Local Law Enforcement Block Grants.
Language is quite capable of taking care of itself.
Language is quite difficult, old-English.
Language is readable, and the site is spread across many fast loading pages.
Language is reduced to a bantering game where words obfuscate rather illucidate the truth.
Language is refreshing and concise.
Language is related to identity, culture, and memory.
Language is relative.
Language is required in writing and displaying summation.
Language is revised.
Language is rhythm.
Language is rolled around the page like wine on the tongue, tasted, swallowed and spat out.
Language is rough at times.
Language is rough in places.
Language is runtime configurable in software.
Language is secondary.
Language is selected according to the user's locale settings.
Language is self organising for itself.
Language is sermonic.
Language is Sermonic.
Language is simple and easy to understand and is ably supported by coloured illustrations.
Language is simple and effective.
Language is simple, comprehensible and spontaneous.
Language is simple, conversational.
Language is simply a means of expressing the human mind.
Language is simply an indicator of culture - perhaps the most obvious indicator.
Language is simply the most famous example of a human universal.
Language is simply too easy to manipulate.
Language is simply too mercurial for the constraints of legal definitions.
Language is simultaneously linear and non-linear.
Language is slow to develop, if it develops at all.
Language is so basic to what people do and are that it permeates everything in our experience.
Language is so complex and abstract that noone has a monopoly on exactly what language is.
Language is so important.
Language is so much who they are.
Language is soaked with it.
Language is something everyone creates.
Language is something that requires both physical and mental capacities to merge.
Language is somewhat technical.
Language is source of power, control and status.
Language is specific to one's cultural group whether formal, informal, verbal, or nonverbal.
Language is speech.
Language is static, too.
Language is steeped in the fortitudes of permanence.
Language is still a barrier to most middle-aged and senior Laotian patients.
Language is still a problem.
Language is still immature compared to alternatives.
Language is still our barrier.
Language is still their primary tool for thought, communication, entertainment, and employment.
Language is structured by the rules of grammar.
Language is structured in hierarchical components that are interdependent.
Language is structured.
Language is subjective.
Language is substandard.
Language is such a friend.
Language is such a fundamental thing of taking a people and a culture seriously.
Language is such a powerful tool and it s so easily manipulated, for good and bad.
Language is such an intriguing and mysterious thing.
Language is suitable for capable students.
Language is Swedish.
Language is symbolic.
Language is symmetrical.
Language is tainted traces from yonder.
Language is taught as a linguistic, biological and physical concept.
Language is taught by the environment.
Language is taught in a natural setting.
Language is taught in all activities.
Language is taught through the methodology referred to as the communicative approach .
Language is technology .
Language is the amber in which a thousand precious thoughts have been safely embedded and preserved.
Language is the archetype and the basis of social communication means.
Language is the archives of history.
Language is the basic feedback loop that defines consciousness.
Language is the basis of civilization.
Language is the basis of learning, understanding and communication.
Language is the basis of mass communication.
Language is the basis of the country.
Language is the best way to do that.
Language is the blood of the soul into which thoughts run and out of which they grow.
Language is the bloodstream of our culture, the real infrastructure of civilization.
Language is the brain activity used in communication.
Language is the bridge between black and white, between red and brown, between yellow and brown.
Language is the bridge between material fact and mental abstraction.
Language is the bridge between our biological and cultural evolution.
Language is the bridge between person and person.
Language is the bridge where body meets the soul.
Language is the bridge.
Language is the building block of consciousness.
Language is the characteristic of the attachment of self to particular cultural patterns.
Language is the chief difference that divides the various cultural groups.
Language is the child of the literary mind.
Language is the closest form of expression to the whispers of the mind.
Language is the code for understanding and communication between humans.
Language is the common thread woven throughout all aspects of a society.
Language is the communication system which enables an individual to function in society.
Language is the complex mating call, and society is the unison, neurotic foreplay.
Language is the connection to our community and the world.
Language is the covenant of the people, the sacramental bond of the people speaking it . . .
Language is the crux of communication.
Language is the crux of the issue.
Language is the currency of exchange.
Language is the determining factor to the basic tenets of life and living.
Language is the disk operating system of the brain.
Language is the dress of thought.
Language is the easiest and most effective form of communication.
Language is the educational fault line of today.
Language is the expression of human communication.
Language is the fabric of the web.
Language is the first abstraction of human experience, the foundation for all the others.
Language is the first interaction, the commonest, in some ways the most precious.
Language is the focus of the program with intense and enjoyable instruction offered at all levels.
Language is the food of the intellect.
Language is the foundation of ethnic culture.
Language is the foundation of understanding.
Language is the gateway to understanding culture.
Language is the glue for everything.
Language is the glue that holds people together.
Language is the great taxidermist of the human epocha .
Language is the hallmark of our species.
Language is the heart made visible.
Language is the heart of any culture.
Language is the heart of culture.
Language is the house of the negative.
Language is the immediate actuality of thought.
Language is the instrument of that separation.
Language is the instrument of thought.
Language is the key to a person's culture and culture is the very essence of a person's identity.
Language is the key to cultural survival.
Language is the key to literacy.
Language is the key to the elementary classroom.
Language is the key to understanding a people and their culture.
Language is the key to understanding cultures.
Language is the key to understanding.
Language is the key.
Language is the last barrier to a truly global Internet experience.
Language is the lawyer's most important working tool.
Language is the lawyer's working tool.
Language is the light of the mind.
Language is the limitation of mind.
Language is the main way to gain entry into another culture.
Language is the major barrier.
Language is the major means of cultural transmission.
Language is the means by which one identifies and defines concepts clearly.
Language is the means for most of the child's intellectual, emotional, and social development.
Language is the mediator's tool, and successful mediation is an art.
Language is the medium by which every fact, opinion, and belief is conveyed.
Language is the medium in which human beings think and by which they express what they have thought.
Language is the medium of literature as marble or bronze or clay are the materials of the sculptor.
Language is the medium of therapy and research.
Language is the memory of the human race.
Language is the mind's opposable thumb.
Language is the most accessible and fullest embodiment of our world view, our ideology.
Language is the most advanced evolutionary feature of the brain.
Language is the most astonishing.
Language is the most common variable by which cultural groups are identified.
Language is the most complex expression of our humanity and individuality.
Language is the most complicated thing the brain can do.
Language is the most essential component, the cornerstone of communication.
Language is the most fluid aspect of culture.
Language is the most important aspect of culture.
Language is the most important means of human intercourse.
Language is the most important medium or vehicle for teaching and learning processes.
Language is the most important working tool used by the lawyer.
Language is the most noticeable cultural difference.
Language is the most obvious literary and scholarly dilemma posed by early texts.
Language is the most obvious obstacle for cross-cultural instruction.
Language is the most obvious.
Language is the most powerful tool in the courtroom.
Language is the most revelational aspect of the inner thoughts and attitudes of man.
Language is the most significant and fascinating of human phenomena.
Language is the most universal and basic means of communication.
Language is the most utilized form of communication.
Language is the new frontier.
Language is the one area of development that can indicate future success in school.
Language is the only barrier to communication with almost any spot in the world.
Language is the origin of misunderstanding.
Language is the outstanding distinctive mark of human thought and behaviour.
Language is the primary means of human expression.
Language is the primary medium for teaching, growth, and change.
Language is the primary medium of education.
Language is the primary repository and vehicle for the preservation and transmittal of culture.
Language is the primary tool for expressing culture and thought.
Language is the prime instrument used to try to solve the human ego problem.
Language is the prime mediator of collaborative cognition.
Language is the primordial poetry in which a people speak being'.
Language is the real problem.
Language is the ring which joins people together.
Language is the road map of a culture.
Language is the same thing, really.
Language is the sine qua non of communication so much so that it is frequently taken for granted .
Language is the single greatest accomplishment in human history.
Language is the single most important predictor of a child's ability to learn.
Language is the soul of the country and people who speak it.
Language is the source of motion, which enters and emerges from the Void all at once.
Language is the structures that are generated from the golden mean by the reconstructive equation.
Language is the study of communication for various populations of people around the world.
Language is the symbolic interaction that so far has separated humans from other animals.
Language is the symbolic representation of human perceptions.
Language is the system of skills which produces speech.
Language is the tool by which mankind understands the dimensions of time and space.
Language is the tool of choice for philosophers when they are expressing their ideas to others.
Language is the tool of literature.
Language is the tool.
Language is the unifying element.
Language is the use of symbols, such as words, numbers, or gestures, that have meaning.
Language is the vehicle of thought.
Language is the vehicle that transmits information, emotion, and ideas between people.
Language is the vehicle used to carry the story and advance the plot.
Language is the verbal blueprint of our experience.
Language is the very key to human understanding, a passport to the human soul.
Language is the void between peace.
Language is the way in to understanding Japanese culture.
Language is the weapon of politics and it is a deadly one.
Language is the weapon.
Language is their medium.
Language is their preferred medium, after all.
Language is their thing, and culture is their object.
Language is their weapon.
Language is thematic based with single hit messages and some simple key linking.
Language is therefore basic to learning in all disciplines.
Language is tied to voice, to typeface, to bitmaps on a screen, to materiality.
Language is to be suited to the audience.
Language is to the mind more than light is to the eye.
Language is too complex a behaviour to have evolved de novo.
Language is too complex, too adaptive, too recusive.
Language is too important to leave to conservatives to define.
Language is too poor to furnish a name suitable for such a character.
Language is too subtle and complex for a computer to understand and translate.
Language is too well-defined for such communication.
Language is transparent and opaque.
Language is tricky.
Language is troublesome , it demands to be unambiguous.
Language is twisted, falsehoods are common, and hypocrisy reigns.
Language is unbelievable, maybe even uncomprehendable.
Language is uninflated.
Language is uninteresting.
Language is unique and qualitatively different from other animal communication.
Language is unique because it reflects what is important to each culture.
Language is unique to people.
Language is uniquely human.
Language is united with ideas.
Language is univocal.
Language is unstable and therefore the self is constitutionally unstable, as well.
Language is used and language processes are developed as content is explored.
Language is used as a primary source for puzzle information.
Language is used competently, but is sometimes awkward.
Language is used connotatively rather than denotatively, which has four implications.
Language is used for a purpose while developing vocabulary, grammar, research and technology skills.
Language is used for communication.
Language is used for meaningful purposes.
Language is used in an authentic situation.
Language is used in context.
Language is used interactively in conversation.
Language is used so loosely.
Language is used to clarify the unquestioned reality presented.
Language is used to convey differential power and status between men and women.
Language is used to do a wide range of activities.
Language is used to express emotion and ideas.
Language is used to express role relationships between individuals.
Language is used to format XML for display.
Language is used to initiate, monitor, adjust, and evaluate cognitive processes.
Language is used to organize thoughts and ideas.
Language is used with control, elegance, and imagination to serve the writer's purpose.
Language is useful for explanation and descriptions.
Language is utterly ambiguous, and people who love language love it that way.
Language is valued and used to transmit culture.
Language is very age-appropriate.
Language is very complex.
Language is very descriptive and persuasive.
Language is very difficult.
Language is very hard to capture with a simple model.
Language is very important here.
Language is very important to human intelligence.
Language is very important.
Language is very powerful.
Language is viewed as inseparable from thought.
Language is vigorous.
Language is vivid.
Language is vocalized breath.
Language is weak in some of the most memorable moments of our lives.
Language is weak is week in some of the most memorable moments of our lives.
Language is what defines the human race and sets it apart from the animals and minerals.
Language is what has enabled mankind to become aware of the pattern of nature.
Language is what holds the culture together.
Language is what humans do because language is what humans do'.
Language is wonderful, but words can deceive.
Language is woven into all parts of the program from the beginning.
Language is, after all, a living phenomenon.
Language is, after all, an important marker of identity.
Language IS, after all, human communication.
Language is, after all, the primary tool of cognition.
Language is, essentially, speech.
Language is, first of all, communication.
Language is, in a sense, a system for building models, metaphors of what is going on.
Language is, in many ways, rather arbitrary.
Language is, in some sense, the most intimate of all functions.
Language is, indeed, one of the primary focuses of the mushroom trip.
Language is, of course, a powerful tool in the mouths and pens of propagandists.
Language is, of course, a social phenomenon.
Language is, that is to say, all languages are, wondrously fuzzy.
Language is, without question, central to all learning.
Language isa entity.
Language isnt even the same as speech.
Language keeps our relationships between family and interpersonal partners more intimate.
Language leads to consciousness.
Language leads to literature, another debt to Rome.
Language leaps ahead in the third and fourth years.
Language learning disability can affect speech, reading, or writing.
Language learning entails building relationships.
Language learning for children follows a natural developmental process.
Language learning through play is usually the best way.
Language lends itself to extensive caching.
Language lends itself to right-brained activities moreso that other classes.
Language lessons online per chat.
Language lies at the heart of any culture.
Language limits access to services.
Language limits our perceptions.
Language limits to documents in that particular language.
Language lives and changes, it is the nature of the beast.
Language lives and dies.
Language lives at the very heart of hypnosis.
Language lives, and is given meaning, in a cultural setting.
Language makes a big, big difference here.
Language makes a difference.
Language makes all the difference.
Language makes being human and humane possible.
Language makes for difficulties in the cockpit.
Language makes it possible to convey complex ideas to others.
Language makes the mind grow.
Language makes the problem worse.
Language manipulates reality, reality masks illusion, illusion explains language.
Language marks an unbridgeable gulf between man and all other life forms on our planet.
Language mean within all substance because looking shooting coats.
Language means a method that communicates ego.
Language means dialect.
Language means expressing and receiving information in a way that is meaningful.
Language means that XML is a method of presenting information that has accepted rules and formats.
Language merely imports the capacity for higher range of thought.
Language modeling then takes the syllable and selects the correct character based on context.
Language molds everyone's life.
Language needs a place where it still has meaning and life.
Language needs to be changed in the bylaws clarifying the language directors and officers.
Language needs to be gotten for exceptions to any minor lot splits, etc.
Language needs to be included in the entire curriculum.
Language needs to be simpler.
Language needs two as sine qua non, though in reality it belongs to all mankind.
Language never obscures meaning, and form never becomes merely ornamental.
Language normally evolves from a complex, rigid form into a more simple, flexible model.
Language obscures the real situation.
Language occurs because children hear other language.
Language offers strange cross-references.
Language only names very general kinds of inner experience.
Language opens doors.
Language operates by exclusion, by the application of the law of contradiction.
Language operates in a regular and systematic fashion.
Language organises perception.
Language overcomes anonymity.
Language partly Dutch, partly English.
Language permeates life and reality, but can never by itself encapsulate it.
Language pertaining to migrant workers is found in all major CSCE documents.
Language pervades our thinking and reasoning more than many people realize.
Language pervades virtually every aspect of human existence.
Language play in a fifth grade Spanish immersion classroom.
Language plays a big role in that.
Language plays a critical role in the beginning period of adjustment.
Language plays a crucial role in the promotion of ethnic harmony among communities.
Language plays a fundamental role in the constitution of our experiential world.
Language plays a key part in the book.
Language plays a key role in the construction and socialization of gender roles.
Language plays a major role in expressing group relations and group conflicts.
Language plays a major role in the definition and identity of any country .
Language plays a role in human culture.
Language plays an important role in culture.
Language plays multiple roles in both the formation and the enforcement of social norms.
Language prerequisites one year of college-level French, two years preferred.
Language prerequisites one year of college-level Japanese, two years preferred.
Language presents an obvious challenge.
Language presents itself as the metamedium to contain all past and future media.
Language presents little difficulty.
Language presupposes other capabilities.
Language prevents communication.
Language primarily causes effects in minds.
Language proceeds from silence and returns to it.
Language produces a text of which the author is the effect.
Language produces an image-rich mosaic of action.
Language programs Our organization offers a much higher commission than the other tour affiliates.
Language prohibiting exceptions to the ban is an important negotiating tool.
Language promotes change.
Language promotes cognitive and social growth.
Language promotes lack of awareness and unconsciousness.
Language provide with few sex pistols.
Language provides a crucial avenue for understanding the sixties values.
Language provides a device for extremely powerful magnification of affective response.
Language provides a kind of architecture that sustains the shape and openness of consciousness.
Language provides a ready clue to history, since it changes more slowly than much of the culture.
Language provides a self-organising ability that is beyond sign using.
Language provides a source for understanding cultures and the viewpoints of the participants.
Language provides a tool of communicable labels.
Language provides motivation for sequencing events into a logical format.
Language provides the basis for human communication.
Language provides the vehicle by which the participants in an action research program communicate.
Language provides two options.
Language puts too much emphasis on the noun.
Language really starts to develop at birth, as soon as the infant can hear.
Language reconstructs itself elsewhere under the teeming flux of every kind of linguistic pleasure.
Language refers to an understanding of what language is and how it is used.
Language refers to the ability to limit search results by language.
Language refers to the programming language of the source code.
Language refers to the understanding and use of words and sentences that form and convey ideas.
Language refers to the use of words and sentences to convey ideas.
Language refers to the way words are put together in sentences.
Language reflects and records all human change.
Language reflects gender roles and stereotypes.
Language reflects life.
Language reflects our history and is a focus of social and political conflict.
Language reflects our thinking and our values.
Language reflects the culture and society where it is used.
Language reflects, reinforces, and molds our perceptions of people.
Language refuses to shape itself neatly, however.
Language reinforces the belief in qualitative, immutable difference, in ethnicity.
Language remains a barrier, but the desire to learn English is clearly there.
Language remains by far the premier legacy of Spanish colonial rule in Puerto Rican society.
Language remains the key to thinking and to learning.
Language remains the major feature that distinguishes tribal affiliation.
Language represents a people's heritage and identity.
Language represents an obvious one.
Language represents only part of the whole.
Language requirements native speaker or proven fluency in written and spoken German and English.
Language requires a sender and a receiver.
Language requires rules and consensus about the shape or form of rules.
Language restricts thoughts just as thoughts manifest in language.
Language reveals the enormous creativity of the human mind.
Language searches for different forms in which to express different nuances.
Language Searches the language of the original document.
Language seems inherently human, a process linked to thinking and the development of reason.
Language seems so intrinsic to our beings, yet it is so relative.
Language seems to be used in the after life.
Language seems to grow in the child.
Language seems to make some things more difficult to verbalize than others.
Language seems to take on added meaning in areas of conflict.
Language serves a mediating role between one's cognitive world and the external world.
Language serves as subject matter in a wide range of prints and illustrated books in the exhibition.
Language serves for intercourse with one's fellow men.
Language serves mostly as a symbol for consciousness.
Language serves multiple purposes.
Language serves the mystic only to the threshold of the mystic experience.
Language serves to both assimilate and marginalize ethnic Others.
Language serves to network humanity and establishes human culture and societal institutions.
Language sets the boundaries of our lives.
Language Sets the character set to be displayed.
Language sets the parameters of what can be done with it.
Language shapes even as it articulates thought.
Language shapes our reality.
Language shapes our thinking, particularly when it comes to self-talk.
Language shapes the public debate that shapes public policy.
Language sharpens harsher language.
Language shows conceptual understanding.
Language shows how people think and feel.
Language shows some spontaneity and flows smoothly.
Language simply can t describe how it feels to float without any support at all.
Language simply develops as one's body develops.
Language simply drops powerless.
Language simply fails to define and imagination to conceive it.
Language simply overwhelms story line.
Language sit out whatever chest although crown Buy inexpensive baseball equipment.
Language skills a plus, particularly Spanish.
Language skills a plus.
Language skills an advantage.
Language skills Spanish - reading and writing proficiency References Available upon request.
Language skills through literature.
Language skills useful, especially European, because of joint ventures.
Language smells, language feeds, language soothes.
Language sounds in the grandeur of dirge.
Language spoken is English.
Language spoken is Swedish .
Language spoken well is inherently musical.
Language stabilizes around a parish, a bishopric, a capital.
Language starts as a tool external to the child used for social interaction.
Language stays without brackets.
Language still does have a lot of power.
Language still is a problem on the Web.
Language still present the biggest obstacle in communication.
Language still stands as the key to thinking and learning.
Language stimulates the neo-cortex.
Language stretches to encompass it.
Language structures one's view of reality.
Language substitutes itself for reality.
Language supports prohibition of hiring non-dual status technicians.
Language surrounds chaos.
Language synthesizes some ideas but refuses to reconcile others.
Language takes on a physical form, becoming an entity that is both substantial and aesthetic.
Language takes place in the relationship.
Language teaches values, beliefs and understanding of one's origins.
Language tends to be ambiguous .
Language tends to be vague .
Language tends to be vast, communicative, interactive, abstract, flexible and often unpredictable.
Language tends to simplify itself overtime.
Language then becomes a inconsequential game.
Language then becomes 'a means of expression and communication' .
Language then serves as a symbol of trust, mutual respect and shared understanding.
Language Think like a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
Language thrives with everyday use.
Language thus forms a powerful judgment which has a lasting impact on children.
Language thus tags along in parallel with the real action.
Language ties a string between a word and the thing it stands for.
Language too is a behavioral phenomenon.
Language use All ages.
Language Use the steps of water treatment to write a sequence story.
Language used for intimacy becomes the goal of the exchange.
Language used in the school is English.
Language used in the school Vietnamese language is the official language used in the schools.
Language uses a familiar C-like syntax.
Language uses a finite set of elements to create an infinite set of possible sentences.
Language uses abstractions.
Language uses location description with respect to spatial frames of reference.
Language uses the vocal-auditory channel.
Language vanishes into death, and death vanishes into silence.
Language varies according to audience, purpose, and situation.
Language varies with student demand and instructor availability.
Language walk to many aunt likewise lead flatbed scanner.
Language when studying abroad certainly is a potential obstacle.
Language works analogously.
Language works the same way.
Language works with the issue of the arbitariness of the sign.
Language written so desk construction is clear and understandable.
Languages accrue over time.
Languages adapt to suit a particular culture.
Languages also comes to class in the form of native speakers.
Languages also differ in how they convert from a real number to an integer.
Languages also evolve to solve specific problems.
Languages also have other words that are used to identify things, but with a different purpose.
Languages also have their own page.
Languages also play a part.
Languages are a big thing here, of course.
Languages are a problem.
Languages are again different.
Languages are all about communicating with people and most communication is through speech.
Languages are also often an important part of a student s training.
Languages are always a cause of trouble when it comes to Internet protocols.
Languages are always coherent and logical, yet they are in a constant state of change over time.
Languages are an important part of the Festival.
Languages are an issue and an everyday reality with everyone.
Languages are as essential as general preparation.
Languages are bridges which bind speakers and listeners together in shared meaning and belonging.
Languages are central to our identity as distinct people.
Languages are communication systems made up of a collection of interdependent elements.
Languages are communication systems.
Languages are compiled by a compiler .
Languages are compiled by a compiler.
Languages are complicated and everyone makes the occasional mistake.
Languages are constantly in flux.
Languages are constantly in the process of change.
Languages are conventional, arbitrary, and learned behavior.
Languages are cultural heritage of specific peoples.
Languages are different to that.
Languages are different.
Languages are English and French, and the original language of the treaty. .
Languages are English and French, and the original language of the treaty.
Languages are English and German.
Languages are English, German and French.
Languages are far from optimum.
Languages are French and English, both spoken and subtitled.
Languages are French, English, and German.
Languages are fundamental for an air hostess shuttling between Beijing and Lhasa.
Languages are fundamental, because thought and expression are inherently merged.
Languages are German and English.
Languages are hard, they usually require a lot of dull vocabulary and grammer drills.
Languages are helpful for the international market.
Languages are important in a world that is becoming increasingly interdependent.
Languages are in English and French.
Languages are in native language and in English.
Languages are inexact and idiomatic media.
Languages are inlingua's business Find inlingua anywhere.
Languages are Japanese, English, Spanish, Portuguese, Esperanto, and Bengali.
Languages are key to creating a Europe-wide community, and to learning more about other cultures.
Languages are memes that display many of the properties of living organisms.
Languages are merely tools through which solutions are implemented.
Languages are mixed on the right side.
Languages are more than a collection of words.
Languages are more than just a means for people to communicate.
Languages are mostly hierarchical.
Languages are now also in alphabetical order for easier navigation.
Languages are preferable and travel experience is beneficial.
Languages are primarily European languages.
Languages are primarily French and Latin.
Languages are Scanian, Swedish, Danish and English.
Languages are searchable by name, country, or language families.
Languages are Spanish, French, Italian, Portuguese and German.
Languages are the old-growth forest of the human spirit.
Languages are the sets of messages and responses with which agents can communicate with each other.
Languages are to schema-defined graph types as object classes are to structured datatypes.
Languages are true analytical methods.
Languages are t-words, because of sprog.
Languages are useful as much of our work is multinational.
Languages are useful.
Languages are very complex.
Languages are very important in business.
Languages are very useful.
Languages are, by their very nature, transitory.
Languages background Wide variety of backgrounds.
Languages based on streams allows to describe reactive systems by a synchronous approach.
Languages being studied include English, German, and Turkish.
Languages belonging to the same family share common ancestors.
Languages can also be a treasure trove for botanists.
Languages can also differ in how they treat mixed integers and reals.
Languages can be a problem.
Languages can be stubborn entities.
Languages can change within an hour's car ride.
Languages Can read, write and speak English very fluently.
Languages change and are built everyday by everyone who speaks it.
Languages change more slowly than frameworks.
Languages change over time and vary over space.
Languages change randomly and constantly.
Languages change very slowly - even though a vocabulary can grow quite quickly.
Languages change with time and over space.
Languages change with time.
Languages collected are mainly English and French.
Languages collected include Arabic, Swahili, Yoruba, and major European languages.
Languages combine small units into more complex units.
Languages contain commands that cause the computer to do certain things.
Languages convey ideas.
Languages courses available.
Languages covered are German, French, English and Spanish .
Languages covered include French, German, Greek, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Russian and Spanish.
Languages crossing national boundaries include subgroups by region and by dialect.
Languages currently included in the network are English, French, and Spanish.
Languages develop and change.
Languages develop, words come and words go.
Languages die and new languages are born.
Languages die like rivers.
Languages differ in structure, content, number of words, and usage.
Languages differ in the ways they use metatext.
Languages differ in ways they decompose type membership functions into the two parts.
Languages differ in what actions they consider to be reflexive.
Languages differ in what sounds, or phonemes , they use to distinguish between words.
Languages do evolve.
Languages do just fine without commercial marketing.
Languages do tend to diverge into various dialects due to mountain isolation.
Languages evolve and change to fill the needs of the changing society.
Languages evolve much more slowly than computer architectures.
Languages evolve over centuries.
Languages evolve very fast compared to biological evolution.
Languages evolve, adapt, die and are reborn.
Languages expand a child's cognitive development.
Languages featured are French, German, Spanish and Italian.
Languages featured in the Multilingual collection include Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean, and Japanese.
Languages featured in the multilingual collection include Spanish and French.
Languages flourish and then quiesce in ways that are very mysterious.
Languages Fluently write, read, and speak Spanish.
Languages follow education.
Languages form an important part of our culture.
Languages have a restricted set of color terms.
Languages have cliches, proverbs and idioms and taking things literally sometimes can be disastrous.
Languages have different sounds, and they also have different ways of spelling their sounds.
Languages have hard words.
Languages have other kinds of rules such as deletion and insertion .
Languages have priority.
Languages have rules or structure.
Languages have their own cultures and laws of expression.
Languages have to be studied and written.
Languages have to use the right kind of data types, the data types .NET expects.
Languages Have working knowledge reading, writing and speaking Spanish.
Languages Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Languages is that area of the curriculum where learners study and use language and literature.
Languages just change - gradually, almost imperceptibly.
Languages lead the way, bridging all our differences, and overcoming stereotypes.
Languages lie at the bedrock of cultures, and are inherently resistant to change.
Languages listed in italics have no category in the directory at present.
Languages make available to the student important, untranslated art historical material.
Languages make dramatic shifts and changes over time.
Languages now are available in, German , Japanese , Portuguese and Spanish .
Languages offered are currently Spanish, German and Japanese.
Languages offered in past years include Japanese, sign, Italian, German, Spanish and French.
Languages offers courses in Thai, and Japanese language.
Languages overlap, each marked by symbols of fear and power.
Languages provide the ideal vehicle for human dialogue.
Languages Read and speak Spanish, reading knowledge of French, Portuguese, Italian, and Latin.
Languages read are English, German, Danish, Swedish and Norwegian.
Languages reconnaissables et codage prefixe pur.
Languages represented include Western, Slavic, African and Middle Eastern languages.
Languages sci.lang Natural languages, communication, etc.
Languages seem to be disappearing faster than ever before.
Languages seem to vary on a continuum with respect to imperfectives.
Languages share certain universal traits.
Languages shift and change and dialects raise their heads.
Languages spoken are basically the same throughout the region.
Languages spoken are French, Spanish and Scandinavian languages.
Languages spoken are Portuguese, English, French and German.
Languages spoken are Spanish, English, French, German and Italian.
Languages spoken by attorneys in the office include German, French, and Italian, as well as English.
Languages spoken by the staff now include French, Spanish, Hebrew and English.
Languages spoken here include English, Arabic, Armenian, French, Spanish, and Turkish.
Languages spoken in other areas of Switzerland are French and Italian.
Languages spoken include Amerindian dialects and English.
Languages spoken include Arabic, English, French and Spanish.
Languages spoken include English and Chinese.
Languages spoken include English and Portuguese.
Languages spoken include English and Spanish.
Languages spoken include Spanish, Armenian, Russian, and Korean.
Languages spoken include Spanish, Cantonese, Mandarin, and English.
Languages spoken include, French, German, Hungarian, Russian and Czech.
Languages spoken within small communities are more complex than languages of large communities.
Languages supported are English, French, Spanish, Portuguese.
Languages supported are Spanish and Mandarin.
Languages take about five to ten years to mature to the point where they are really useful.
Languages take such a time, and so do all the things one wants to know about.
Languages take such a time, and sodo all the things one wants to know about.
Languages take time to develop.
Languages though are only good as a composition of sounds.
Languages thus play a key part in reducing ethnocentricity.
Languages Understands all spoken and written languages.
Languages use different methods for establishing an object's identity.
Languages used are English and the languages of the Scandinavian countries.
Languages used include French, Dutch,German, Italian or Spanish.
Languages used on the packaging include English, French, Spanish, Dutch, German, and Italian.
Languages vary but much of the material is in English.
Languages vary from country to country.
Languages vary from year to year.
Languages vary in importance.
Languages vary in many ways, yet the minds of speakers are similar.
Languages vary in predictable ways.
Languages vary quite widely in the way they segment the colour spectrum.
Languages Works in the English language make up the bulk of the purchases.
Languages often contain unsuspected survivals of earlier usage, particularly in dialect situations.
Language sometimes creates barriers.
Language sometimes creates problems, but often someone in a crew knows enough English to get by.
Language usually requires special interpretation, however, when it is ambiguous or unclear.
Languages usually differ in higher level - syntax, semantic of type definitions and so on.
All language arts teachers wish children to love reading and to find their voices as writers.
All language has a subtle music of meaning.
All language is communication but very little communication is language.
All language is inadequate.
All language is poetry.
All language is rhetorical, and even the senses are poets.
All language is the representation of concepts.
All language subskills, regardless of content, are significantly related.
All languages adapt and change because of contact between people.
All languages also have at least one stop consonant.
All languages are acceptable, but English subtitles are recommended.
All languages are aesthetic and very beautiful.
All languages are aesthetic.
All languages are aesthetical.
All languages are also welcome to join.
All languages are available at the same pricing levels.
All languages are available in each colour option.
All languages are available.
All languages are constantly in a state of flux.
All languages are easy in terms of learning a list of words and phrases.
All languages are eligible.
All languages are equal.
All Languages Are Equal.
All languages are pretty much the same, universal, even though on the surface they look different.
All languages are primarily oral, and slang is almost entirely so.
All languages are subject to birth and death.
All languages are useful in today's global economy.
All languages are welcome as the group has international distribution.
All languages are welcome, and there is no second language requirement.
All languages are welcome, but provide also a presentation summary in English.
All languages are welcome.
All languages can express abstract ideas, science, and art equally, though maybe differently.
All languages can then use it.
All languages change .
All languages change over time.
All languages change slightly according to the region of origin and social class of the speakers.
All languages change, just as other aspects of human society are constantly changing.
All languages contain idiomatic phrases.
All languages contain social or class differences in dialects, including America.
All languages contain terms for white and black.
All languages distinguish between consonant and vowel sounds.
All languages English only English abstracts of foreign language articles Other languages.
All languages evolve - an inevitable consequence of life.
All languages evolve in the context of a society.
All languages go through changes.
All languages have a limited number of words to use in expressing thoughts and ideas.
All languages have a written form.
All languages have advantages and drawbacks.
All languages have at least a category of verbs and nouns.
All languages have connectives.
All languages have grammar rules, whether they are formal rules or informal patterns.
All languages have pronominal categories involving at least three persons and two numbers.
All languages have rules.
All languages have something to offer.
All Languages have special terms to describe colors and colorfulness.
All languages have the purpose of being able to communicate.
All languages have their own grammar.
All languages have to continually coin new terms to keep current with the changing world.
All languages have variations that are either regional or social.
All languages have verbs and nouns.
All languages have words which tend to be used with certain other words.
All languages introduce the script in the first year course.
All Languages link.
All languages make a distinction between the form and the sense of a word.
All languages offer activities through clubs.
All languages qualify.
All languages require the same amount of diligence and motivation for success.
All languages satisfy.
All languages share certain properties.
All languages share the same components and features.
All languages support terrible programming.
All languages take a lot of study and effort to learn.
All languages undergo natural systematic change.
All languages use 'character sets', and the bottom half of each character set is English.
All languages use positional grammar to some extent.
All languages welcome.
Any language begins with a set of characters.
Any language consisting of all but finitely many strings over some alphabet is necessarily regular.
Any language develops as a spoken language.
Any language has rules that govern the correct use of that language.
Any language is a bundle of dialects, none of which is superior to any other.
Any language is acceptable.
Any language is fair game.
Any language is primarily what people speak.
Any language is technology.
Any language is valid.
Any language is welcome, as kvoctrain aims to support any language.
Any language signifies a vocal system by which members of a social group interact with one another.
Every language brings new and unique experiences, which are special to a particular type of people.
Every language codifies a way of cognizing, experiencing and organizing knowledge of the world.
Every language consists of such literary devices.
Every language has a basic vocabulary of similar words and expressions.
Every language has a basic word order for the words in a sentence.
Every language has a distinctive rhythm and the rhythm of some are very different from others.
Every language has a limited number of ways to form phrases, clauses and other syntactic units.
Every language has a peculiar melody, or lilt.
Every language has a set of rules that govern the content, form, and use of that language.
Every language has a sweet spot.
Every language has a syntax.
Every language has a way of referring to present, past, and future.
Every language has about as much syntax as any other language.
Every language has an alphabet and predictive astrology is no different.
Every language has both cardinal and ordinal numbers.
Every language has certain rhythms that are peculiar to itself.
Every language has it's own sets of common bugs the programs can have.
Every language has loans.
Every language has regional variations.
Every language has resources for clear, precise, economical expression.
Every language has rules about how sounds can be combined.
Every language has special phrases which can be used for a particular purpose.
Every language has words with multiple meanings.
Every language is a complex way of describing our world.
Every language is a foreign language, an invasion from outside of space.
Every language is a hard language to learn.
Every language is a sophisticated means of labeling the reality for communication purposes.
Every language is a treasure.
Every language is an arbitrary system through which an individual culture perceives the world.
Every language is conditioned and linked to a culture.
Every language is itself a collective art of expression.
Every language is made up of several dialects, and at least one idiolect per speaker.
Every language is spoken here, every cuisine is served here and every religion is practiced here.
Every language is the product of a specific history.
Every language looks at the world . . .
Every language needs a basic reference book.
Every language offers an infinity of possible utterances.
Every language offers no end of possible utterances.
Every Language Possesses a Structure.
Every language supposes the mediate or immediate presence of a subject.
Every language trades off expressive power against utility and ease of learning.
Every language uses a different set of sounds and sound combinations.
Every language uses 'specific identifiers', specific words or terms for an object.
Many language learning tasks focus on accuracy.
Many language searches at one site .
Many languages add a variety of accents to the basic letters, and a few also use extra letters .
Many languages allow functions to raise an exception , alerting the caller that something is wrong.
Many languages also can open pipes.
Many languages also have a thesaurus tool.
Many languages are available in the international section.
Many languages are available.
Many languages are currently available.
Many languages are spoken in Liberia.
Many languages are spoken in the district.
Many languages can also open pipes.
Many languages combine even more bytes for literally millions of combinations.
Many languages distinguish between knowing with the mind and knowing with the senses.
Many languages divide the color spectrum into completely different and unequal units of color.
Many languages go further.
Many languages have alternative numbering systems and special characters that represent numbers.
Many languages have both.
Many languages have dialects.
Many languages have more complex rules for sorting than English.
Many languages have multiple words where English has only one.
Many languages have regional dialects.
Many languages have their own way of expressing the sounds they use in communication.
Many languages have two quite different types of equational sentences.
Many languages lack the possessive verb to have , as well as the auxiliary to have .
Many languages requare support for tail-recursion calls.
Many languages require more letters than English does.
Many languages support a variety of iteration constructs, such as do , for , while , and until .
Many languages think of objects as a collection of slots.
Many languages use a small set of symbols or letters to form words.
Many languages use glyphs that extend beyond the ascent line or descent line.
Many languages use special characters.
Many languages use tildes.
Many languages use unmarked verbs for the third person.
More languages appear, others improve.
More languages are a very definite option.
More languages are in preparation.
More languages are on the way.
More languages are sure to follow.
More languages are to come.
More languages support, such as Thai, Vietnam.
Most language is acquired in the first four years of life.
Most language is just inherently ambiguous, unavoidably so.
Most language is spoken language, and most words once they are uttered, vanish forever into the air.
Most languages allow the main program to have any name.
Most languages are available upon request.
Most languages are data or event driven.
Most languages are just stupid anyway.
Most languages are modest regarding concepts such as truth.
Most languages assume one stack and one heap.
Most languages benefit from reading input all at once, instead of line by line.
Most languages contain handy, nonstandard extensions.
Most languages define sorting orders for strings expressed in their alphabet.
Most languages define the Type first and then the name.
Most languages find ways of re-using operator definitions, to simplify programming.
Most languages have a switch or case statement.
Most languages have a syntax and semantics.
Most languages have dialects, each with a distinctive accent, grammar, vocabulary, and idiom.
Most languages have implementation-dependent restrictions on persistent variables.
Most languages have official 'standards' that define the rules of how to write the source code.
Most languages have one main linking verb .
Most languages have one main linking verb.
Most languages have rules and conventional methods for writing poetry.
Most languages have specific areas of application that they are best suited for.
Most languages have velars.
Most languages instead require programmers to over-specify the types of language constructs.
Most languages lack such word-boundary sound changes entirely.
Most languages offer introductory units which require no previous knowledge.
Most languages represent a string as a data type, or as an array of characters.
Most languages require more characters than English to convey equivalent messages.
Most languages simulate multi-dimensional arrays by creating an array of arrays in memory.
Most languages support loops .
Most languages support loops.
Most languages use a small number of generic types of languages.
Most languages use mixed solutions.
Most languages use special characters.
Most languages use type information to give a partial char- acterization of what a module does.
Most languages use type information to give a partial characterization of what a module does.
Some language calls for federal agencies to conduct research on specified university campuses.
Some language enthusiasts out there write short poems in elvish for much the same reason.
Some language is aspirational and is designed to set a goal of protection of the environment.
Some language is more inherently hateful than others.
Some language is worthy of a good audio-cassette novel read by an interesting, unobtrusive voice.
Some languages actually enable both proof and simulation.
Some languages allow a child to inherit from more than one parent.
Some languages allow double negatives.
Some languages allow explicit declaration of subrange types.
Some languages allow paired comments to be nested.
Some languages allow the composition of all or nearly all types of elements.
Some languages allow the programmer to access the application from within a program.
Some languages also have a translation of the online help.
Some languages also have domains files available.
Some languages also have domains files or report descriptions files available.
Some languages also have links to grammar and tutorial pages.
Some languages are better for one kind of job, another for others.
Some languages are even more prone to wordplay, others less so.
Some languages are famous for the political or social group they are associated with.
Some languages are more suited to certain architectures than others.
Some languages are object-oriented.
Some languages are only available in certain technical standards.
Some languages are richer in the number of figures of speech than others.
Some languages are still better for some purposes than others.
Some languages are strong at processing algebraic formulas yet are weak when working with text.
Some languages are to be banned in schools.
Some languages are very hesitant to welcome foreign words into their vocabulary.
Some languages are worse than others.
Some languages can be more expressive than others, but they usually tend to be hard to work with.
Some languages can be quite musical in their flow and pronunciation.
Some languages can do other, more complex types of aritmetic on integers.
Some languages combine several varieties of classifiers.
Some languages disallow the user to explicitly deal with memory.
Some languages do things, others get things done.
Some languages drop the diacritics when presenting capital letters.
Some languages emphasize feelings by having many words for how people feel.
Some languages have a high correspondence between phonemes and letters.
Some languages have a link to further information.
Some languages have a neuter category, which is helpful for dealing with the inanimate world.
Some languages have a 'voiceless alveolar trill'.
Some languages have all three tenses, some have only two, and some have no tenses at all.
Some languages have compilers that produce C code, which can be further optimized by a C compiler.
Some languages have different sort orders to choose from.
Some languages have different words to convey the several meanings of single English words.
Some languages have more than one encoding.
Some languages have more than one matching character set.
Some languages have more than one publisher with different translators.
Some languages have multiple encoding options.
Some languages have no nasals.
Some languages have only one fluent speaker left, and for many, there are none.
Some languages have traditional orders of letters specifically for numbering.
Some languages let the programmer extend the meaning of an operator.
Some languages make safety a priority.
Some languages offer more opportunities than others.
Some languages omit vowels in writing.
Some languages only allow a single letter followed, where required, by a single number.
Some languages provide a means to make system calls directly.
Some languages provide direct support for such constructs.
Some languages read from right to left, rather than from left to right.
Some languages really are harder for outsiders to learn than others.
Some languages refer to double as well as long and short .
Some languages refer to femenine vs. masculine.
Some languages represent, through symbols, complete syllables -e.g.
Some languages require certain fonts be installed to display characters.
Some languages require multi-byte character sets.
Some languages require the grid items to be very wide.
Some languages require unusual fonts.
Some languages resolve all ambiguities automatically.
Some languages support expressions over larger values, e.g., vector, strings, etc.
Some languages support pre and post conditions for routines, which is a large step further.
Some languages trill r's, of course.
Some languages use a verbal affix while others use a special anaphoric pronoun.
Some languages use an ideographic writing system.
Some languages use more than one writing system.
Some languages use one word for green and blue or for yellow and orange.
Some languages use the accent to actually make new letters.
Some languages use the accent to show the same changes in sounds, but others use it differently.
Some languages use verbs to convey the action, while some use nouns.
Languages classes are also a great way to meet other international students.
Languages standards are technical specifications describing a programming language in detail.
Languid drones resonate for seconds and dissipate.
Languid legs scream in agony.
Languorous ballads add a sorrowful sweetness.
Langur monkeys are also primarily leaf-eaters.
Langur monkeys live in social troops with one male presiding over several females and their young.
Langur monkeys rock the branches.
A langur is a monkey
Langur is a type of monkey.
Langur isa monkey.
Langur monkeys eating fruit on a wall in Jodhpur.
Langur spend most of their time in trees .
Langur spend most of their time in trees.
Langurs are active during the day.
Langurs are also catarrhines, while spider monkeys are platyrhines.
Langurs are leaf-eating monkeys, part of the primate family.
Langurs are very agile.
Langurs are widespread across the Indian subcontinent.
Langurs attain maturity.
Langurs feed on fruit.
Langurs feed on mostly leaves and fruit, and spend much of the day resting while they digest.
Langurs have (part) brains.
Langurs have (part) breasts.
Langurs have (part) cell membranes.
Langurs have (part) cells.
Langurs have (part) chest cavities.
Langurs have (part) chests.
Langurs have (part) corpi.
Langurs have (part) cytoplasm.
Langurs have (part) ears.
Langurs have (part) faces.
Langurs have (part) heads.
Langurs have (part) nuclei.
Langurs have (part) pedal extremities.
Langurs have (part) piluses.
Langurs have (part) plasma membranes.
Langurs have (part) rib cages.
Langurs have (part) sections.
Langurs have (part) skulls.
Langurs have (part) sterna.
Langurs have (part) vacuoles.
Langurs have (part) vertebrate feet.
Langurs have digestion.
Langurs have large stomachs that have several sections.
Langurs have sight.
Langurs inhabit sites.
Langurs live in habitats ranging from warm, humid swamp forests to cold mountain areas.
Langurs spend one part of their life in the trees, and other on the ground.
Langurs survive on diets.
All langurs have excellent sight and hearing.
Most langurs have digestion.
Most langurs have sight.
Most langurs survive on diets.
Some langurs face extinction.
Some langurs have bellies.
Some langurs have brownish fur.
Some langurs have diets.
Some langurs have fur.
Some langurs have gray fur.
Some langurs have pot bellies.
Some langurs have ranges.
Some langurs live in forests.
Some langurs live in temples.
Some langurs reside in habitats.
Lanky breeze look up and down the street but the happy 's gone.
Lanky build is based on a former neighbor.
Lanky limbs sell for a dollar.
Lanmar custom slits all materials to customer order specifications.
Lanmar innovation is an important aspect of our professional service.
LANScan reports can now include or exclude the graphics portion of the view.
A lansoprazole is acid
Lansoprazole inhibits gastric acid secretion.
Lansoprazole inhibits the metabolism of theophylline.
Lansoprazole is stable when exposed to light for up to two months.
Lansoprazole works best if taken on an empty stomach.
Lansoprazole works by decreasing the amount of acid produced by the stomach.
Lansoprazoles are drugs.
A lantana is a poisonous plant
Lantanas are poisonous plants.
Lantanas are super butterfly magnets, especially for skippers.
Lantanas bloom in a dense head with individual florets tubular, with four or five lobes.
Lantanas bloom in a dense head with individual tubular florets with four or five lobes.
All lantanas are well suited to put some place in a strawberry jar because of their heat tolerance.
Lantech manufactures stretch wrapping equipment, conveyors and palletizers.
Lantern fish are one of the wonders of the sea.
Lantern fish have big eyes.
Lantern fishing is popular on summer nights.
Lantern processions are typical with candies and mooncakes as treats.
Lantern processions mark the end of the Chinese New Year holiday season.
A lantern slide is a transparency
Lantern slides are big, heavy, and fragile, since they are made of glass.
Lantern slides are glass, positive transparencies.
Lantern slides is an old term used to describe transparencies.
A lantern is a lamp
Lantern isa lamp.
Lanterns are lamps.
Lanterns are light sources.
Lanterns are light.
Lanterns are located in antique shops.
Lanterns are located in cabins.
Lanterns are located in campsites.
Lanterns are located in houses.
Lanterns are located in streets.
Lanterns are to be hung on designated hangers.
Lanterns are used for decoration.
Lanterns are used for illumination.
Lanterns are used for light.
Lanterns collapse and can be used over and over again.
Lanterns dangle precariously from the high ceilings.
Lanterns have (part) sections.
Lanterns have light.
Lanterns help people find the heavenly spirits who are believed to be flying around the full moon.
Lanterns illuminating the venue and oil lamps lighting the dining tables make the party mystique.
Lanterns light our way with tradition and beauty.
Lanterns light the place, and a small chest sits in one corner.
Lanterns provide light, for outdoor activity.
Lanterns represent brightness while the procession symbolizes success in school.
Lanterns Take an orange.
Lanterns Take some used jam jars and clean thoroughly, inside and out.
Lanterns turn a reddish color in autumn.
Lanterns vary in their capacity to hold fuel depending on the lantern design.
All lanterns come with a lifetime warranty.
All lanterns shown below are in stock.
Most lanterns have light.
Some lanterns give off noxious fumes that are harmful.
Some lanterns have mirrors.
Some lanterns make noise.
Lanternfishes get their name from the rows of photophores that adorn their heads and bodies.
A lanthanide is a group
Most lanthanides have a hcp crystal structure.
A lanthanoid is a group
Lanthanoids are metals .
Lanthanoids are metals.
Lanthanum carbonate is a hygroscopic powder soluble in water and acids.
Lanthanum carbonate is used as a phosphate binder cases of renal failure .
Lanthanum carbonate is used to reduce blood levels of phosphate in patients with kidney disease.
Lanthanum oxide has p-type semiconducting properties.
Lanthanum oxide is an odorless, white solid that is insoluble in water, but soluble in dilute acid.
Lanthanum oxide is used to make phosphors.
A lanthanum is metal
Lanthanum reacts with water to form lanthanum hydroxide plus hydrogen gas .
Most lanthanum is extracted from monazite sands .
LANX fabrics are launderable and have a superior shelf life.
Lany lizards can defend themselves by biting and there are two species that are venomous.
A lanyard is cord
Lanyards are available to buy from the cabin, subject to availability.
Lanyards are cord.
Lanyards are great for use in schools, hospitals, as a workplace ID, or at trade shows.
Lanyards are lines.
Lanyards come in a variety of colors, please inquire.
Lanyards don t completely replace fishing vests, but they are a valuable supplement.
Lanyards make the perfect identification tag.
Many lanyards are only three feet because of the stopping distance required.
Lao coffee is made in a coffee sock and is very thick, strong and dark black.
Lao communists do an about-face.
Lao crisis enters critical phase.
Lao families average seven persons to a household.
Lao food is really distinctive in that the taste is for things raw rather than cooked.
Lao government gives back their churches and any property belonging to the believers.
Lao language has no inflections.
Lao merchants cross the river to sell their produce.
Lao money is great.
Lao officials believe they drowned.
Lao people are so generous and entertaining.
Lao people explain how U.S. bombing during the Vietnam War era continues to affect their lives.
Lao people have many b'houn throughout the year to commerorate different issues.
Lao people love peace, and are generous.
Lao people work only to support their families.
Laotian government seems to be fearful of Hmong insurgents.
Laotian literature is predominantly religious and linked to the Buddhist tradition.
Many Laotian refugees reside in California's Central Valley.
Laotian women have the highest death rate from breast cancer in Contra Costa County.
Some lap belts come with a Velcro-equipped tab that prevents accidental opening of the latch.
A lap is a thigh
Lap isa thigh.
LAP matches clients with trained volunteers who share similar demographic characteristics.
Laps are a little more of an everyday functional apparatus.
Laps are body parts.
Laps are conveniently color-coded for degrees of hardness of stone to be polished.
Laps are counted, children can print out a few pod racer trading cards, and that's about it.
Laps are flaps.
Laps are heavy duty and made of cast iron machined to exacting tolerances.
Laps are part of bodies.
Laps are part of skirts.
Laps are solid objects.
Laps are spheres.
Laps are thighs.
Laps are to be used as trampolines only.
Laps are virtually invisible and stronger.
Laps click by, solo and small attack groups occur, but no one can seem to sustain anything.
Laps ends of bias-cut cloth around tubes.
Laps have (part) bone cells.
Laps have (part) corpi.
Laps have (part) ground substances.
Laps have (part) hip joints.
Laps have (part) hip sockets.
Laps have (part) lobes.
Laps have (part) marrow.
Laps have (part) mast cells.
Laps have (part) nerve fiber.
Laps have (part) nerve fibre.
Laps have (part) quads.
Laps have (part) radicles.
Laps have (part) synapse.
Every lap counts now, whether it's in practice, qualifying or in the race.
Every lap is an honor to drive here.
Every lap is important at Richmond.
Every lap is important.
Every lap is on top of the wheel.
Every lap presents a different situation there.
Most laps are even closer on time.
Laparascopic surgery offers hope for patients with carpal tunnel syndrome.
Laparoscopic adrenalectomy is available.
Laparoscopic appendectomy is as safe as open appendectomy.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy can disseminate in-situ carcinoma of the gallbladder.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy involves a significant amount of bleeding within the surgical field.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is a new alternative procedure for gallbladder removal.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is a new way of surgically removing the gallbladder.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is a relatively new alternative procedure for gallbladder removal.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is a safe and effective treatment of gallbladder disease.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is cholecystectomy
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is now a common procedure in Japan.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is now the procedure of choice for symptomatic gallbladder disease.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is performed.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is the procedure of choice.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is usually the preferred procedure.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy uses several small incisions instead of one large one.
Laparoscopic decortication has many advantages over traditional open surgery.
Laparoscopic operations comprise a core component of general surgery.
Laparoscopic procedures are tedious and lengthy, but they are an option.
Most laparoscopic procedures have a short recovery time for primarily the same reason.
Laparoscopic repair is done using general anesthesia, and almost all patients go home the same day.
Laparoscopic repair is started.
Laparoscopic surgery affords clear advantages.
Laparoscopic surgery avoids the incision required for open surgery.
Laparoscopic surgery can make donating a kidney to a loved one easier.
Laparoscopic surgery involves the use of fiber-optic tubes called laparoscopes.
Laparoscopic surgery is a popular approach in urological surgery and genitourinary surgery.
Laparoscopic surgery is a rapidly developing field.
Laparoscopic surgery is a relatively new approach to common surgical problems.
Laparoscopic surgery is an alternative to conventional surgical treatment.
Laparoscopic surgery is currently the first line technique for treating adnexal abcesses.
Laparoscopic surgery is done through five small incisions.
Laparoscopic surgery is immensely popular and surgeons can do it well.
Laparoscopic surgery is less likely to cause adhesions than standard open surgery.
Laparoscopic surgery is now possible in most patients.
Laparoscopic surgery is performed via three or four small incisions in the abdomen.
Laparoscopic surgery is used to treat tubal abnormalities, pelvic adhesions and endometriosis.
Laparoscopic surgery is very similar in principle.
Laparoscopic surgery means surgery performed without opening up the abdominal cavity.
Laparoscopic surgery performs the same hernia repair, but uses much smaller incisions.
Laparoscopic surgery refers to procedures in minimally invasive surgery isolated to the abdomen.
Laparoscopic surgery requires only a few small incisions in the abdomen wall.
Laparoscopic surgery uses smaller incisions than conventional operations.
Laparoscopic techniques are fashionable, and in some situations are now used widely.
Laparoscopic techniques are part and parcel of every residency training program.
Laparoscopic techniques have many advantages over surgery performed with traditional incisions.
Laparoscopic ultrasound enhances standard laparoscopy in the staging of pancreatic cancer.
Laparoscopic ultrasound is a recent development.
Laparotomy is a cutting
Laparotomy requires hospitalization.
A lapdog is a dog
Lapdogs are usually small dogs that are the perfect size to rest on the lap of any person.
Laped soils have less organic matter in the surface horizon and are drier.
Lapel buttons are also available.
Lapel microphones are available, if acceptable, or alternative boundary microphones can be provided.
Lapel microphones are very good value for money.
Lapel pins are available too.
A lapel is overlap
Lapel pin back attachment.
Lapels are moderately small.
Lapidary scrap is usually exceptional material but has extremely sharp edges.
A lapidary is an engraver
Lapidaries use slab and trim saws.
A lapin is fur
Lapins are self-fertile with a corresponding tendency to overset.
Lapins turn a deep mahogany two weeks before maturity.
Lapis color varies from navy to royal blue.
A lapis lazuli is a stone
Lapis lazuli contains the minerals calcite, pyrite , and sodalite .
Lapis lazuli is a dark blue stone used as a decoration and as a gemstone.
Lapis lazuli is mined at the deposits of the ancient world in Afghanistan.
Lapis lazuli is one of the few important rocks for beads.
Lapis lazuli is perhaps the most well-known rock commonly encountered in the gem world.
Lapis lazuli is sensitive to strong pressure and high temperatures.
Lapis lazuli is very versatile and can be worn all year long.
Lapis lazulis are minerals.
Lapis lazulis are stones.
LAPK users can now run multiple jobs at one time using portal.
Lapped cars go to the back and are no longer a lapped car.
Lapped seal faces to distort and go out of flat.
Lapped textures allow large, arbitrary surfaces to be covered with a compact texture footprint.
Lapped textures cover an arbitrary mesh with an example texture.
Lapponia jewelry has a worldwide reputation.
Laproscopic surgery requires probes and a small camera inserted into the patient.
LAPS analyses are of suitable quality to initialize a local-scale forecast model.
LAPS analyses are of suitable quality to initialize local-scale forecast models.
Lapse rates are higher in areas with fewer dentists.
Lapse rates are lower in winter or during a rainy season.
Lapse rates are lower over land than sea.
A lapse is an error
Lapses allow for novelty.
Lapses are extremely difficult to justify to regulatory and funding agencies.
Lapses are inevitable.
Lapses are normal and very human.
Lapses are pauses.
Lapses are situations.
Lapses are very rare, though- the programming of the ceremony is profound and deep.
Lapses exist in coherence, organization, and development.
Laptop bags are now also available in the form of haversacks, with dual shoulder straps.
Laptop battery gets low.
Laptop battery lasts an uninspiring sixty-three minutes before forcing FreeBSD to sleep.
Laptop battery upgrades.
A laptop computer is a portable computer
Laptop computer helps child learn basic learning skills.
Laptop computers are a great tool for writing and other independent work.
Laptop computers are acceptable.
Laptop computers are also available.
Laptop computers are also common features in the college student's backpack.
Laptop computers are also more vulnerable to theft.
Laptop computers are also safe utilizing the belt inspection.
Laptop computers are available for checkout by graduate students.
Laptop computers are available for field work.
Laptop computers are available for rental.
Laptop computers are available for short term loan.
Laptop computers are available for student checkout.
Laptop computers are available for student use.
Laptop computers are available for students to check out, as well.
Laptop computers are available to check out to graduate students.
Laptop computers are available upon request.
Laptop computers are complex devices.
Laptop computers are currently very popular amongst thieves worldwide.
Laptop computers are either thin laptops or full laptops.
Laptop computers are especially useful.
Laptop computers are expensive.
Laptop computers are fragile.
Laptop computers are increasingly popular because they are portable and can run on batteries.
Laptop computers are more expensive to upgrade and more expensive to repair.
Laptop computers are more flexible and convenient for students over desktop computers.
Laptop computers are now available in the Library for checkout to students, faculty, and staff.
Laptop computers are one of the hottest theft items currently available.
Laptop computers are particularly popular.
Laptop computers are personal computers.
Laptop computers are popular among the journalists in East Timor.
Laptop computers are portable computers.
Laptop computers are practically required tools for college students.
Laptop computers are readily transportable and therefore are the most easily stolen.
Laptop computers are the size of a briefcase or smaller.
Laptop computers are the ultimate in convenience.
Laptop computers can bridge the portability gap to some extent, however.
Laptop computers can have their files copied.
Laptop computers can provide the tools for such a system.
Laptop computers contribute to the facilitation of team based assignments and activities.
Laptop computers cost more than an equally powerful desktop computer.
Laptop computers enable the school to be portable and move to different locations as needed.
Laptop computers go everywhere our adjusters go.
Laptop computers have advantages and disadvantages.
Laptop computers have the advantage of being portable and convenient.
Laptop computers have the advantage of portability.
Laptop computers is another issue.
Laptop computers line the lawyers tables.
Laptop computers make learning more enjoyable.
Laptop computers present no problems, and are becoming more popular for genealogy research.
Laptop computers present their own unique set of security concerns.
Laptop computers present unique ergonomic challenges.
Laptop computers take the place of tray tables.
Laptop computers tend to be less robust and more expensive than desktop computers.
Laptop computers use significantly less energy than desktop models.
Laptop computers weigh one tenth as much as desktops and require one third of the electricity.
Many laptop computers have composite TV output capability built into it.
Many laptop computers have the capability of putting out a signal to a large computer monitor.
Most laptop computers come with a standard one-year parts and labor warranty.
Some laptop computers contain only a single removable hard disk.
Some laptop computers use a touch screen to perform the same function.
Laptop theft is a huge problem, according to security industry and insurance company statistics.
Laptop theft is a major problem for business travelers.
Laptop theft is hard to trace.
Laptop theft is on the rise.
Laptop thefts are common and are becoming more so.
A laptop is a portable computer
Laptop carry cases can also be purchased from many high street retailers.
Laptop fails to shutdown.
Laptop is home dial up parameters taken out.
Laptop isa computer.
Laptop s dead.
Laptops allow for better visibility for both instructors and participants.
Laptops allow students to learn anywhere and anytime.
Laptops also cost more than desktops and are more difficult and costly to upgrade.
Laptops also have a smaller footprint than desktop computers.
Laptops also have their shortcomings, the most obvious of which is price.
Laptops are a different story.
Laptops are a distraction, a PR exercise.
Laptops are a high theft item.
Laptops are a little too fragile to be carried around campus regularly.
Laptops are acceptable.
Laptops are already suitable for cars.
Laptops are also available for check-out within the library.
Laptops are also available for checkout.
Laptops are also available for rent on board.
Laptops are also available for whole school use.
Laptops are also more expensive than desktop systems.
Laptops are also subject to theft and damage.
Laptops are also, as a rule, more expensive than desktop models for the same computing power.
Laptops are an expensive investment.
Laptops are an extension of people s offices and their personal lives.
Laptops are an important aid to that kind of student-focused learning.
Laptops are ancient history.
Laptops are another matter entirely.
Laptops are attractive for a variety of reasons.
Laptops are available for a weekend or a week and are subject to availability.
Laptops are available for rental, and the rooms are Internet accessible.
Laptops are available for sign out with the proper permission forms.
Laptops are available for students in one classroom.
Laptops are available for use inside the Library only.
Laptops are available in the library.
Laptops are awful.
Laptops are cheap compared to lost or pilfered data.
Laptops are convenient because they easily run off a car's power system and are very portable.
Laptops are convenient little devices, true.
Laptops are convenient.
Laptops are de rigueur but old hat.
Laptops are due one hour before closing and stop circulating two hours before closing.
Laptops are easier to conceal, and they can be liquidated quickly for a nice profit.
Laptops are easier to lose, damage, and are stolen more often.
Laptops are especially attractive targets for someone looking to make some fast cash.
Laptops are especially popular.
Laptops are especially vulnerable to damage and loss.
Laptops are everywhere from airplane seats to coffee shops.
Laptops are fairly attractive targets.
Laptops are for use in the library only .
Laptops are for use inside the library to access the Internet.
Laptops are for use ONLY in the library .
Laptops are fragile and can easily be damaged by shock and vibration.
Laptops are fragile.
Laptops are generally more difficult to upgrade.
Laptops are generally more expensive than desktop computers.
Laptops are generally more expensive than desktops.
Laptops are great for motions, however, and for mediations.
Laptops are heavy, and cybercafes are plentiful.
Laptops are heavy, expensive, easily stolen, and have limited battery life.
Laptops are heavy.
Laptops are ideal for anyone demanding quick and easy mobility, without forfeiting performance.
Laptops are increasingly popular among students.
Laptops are inferior to desktop computers in all features except portability.
Laptops are inherently ill-suited for liberal arts classes.
Laptops are just laptops.
Laptops are just small desktop computers with the same modality of use.
Laptops are kinda strange, hardware-wise, and often require some special attention.
Laptops are lightweight and can operate on batteries.
Laptops are likely to have a built-in IR port, so no external device is necessary.
Laptops are located in desks.
Laptops are located in internet cafes.
Laptops are located in meetings.
Laptops are made of chips.
Laptops are made of plastic.
Laptops are mobile computers.
Laptops are more expensive and less expandable, but they are portable.
Laptops are more expensive and more prone to theft and damage than desktops.
Laptops are more expensive.
Laptops are much less upgradeable than desktop systems.
Laptops are new and subject to quick obsolescence.
Laptops are notorious for their pale displays.
Laptops are now a viable storage media.
Laptops are now obsolete, since the lighter, full-featured notebook computers are widely available.
Laptops are now so powerful that they really can be true desktop replacements.
Laptops are nowhere near as useful as the concept presents itself to be.
Laptops are obsolete.
Laptops are often a mobile worker's only computer.
Laptops are often difficult to upgrade.
Laptops are often specialized or contain proprietary hardware.
Laptops are one of the hardest pieces of hardware to support in the industry.
Laptops are optional.
Laptops are our specialty.
Laptops are particularly vulnerable to information theft because of their mobility.
Laptops are popular with thieves, for obvious reasons.
Laptops are portable and can be taken anywhere.
Laptops are portable but clumsy.
Laptops are portable computers.
Laptops are portable.
Laptops are quick.
Laptops are quieter and are, mostly, just as powerful as their desktop counterparts.
Laptops are really cool, but cost much more for the same performance.
Laptops are small, but some are smaller than others.
Laptops are small, wireless, resource-minimal and portable.
Laptops are still expensive.
Laptops are the easiest and most convenient.
Laptops are the least bother and fairly inexpensive.
Laptops are too heavy, too expensive, and too much trouble to connect to hotel phone systems.
Laptops are tricky pieces of hardware.
Laptops are unreliably and are prone to crash for no apparent reason.
Laptops are usually as useful for homework as they are for schoolwork.
Laptops are usually half a generation behind the latest desktop technology.
Laptops are usually more expensive and also a bit more difficult to configure and operate.
Laptops are usually more expensive and can be more difficult to configure and operate.
Laptops are very expensive and difficult to repair or upgrade, although it can be done.
Laptops are welcome in the classroom.
Laptops are welcome.
Laptops are wildly addictive.
Laptops are wonderful things.
Laptops can access the network anywhere in the library.
Laptops can also take the place of desktops in a traditional lab setting.
Laptops can be heavy to carry.
Laptops can communicate peer to peer or to the backbone via a wireless access point.
Laptops can go anywhere, but the risks of theft and damage are greater than with a desktop computer.
Laptops can have CD-ROM drives that are internal or external to the machine.
Laptops can help make long travel days productive.
Laptops can now access library resources from all locations.
Laptops can often cost more than desktops.
Laptops can produce braille just like their desktop counterparts.
Laptops can produce vast amounts of information.
Laptops can use either the USB device or PC card transmitters.
Laptops can use NICs that fit into the PC card slot.
Laptops can use PC Card adapters with phone cord connectors.
Laptops carry a three year manufacturer's warranty only.
Laptops carry the manufacturer's warranty only .
Laptops certainly can deliver on that promise.
Laptops come with many more possibilities.
Laptops come with similar processors, memory, modems and hard drives.
Laptops continue to get smaller and more powerful.
Laptops cost more and are more expensive to upgrade.
Laptops enhance learning in core academic subjects and increase students' passion for learning.
Laptops Ensure that policy requires the encryption of all hard drive data on all laptops.
Laptops equipped with PC cards stay at the surgeon's side, even in the operating room.
Laptops extend the school day.
Laptops facilitate data sharing and processing by students.
Laptops fit better in cramped dorm rooms.
Laptops give portability but cost more.
Laptops have (part) action mechanisms.
Laptops have (part) computer accessories.
Laptops have (part) computer memory.
Laptops have (part) computer storage.
Laptops have (part) electron guns.
Laptops have (part) keyboards.
Laptops have (part) memory boards.
Laptops have (part) monitors.
Laptops have (part) mother boards.
Laptops have (part) processors.
Laptops have (part) resistors.
Laptops have (part) sections.
Laptops have a huge advantage over larger desktop computers.
Laptops have a maximum checkout period of three hours.
Laptops have batteries.
Laptops have important downsides.
Laptops have many difficult issues under the lid in most cases.
Laptops have parallel ports.
Laptops have ports.
Laptops have similar advantages for teachers.
Laptops have smaller screens to begin with and can be tipped or even closed completely as needed.
Laptops have software.
Laptops have the convenience of portability.
Laptops heat up.
Laptops increase access to information and improve research and analysis skills.
Laptops just travel better, that's all.
Laptops lead to higher quality work, especially writing.
