Work involves driving and operating trucks and some heavy equipment.
Work involves electric welding, gas welding, and the fabrication of tools, structures and equipment.
Work involves employment relations, personal injury and class action work.
Work involves examining and preparing legal opinions, briefs, memoranda and other legal documents.
Work involves examining and preparing legal opinions, briefs, memoranda, and other legal documents.
Work involves exposure to disagreeable environmental conditions and moderate physical effort.
Work involves extensive client contact.
Work involves extensive standing, reaching, stooping, bending and moving a cart.
Work involves extensive standing, reaching, stooping, bending and moving materials.
Work involves extensive standing, reaching, stooping, bending and moving objects.
Work involves extensive standing, reaching, stooping, lifting and moving materials.
Work involves extensive standing, reaching, stooping, lifting and moving objects.
Work involves extensive travel to farms, factories and villages.
Work involves extensive worldwide travel.
Work involves extensive, overnight travel throughout the state.
Work involves financial responsibility and liability for commissary merchandise and fixed assets.
Work involves following simple instructions and established procedures.
Work involves formulating policies, developing procedures and supervising the day to day operation.
Work involves general administrative support to the Superintendent of Streets.
Work involves general landscape maintenance and custodial maintenance.
Work involves general radiography, equipment design and synthesis.
Work involves grading compositions for grammar, clarity, punctuation, style, etc.
Work involves handling and testing of pesticides which pose a possible health hazard.
Work involves handling small research animals requiring the use of appropriate safety precautions.
Work involves heavy lifting, dragging and stacking of product.
Work involves identifying issues, collecting data and seeking strategic solutions.
Work involves independent decision making on problems encountered within a defined activity area.
Work involves independent judgment based upon a broad background of experience.
Work involves initiative in the performance of assigned duties.
Work involves inspecting the records of real estate offices and investigating complaints.
Work involves installing water mains, transmission mains, valves, hydrants, valve boxes, etc.
Work involves instructing clients in rehabilitation therapeutic activities.
Work involves instructing clients in rehabilitation therapy activities.
Work involves interviewing clients and others to obtain information.
Work involves interviewing families and reviewing applications.
Work involves investigating group home properties in relation to zoning requirements.
Work involves irregular hours and days.
Work involves learning basic skills and techniques.
Work involves lifeguarding, cleaning, and instructing.
Work involves lifting heavy objects, operating large equipment and using strength.
Work involves loading and unloading washers, washer-extractors, and extractors.
Work involves maintaining and checking the aircraft and troubleshooting aircraft systems.
Work involves maintaining sportsmanship games and monitoring and maintaining playground facilities.
Work involves maintaining the files of documents, correspondence, reports, and related materials.
Work involves maintenance, installation, and modification of various types of machines.
Work involves major policy issues that cross agency and program area lines.
Work involves manual tasks, both routine and special.
Work involves meeting and surveying community groups.
Work involves modeling dendritic microstructure formation during solidification.
Work involves monitoring network resources and in performing corrective action when necessary.
Work involves movement of objects through a distance.
Work involves moving and arranging furniture and displays.
Work involves network configuration, administration, support and maintenance.
Work involves network installation, testing, maintenance, and enhancement.
Work involves obtaining information and planning treatment services for clients.
Work involves occasional instruction and training of a small group of employees.
Work involves one or a combination of the following tasks.
Work involves one or more of many interesting aspects listed below.
Work involves operating all sprayers owned by the county.
Work involves operating automated office in either a stand-alone, network, or mainframe environment.
Work involves operating motor vehicles in transporting passengers or cargo.
Work involves operating mowing equipment, trimmers, backpack blowers and edgers.
Work involves operation of all equipment, including participation in console-based dialogue.
Work involves operation of assigned laundry equipment to meet workload requirements.
Work involves organizing and evaluating photographic activities.
Work involves organizing, conducting, and evaluating educational and training programs.
Work involves overseeing the submitting and monitoring of jobs to be performed by the computer.
Work involves participating in the basic police training programs and alternative Police functions.
Work involves performance of varied and difficult secretarial and administrative duties.
Work involves performing a variety of clerical tasks in the daily operation of the landfill.
Work involves performing a variety of diagnostic radiographs on inpatients and outpatients.
Work involves performing a variety of related tasks necessary in the operation of equipment.
Work involves performing assigned duties that require manipulative skill.
Work involves performing engineering design work, calculating costs, and conducting various studies.
Work involves performing general secretarial and office manage-ment duties in a field office.
Work involves performing general secretarial and office support duties in a field office.
Work involves performing patrol duties in an assigned area on an assigned shift.
Work involves personnel, fiscal and budgetary responsibilities.
Work involves physical or manual labor.
Work involves planning and directing major forestry programs, activities and staff in a district.
Work involves planning and directing the functions of the firearms range.
Work involves planning and implementing procedures in the acquisition of goods and services.
Work involves planning of new parks and additional development within established parks.
Work involves planning, assigning and reviewing the activities of a unit of lower level auditors.
Work involves planning, design, and implementation.
Work involves planning, excavation, research, reconstruction, and publication writing.
Work involves planning, organizing and directing the daily operation of a computer center.
Work involves planning, organizing, and conducting rehabilitative counseling programs.
Work involves planning, organizing, directing and providing limited program services to the public.
Work involves planning, organizing, directing and supervising all departments of the plant.
Work involves planning, organizing, directing, and evaluating photographic activities.
Work involves planning, preparing, seasoning and cooking food.
Work involves potential exposure to hazardous materials.
Work involves programming robots and doing grasping experiments with sample parts.
Work involves prolonged sitting and the extensive use of a PC and telephone.
Work involves protecting human life and maintaining order at a state park public swimming facility.
Work involves providing a graded program of activity as needed for individuals and for small groups.
Work involves providing consultative and technical services.
Work involves providing field assistance and performs follow-up inspections.
Work involves providing for the care and treatment of patients and clients.
Work involves providing for the care, treatment, and general welfare of patients.
Work involves providing for the dental care, treatment, and welfare of patients.
Work involves providing legal consultative and technical services.
Work involves providing library services to children or adults at the main library or at the branch.
Work involves providing nursing services for employees who becomes ill or injured on the job.
Work involves providing professional nursing care to patients in a hospital or nursing home.
Work involves providing rehabilitative services for clients with mental impairments.
Work involves providing security of state owned buildings.
Work involves providing support and technical assistance to other staff members and troubleshooting.
Work involves providing technical support in the overall operations of the program.
Work involves psychological testing, programming, diagnosing, counseling, reporting, and research.
Work involves public contact which requires exercising tact and restraint.
Work involves purchasing high dollar commodities and equipment in the open market or by contract.
Work involves purposefulness and intentionality .
Work involves quantitative and qualitative chemical analysis of organic and inorganic materials.
Work involves reading, writing, and ascertaining the correctness of mathematical assertions.
Work involves receiving cash and checks for a variety of transactions.
Work involves receiving instruction on basic defensive tactics.
Work involves recording and transcribing verbatim testimonies and statements at hearings.
Work involves regular and recurring exposure to the hazards of radiation and communicable diseases.
Work involves removing shrubs and trees and existing fences, and excavation activities.
Work involves repairing, mending, and making alterations to clothing or household items.
Work involves repetitive tasks.
Work involves replacing or repairing worn or broken parts and installs accessories.
Work involves research in both geochemistry and molecular ecology.
Work involves researching problems and recommending resolutions for approval.
Work involves researching selected topics and preparing brief descriptions of each quality site.
Work involves resolving public complaints which call for a high degree of tact and diplomacy.
Work involves responsibility for a full range of research functions.
Work involves responsibility for a section of an archives department.
Work involves responsibility for all agency enforcement activities in an enforcement region.
Work involves responsibility for cleaning and minor maintenance work in public buildings.
Work involves responsibility for darkroom processing of black and white, color, or radiologic film.
Work involves responsibility for participation in long-term program planning and policy development.
Work involves responsibility for several staff services functions such as recruitment and training.
Work involves rotating days off and working on holidays.
Work involves routine operation of all equipment including participation in console-based dialogue.
Work involves routine operation of equipment, including participati on in console-based dialogue.
Work involves scheduling media production activities and assigning work to subordinate staff.
Work involves serving as a liaison with other county, state, federal, and community agencies.
Work involves serving as a principal assistant to the director of a county drug and alcohol program.
Work involves setting up mist-nets, removing birds from nets, recording data, and banding birds.
Work involves shift, weekend and holiday work.
Work involves some contact with the general public.
Work involves some disagreeable aspects and physical effort.
Work involves some disagreeable aspects.
Work involves some standing and lifting.
Work involves staff inspections and legislative analysis.
Work involves stooping which requires the use of legs and feet.
Work involves studying selected infectious disease outbreaks and working in immunization clinics.
Work involves substantial public contact with citizens and law violators.
Work involves supervising and administering law enforcement and security activities.
Work involves supervising and coordinating statewide real estate appraisal projects.
Work involves supervising investigative activities.
Work involves supervising law enforcement and security activities.
Work involves supervising operational areas such as maintenance, security and revenue collection.
Work involves supervising the work of inmates to ensure the efficient operation of a factory.
Work involves supervising, planning, and overall coordination of program activities.
Work involves supervision of field inspection staff and determinations of animal diseases.
Work involves teaching and training clients with mental impairments.
Work involves technical and clerical functions necessary for the disciplinary process.
Work involves technical writing, editing, proofreading and web design skills.
Work involves the application of paint to a variety of surfaces using a brush or spray gun.
Work involves the application of psychotherapeutic theories and practices.
Work involves the collection of tax revenues the enforcement of tax laws.
Work involves the delivery and processing of incoming and outgoing mail for the agency.
Work involves the development of new polymers and resins and new processing methods.
Work involves the development of transcript and lexicon resources in various languages.
Work involves the direct supervision of all work units and clerical staff within the office.
Work involves the direct supervision of inmate work groups in their daily assigned duties.
Work involves the financial oversight of complex and often specialized programs.
Work involves the installation of a pipe organ and building modifications.
Work involves the movement of objects through a distance.
Work involves the performance of legal services and assisting in courtroom procedures.
Work involves the performance of various specific, recurring tasks.
Work involves the repair and reconditioning of the surfaces of vehicles and equipment.
Work involves the resolution of network communication problems.
Work involves the safe delivery of products of products to restaurants.
Work involves the set up of rooms for conferences, classes and social events.
Work involves the submitting and monitoring of jobs to be performed by the computer.
Work involves the transportation, storage, and delivery of materials, supplies, and equipment.
Work involves the use of chemicals and heavy equipment.
Work involves the use of state of the art technologies to realize the application.
Work involves time and political pressures.
Work involves training in officer and offender relations, security, and corrections management.
Work involves training new staff and monitoring their work progress.
Work involves transporting inmates to and from various work sites and supervising inmate work crews.
Work involves travel and coordination of networking, organising meeting, web-based databases etc.
Work involves travel and coordination of networking, organising meetings, web-based databases etc.
Work involves use of hand and power tools, plumb bobs, levels, wedges, dogs, or turnbuckles.
Work involves use of hand and power woodworking tools and careful workmanship.
Work involves using measuring instruments and following rolling orders or blueprints.
Work involves using measuring instruments, machines, or hand tools.
Work involves utilizing a central computerized communications system.
Work involves varied tasks and is checked for accuracy and completeness.
Work involves varied, moderately complex work methods.
Work involves walking, standing, speaking, driving.
Work involves writing a lot of white papers and prototype development.
Work involves writing news releases, advertisements, etc.
Work involving invisible laser radiation, or high power lasers, requires particular care.
Work involving manual drawing is particularly prone to cause delays and expense.
Work involving order of operations and the use of formulas is addressed as well.
Work involving other people requires office employees to be personable and tactful.
Work involving sensitive issues is handled with tact.
Work involving subconscious memory and regression is, perhaps, one of the greatest endeavors.
Work involving the care or instruction of minors is exempted.
Work involving web site design, off-beat internet programming, graphics and databases is sought.
Work inwards to create a spiral shape.
Work is . . .
Work is a beautiful four-letter word.
Work is a beautiful opportunity to serve the divine in others.
Work is a better approach.
Work is a big draw.
Work is a big part of almost everyone's life.
Work is a big part of beekeeping.
Work is a blessing.
Work is a central part of our adult lives.
Work is a change in energies elicited by a force that travels.
Work is a comprehensive event of leadership development for pastors, staff, and key lay leaders.
Work is a consuming part of life in America.
Work is a core issue in the global economy.
Work is a development of the computer software.
Work is a difficult concept.
Work is a dirty word.
Work is a dominant theme in the lives of most people.
Work is a drag.
Work is a dynamic energy, a transfer of energy from one system to another.
Work is a few months ahead of schedule.
Work is a first priority, after school.
Work is a force exerted on an object.
Work is a form of prayer.
Work is a four letter word.
Work is a fulfilling human vocation.
Work is a fundamental element in living a worth while life.
Work is a fundamental part of our humanity.
Work is a fundamental part of our lives.
Work is a funny thing.
Work is a gift given for the common good.
Work is a gift, a vocation.
Work is a gift.
Work is a good excuse for poor climbing fitness.
Work is a good thing.
Work is a good way to avoid distractions.
Work is a good way to learn about other culture.
Work is a great place.
Work is a great portion of people's lives.
Work is a group activity.
Work is a holy labor.
Work is a huge part of everyone's life.
Work is a human right.
Work is a little slow here now.
Work is a low priority.
Work is a major component of our lives.
Work is a major value in German life, a major motivating drive that runs the entire society.
Work is a matter of honor for every citizen who is able to work.
Work is a means by which the gospel can be brought to the world.
Work is a means of worship and ministry.
Work is a means to an unknown end.
Work is a means to earn the income needed to support that real life.
Work is a measure of energy.
Work is a measure of our independence and a large part of our identities.
Work is a microcosm of the world.
Work is a monthly updated section discussing emerging business ideas and trends.
Work is a natural and necessary aspect of the Christian life.
Work is a necessary and defining activity in the development of the adult personality.
Work is a necessary and valuable part of human experience.
Work is a necessity for man.
Work is a necessity of life, but it is never an end in itself.
Work is a nice collaboration that showcases their offbeat music.
Work is a pain.
Work is a part of human dignity.
Work is a part of the community, too.
Work is a positive activity.
Work is a prime example of creating value in the world, of achieving goals, of applying values.
Work is a privilege and a virtue under capitalism.
Work is a privilege.
Work is a process by which energy changes forms.
Work is a quantity of energy given in the unit of Joules.
Work is a real time-robber.
Work is a release, a challenge and enjoyable.
Work is a rubber ball.
Work is a sacrament.
Work is a scalar, a number with units.
Work is a scalar.
Work is a significant source of stress for many people.
Work is a social setting.
Work is a sorry god whose reward is strangely empty.
Work is a source of disutility or dissatisfaction.
Work is a source of physical and emotional distress on the whole person.
Work is a spiritual exercise.
Work is a theme that runs throughout.
Work is a vast, largely untapped arena for conscious personal growth.
Work is a vehicle for our creations to be a blessing to the world.
Work is a very concrete idea with some weird applications.
Work is a very different reality.
Work is a very important aspect to the Virgo's life.
Work is a very important part of their life, the most enjoyable thing they do all day.
Work is a vital part of human existence.
Work is a vital part of life.
Work is a way for everyone to contribute to the common good of the entire community.
Work is a way of love.
Work is a way to serve other people and to enrich their lives.
Work is a whirlwind of writing, traveling, writing and more writing.
Work is a zero sum game in which only the fittest survive.
Work is about clients and exchanging money for pixels.
Work is about daily meaning as well as daily bread.
Work is about to begin on the station winterization project.
Work is about two-thirds complete.
Work is abundant.
Work is accelerated only if the requester is willing to pay for contracted assistance.
Work is acceptable but often late.
Work is accepted all year around.
Work is accepted in sequential order.
Work is accepted on a satisfactory or unsatisfactory basis.
Work is accepted on confirmed PO's with specs.
Work is accepted until closing.
Work is accompanied by an extensive bibliography of Mexican literature on topic.
Work is accomplished at no cost to using department.
Work is accomplished below.
Work is accomplished by individually negotiated delivery orders.
Work is accomplished in two distinct phases.
Work is accomplished independently and at a higher warrant.
Work is accomplished independently with little or no technical assistance or review.
Work is accomplished individually with a faculty member.
Work is accomplished on an object any time a net force acts over a particular displacement , d .
Work is accomplished through a mix of in-house and outsourced contracted services.
Work is accomplished through influence and persuasion, as well as by delegated authority.
Work is accomplished through use of in-house staff and consultants.
Work is accomplished through virtually paperless processes.
Work is accomplished under close supervision.
Work is accomplished with considerable independence.
Work is accomplished within a broad framework, with authority and responsibility in area of service.
Work is accomplished within a broad framework, with authority and responsibly in area of service.
Work is accomplished within pre-defined budgets and time constraints.
Work is accurate and presentation is creative and attractive.
Work is accurate, clearly presented, and useful.
Work is accurate, thorough, and documented appropriately.
Work is accurate, thorough, and timely.
Work is actively underway for the first national homeowners' onsite insurance program.
Work is activities.
Work is adjusted to each student's level of preparation.
Work is aimed at identifying elements that are important for regional control of imprinted genes.
Work is a'ite.
Work is all about job satisfaction.
Work is all about laser cooling of atoms.
Work is all about the results.
Work is all consuming and life is racing ahead with the incessant ticking of the clock.
Work is all they know.
Work is allocated depending on a person's gifts.
Work is almost at standstill.
Work is almost complete on hooking up the azimuth servo.
Work is almost complete on setting up a related works enquiry option and a Boolean search option.
Work is almost complete on the electric fence that Kuwait is erecting along the border.
Work is already in hand.
Work is already in progress and much has already been achieved.
Work is already in progress on new additions and enhancements for the web site.
Work is already under way at both sites.
Work is already under way for our first chapter to serve the area along the Arkansas River.
Work is already under way on Britain's first offshore wind farm.
Work is already under way on subsequent titles in the series.
Work is already underway as some bases for the lights are being set now.
Work is already underway at several sites.
Work is already underway in many critical areas.
Work is already underway inplanning for potential follow-on sessions for next year's conference.
Work is already underway on a second gene transfer experiment.
Work is already underway on the analysis and technical specification element of the project.
Work is already underway on the remaining two collections.
Work is already underway on two south-north canals associated with the project.
Work is already underway preparing the wall for the artist.
Work is already underway to develop interactive forms and a search engine for the site.
Work is already underway to implement the plan.
Work is already underway to prepare for orientation, testing, and placement of students.
Work is already underway to provide an internet access point in every room in the college.
Work is already underway to refine the carrier requirement.
Work is already underway to restore and rehabilitate the prairie.
Work is already underway to review materials in physics, biology, teacher education and business.
Work is already underway to secure long-term funding for the job.
Work is already underway, meanwhile, to further upgrade the software.
Work is already underway.
Work is already well underway.
Work is also about to begin on the lower end of the new plaza, near the football field entrance.
Work is also available as weekends only.
Work is also available in other hospitals in the area.
Work is also due to start on the initial analysis and processing of the raw information.
Work is also enslavement.
Work is also good for Jimmy.
Work is also important because it can give very poor children a valuable role in their world.
Work is also in hand on manufacturing the new cylinder pattern.
Work is also in progress on a test method for evaluating adhesion in the field.
Work is also in progress on an open standard for ebooks.
Work is also in progress on developing a scheme for evaluating undergraduate engineering education.
Work is also in progress on liquid crystals.
Work is also in progress on the analysis of the X-ray spectra from Z pinch plasmas.
Work is also in progress on the extension to nonuniform grids.
Work is also in progress on the next wave of standards and related products.
Work is also in progress to compile a similar data base for Australia.
Work is also in progress to reach further back into the history of the paper.
Work is also ongoing in the development of specialised awareness displays for groupware systems.
Work is also ongoing in the development of the workload technical exhibit.
Work is also ongoing in the modelling of slack tethers for shallow-water ROVs.
Work is also ongoing on a project in Russia.
Work is also ongoing with Mexico to develop a common activity data base.
Work is also the primary route out of poverty.
Work is also under way in other communities.
Work is also under way on an online electronic public library of health.
Work is also under way on exposure assessment and on risk assessment.
Work is also under way on the film history of the northern sector.
Work is also under way to examine the changing structure of milk production.
Work is also under way to turn the story into a film.
Work is also underway for a national electoral registration system.
Work is also underway in developing a related technology for treating municipal sewage sludge.
Work is also underway in the design of nonlinear observers for the problem of fault diagnosis.
Work is also underway on assessing stakeholders' perceptions of ecological impacts .
Work is also underway on geographical place names.
Work is also underway on local sites in the UK and Germany.
Work is also underway on mathematical modelling of electric smelting furnaces.
Work is also underway on the improvement of green areas.
Work is also underway related to a student scholarship idea.
Work is also underway to assess fishery impacts at each operating site.
Work is also underway to bring angle brackets to logic and proofs.
Work is also underway to build web sites for a travel picture library and other clients.
Work is also underway to characterize a second mutant with increased ethylene sensitivity.
Work is also underway to develop a strategy to rebuild the stock.
Work is also underway to develop general articulation agreements in certain fields.
Work is also underway to examine food industry implementation of new computer technology.
Work is also underway to further integrate environmental impacts into the results.
Work is also underway to install Z origin capability.
Work is also underway to provide Internet access to all users.
Work is also underway to radiolabel plaques for in vivo detection.
Work is also underway to standardise the way that terminologies are represented and used.
Work is also underway to translate new findings into clinical practice .
Work is also underway with colleagues in Poland and elsewhere.
Work is always a challenge.
Work is always a distraction.
Work is always an unexcused absence.
Work is always better than welfare.
Work is always good.
Work is always in progress.
Work is always there, yet it gives freedom and flexibility.
Work is amusing.
Work is an activity
Work is an administrative guide to assist teachers in expanding technology in classrooms.
Work is an adventure, instead of a routine grind.
Work is an assured right and a responsibility leading to a productive and self-sustaining society.
Work is an attitude that delights in effort.
Work is an easy escape route from conflicts in relationship.
Work is an ego booster in the morning and a challenge soon after.
Work is an employment service that expedites hiring in the legal industry.
Work is an energy transfer process.
Work is an essential ingredient of the divinely created order.
Work is an essential ingredient of treatment.
Work is an essential means by which each person contributes to the common good.
Work is an essential part of our life.
Work is an extension of life.
Work is an important part of a person's life.
Work is an important part of living.
Work is an important part of our identities.
Work is an integral aspect of life.
Work is an OK thing.
Work is an opportunity for ministry .
Work is another little god.
Work is another one.
Work is another technical term in physics.
Work is apparently due to begin on an official sequel before the end of the year.
Work is appropriate.
Work is approved and directed by a faculty member.
Work is aproximately load balanced as the computational window moves down the diagonal.
Work is arduous, dirty, and frequently hazardous.
Work is arranged alphabetically, with an index to the artists by medium of expression.
Work is as a trainee while receiving assignments designed for development.
Work is as an educational consultant and facilitator, mostly regarding student behavior.
Work is as much a source of dignity as it is a source of income.
Work is as much about meaning as it is about money.
Work is as natural as play and therefore people desire to work.
Work is as necessary as bread.
Work is as usual.
Work is assessed by a mixture of coursework and examinations.
Work is assessed by examination and course work, including the dissertation.
Work is assessed by examination and course work.
Work is assessed in a variety of ways rather than by the traditional single exam.
Work is assigned and reviewed by a supervisor in the specialty area.
Work is assigned and reviewed on a daily basis.
Work is assigned by a coordinator.
Work is assigned by standard office routines in force.
Work is assigned by standard work orders.
Work is assigned in detail and reviewed daily.
Work is assigned in detail each day and reviewed daily, weekly, and upon completion.
Work is assigned on a daily basis according to established priorities.
Work is assigned on a rotational basis and verbally.
Work is assigned through work order slips and verbal discussion.
Work is assigned to associates on an informal, ad hoc basis.
Work is assigned to the appropriate trades person or mechanic and orders are placed for materials.
Work is assigned verbally by a charge or shift nurse or physician.
Work is assigned verbally or in writing by the unit supervisor.
Work is assigned verbally or in writing.
Work is assigned verbally or through written work orders.
Work is assigned verbally, or through written work orders.
Work is assigned with detailed and specific instructions and guidance.
Work is assigned with little instruction or guidance except for unprecedented survey problems.
Work is assigned with little or no guidance even on surveys with complex problems.
Work is associated with forces that overcome resistance.
Work is at a minimal level of difficulty.
Work is at an advanced stage at the regional level.
Work is at an earlier stage.
Work is at an early stage.
Work is at an instructional level.
Work is at client sites across the U.S., with all expenses paid.
Work is at client sites in the Washington DC area.
Work is at hand on the landscaping of the entrance area.
Work is at the data-accumulation stage.
Work is at the location of our concessions.
Work is authorized for specific employer only.
Work is available at all levels.
Work is available at fine craft stores and museum shops nationwide and directly from the artist.
Work is available days, evenings, weekdays and weekends.
Work is available days, evenings, weekdays, weekends.
Work is available either within the university or with external companies.
Work is available for all ability and skill levels.
Work is available for credit or work study.
Work is available for everyone regardless of skill level.
Work is available for purchase and cosignment.
Work is available for sale or by commission.
Work is available in a variety of areas including exhibits, children's tours, etc.
Work is available in archaeology at many levels and utilizes people s skills from many disciplines.
Work is available in the UK and in other countries for successful candidates.
Work is available on a limited basis for dinner.
Work is available seven days a week in all shifts.
Work is available through on-campus departments.
Work is available through the end of the summer and the length of the internship is negotiable.
Work is available throughout the country.
Work is available throughout the trucking and construction industries.
Work is available throughout the year.
Work is available year round.
Work is barely acceptable.
Work is based in small teams.
Work is based on original surveys.
Work is based on short-term contracts for either part or all of the duration of the assignment.
Work is basic to existence.
Work is basically fun.
Work is basically the way that people seek to redeem their lives from futility.
Work is batched by library, so that setting changes are kept to a minimum.
Work is begun on a survey of relief and resettlement opportunities.
Work is begun on the interior ceiling planking and the deck framing toward the stern of the vessel.
Work is believed to be completed around late spring.
Work is below average.
Work is better than talk.
Work is better than welfare.
Work is better when there's the promise of being able to drop out for a while.
Work is bid on a project basis.
Work is billable, weekly.
Work is billed by the project or by the hour.
Work is billed on a per hour fee schedule.
Work is billed on an hourly basis.
Work is bolded on due date.
Work is books.
Work is boring, etc.
Work is boring.
Work is both a necessary requirement for a good life and a vehicle for a good life.
Work is both functional and decorative.
Work is both in-house or on clients sites.
Work is both local and national, and includes high profile class-action cases.
Work is both the unfolding and the probing of our prayer.
Work is bracing, work is strength, and cultivates the sense of mastery and conquest.
Work is broad in scope, covering one or more functional areas.
Work is bullshit.
Work is busy as usual.
Work is busy but interesting.
Work is busy, and the winter festivities are approaching.
Work is by far our major life activity.
Work is calculated by the following formula.
Work is called work for a reason.
Work is capable of pain.
Work is carelessly, hastily, or messily done.
Work is carried out according to modern techniques and necessary training is provided.
Work is carried out at the global, regional and national levels.
Work is carried out at week-ends and far into the night and early morning.
Work is carried out by our specially trained conservator.
Work is carried out in a dedicated environment and accessed regularly during the lunch hour.
Work is carried out in a team environment requiring strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Work is carried out in an atmosphere of mutual respect.
Work is carried out in partnership with industry.
Work is carried out in small groups in close cooperation with experienced researchers.
Work is carried out in the landscape as well as in the studio.
Work is carried out independently.
Work is carried out on either a fixed bid or hourly rate.
Work is carried out somewhere, and many kinds of work include handling of risky things.
Work is carried out through commission and can take place either in the studio or on site.
Work is carried out throughout the country.
Work is carried out to order or for individual customers.
Work is carried out under the guidance of a faculty member.
Work is carried out where ever it is most suitable.
Work is carried out within an inert atmosphere.
Work is carried out within broad guidelines, but informed guidance is available.
Work is centered in Chapel Hill, but requires travel and consultation around the state.
Work is centered on rapid tooling processes for die compaction and powder injection molding tooling.
Work is central to all of our lives.
Work is central to our identity and sense of well-being.
Work is central to the human experience.
Work is changing - from real to virtual OK, so it is a statement of the obvious.
Work is characterized by a high degree of judgment, discretion, and initiative.
Work is characterized by a variety of complex clerical, accounting and record-keeping duties.
Work is characterized by complex record-keeping, technical and analytical duties.
Work is characterized by judgment, discretion and initiative in the completion of assignments.
Work is characterized by sitting for long time periods while working on a computer terminal.
Work is characterized by technical, administrative and planning responsibilities.
Work is characterized by the regular use of independent judgment and discretion.
Work is characterized by the requirement for initiative, independent judgment and discretion.
Work is chargeable, but no account number is provided.
Work is charged at a daily rate.
Work is charged by the Day and is negotiable.
Work is charged on an hourly basis.
Work is charged to an account nominated by the supervisor.
Work is checked at completion of projects.
Work is checked by the teacher.
Work is checked during progress and is reviewed for accuracy upon completion.
Work is checked for workmanship and compliance with instructions.
Work is checked frequently.
Work is checked in progress or on completion.
Work is checked in progress, and upon completion, reviewed for accuracy and validity.
Work is chosen on literary merit.
Work is chosen on the basis of quality and space available.
Work is close by and readily available.
Work is close to completion on assembling all current vegetation data bases for the state.
Work is closer to people.
Work is cohesive, original and insightful.
Work is collected in a portfolio that is reviewed at the end of each semester.
Work is colorful and fairly neat.
Work is colorful and neat.
Work is compete and exhibits sound analysis.
Work is complete and exhibits sophisticated analysis.
Work is complete at the close of day.
Work is complete on the complementary experiment, which is providing insight for the jet experiment.
Work is complete on time with few errors.
Work is complete, and being prepared for publication.
Work is complete.
Work is completed and a time sheet is returned to the juvenile department.
Work is completed at the student's work pace and help is given on an individual basis.
Work is completed by the webmaster or one of several student web designers.
Work is completed except for punch list items.
Work is completed faster, quality control is easier, and eye strain is reduced.
Work is completed in a timely and efficient manner.
Work is completed in the order received.
Work is completed in time given.
Work is completed independently following established guidelines.
Work is completed independently with limited review.
Work is completed independently without close supervision.
Work is completed on a first come, first serve basis.
Work is completed on a time and materials basis unless an estimate or fixed-price bid is requested.
Work is completed on club level seating.
Work is completed on schedule and with the minimum of disruption to existing office routines.
Work is completed on the generation of two plasmid constructs for disruption of the gene.
Work is completed on time and delivered via e-mail , fax, modem, messenger, overnight or U.S. mail.
Work is completed on time and meets minimum criteria of the assignment.
Work is completed on time.
Work is completed quickly and efficiently.
Work is completed through drafting, rendering, and model building.
Work is completed through group and individual projects.
Work is completed under close supervision and review.
Work is completed under close supervision.
Work is completed under committee supervision.
Work is completed under general supervision.
Work is completed using computers.
Work is completed with considerable independence, subject to review by an administrative superior.
Work is completed with general review.
Work is completed without interruption.
Work is completely portable.
Work is complicated by the nature of the assigned caseload.
Work is comprised of three volumes.
Work is concentrated on interpreting scripts and creating credible, complex characters.
Work is conducted at several scientific institutes and enterprises.
Work is conducted both on site in natural habitats and in the laboratory.
Work is conducted both on site in natural habitats and the laboratory.
Work is conducted differently because of technology.
Work is conducted in all kinds of weather.
Work is conducted in an office, laboratory or on-site.
Work is conducted in collaboration with industrial partners.
Work is conducted in English, so no knowledge of Hebrew is required.
Work is conducted independently, reviewed in general and through staff meetings.
Work is conducted individually or in groups.
Work is conducted on an assignment basis and reviewed through conferences and evaluation of results.
Work is conducted on an offshore island seven nights per week weather and sea conditions permitting.
Work is conducted through a variety of task groups, committees and sections.
Work is conducted via a class Web site and text-based communication via email.
Work is conducted with groups as well as with individuals and families.
Work is conducted with trust in the correctness of drawings and labels.
Work is considered an important part of the educational process.
Work is considered late if it is handed in after it has been handed back or discussed in class.
Work is consistently outstanding and surpasses acceptable guidelines.
Work is consistently thorough.
Work is constant even during economic slowdowns.
Work is constant.
Work is constantly underway on implementations of Icon for new platforms.
Work is contemporary, thoughtful and often playful.
Work is continually in progress.
Work is continued in individual communities, completing the communities action plans.
Work is contracted for fees from which members are paid.
Work is contracted on either a retainer or a project basis.
Work is controlled by routine review and reporting to or consultation with supervisors.
Work is controlled by routine review and reporting to or consulting with supervisors.
Work is controlled by routine review and reporting to or consulting with the supervisors.
Work Is Cool.
Work is coordinated by the college.
Work is copied without attribution from, for example, the Internet.
Work is correct and complete.
Work is crazy.
Work is created in several media.
Work is created on the computer.
Work is created within the framework of special contexts.
Work is critical to project success.
Work is currently ahead of schedule.
Work is currently in progress in the following areas.
Work is currently in progress on the construction of a new gas grid.
Work is currently in progress on the segmentation and classification of the images.
Work is currently in progress on two projects.
Work is currently in progress to build the testbed.
Work is currently in progress to upgrade the systems, and some switches have already been changed.
Work is currently in the testing stage.
Work is currently on going in two other basins.
Work is currently ongoing to determine the thermal conductivity of the laminated specimens.
Work is currently ongoing to improve the anthrax vaccine since it has certain technical limitations.
Work is currently on-going.
Work is currently ongoing.
Work is currently output on archival papers and conventionally framed.
Work is currently under way on selecting and judging the documents for inclusion in the list.
Work is currently under way on the floor plan and elevations.
Work is currently under way on the other projects and they are promising to be just as spectacular.
Work is currently under way to classify exactly what effects different assumptions make.
Work is currently under way to create the survey.
Work is currently under way to fabricate a full bar-code reader on a chip.
Work is currently under way to improve the handling of the very large amounts of simulation data.
Work is currently under way to reduce export cargo dwell time.
Work is currently under way to stabilize the stone foundation walls and framing of the lower levels.
Work is currently under way to streamline and automate the updating process.
Work is currently underway all over the site, with major updates to be announced soon.
Work is currently underway at rates unprecedented.
Work is currently underway fitting the wheels on which the dome turns and the shutters for the slit.
Work is currently underway on a review draft.
Work is currently underway on an African-American pyramid, as well.
Work is currently underway on improving the use of metadata on the Web.
Work is currently underway on new software for the lab-end.
Work is currently underway on profiles for t wo provinces.
Work is currently underway on the costs of the enhancements.
Work is currently underway on the database facilities for the archive, and on the pipeline modules.
Work is currently underway on the two-lane roadway, stations and the linear park.
Work is currently underway to build new facilities, including an earthquake resistant wharf.
Work is currently underway to carry out the recommendations.
Work is currently underway to clarify the presence of the two fat snook species.
Work is currently underway to compile the final version of the plan.
Work is currently underway to conserve the collection and the room in which the displays are housed.
Work is currently underway to develop a methodology for the prediction of residual fatigue life.
Work is currently underway to develop a training program for builders and homeowners in the area.
Work is currently underway to develop an updated version of the guideline.
Work is currently underway to develop the coastline's potential as a beach area.
Work is currently underway to explore the use of robotics in the milking parlor.
Work is currently underway to find and list the best of the regional boat shows.
Work is currently underway to further identify the viral isolate.
Work is currently underway to gather imagery of the coral reef around Hawaii.
Work is currently underway to identify all affected systems.
Work is currently underway to improve the way bias calibration files are computed.
Work is currently underway to introduce the system into cotton for further testing.
Work is currently underway to make the process more economical.
Work is currently underway to narrow the rescuing region to a single gene.
Work is currently underway to provide access to the outputs on the Internet.
Work is currently underway to renovate the three floors for our use.
Work is currently underway to sonify the frequency domain animation.
Work is currently underway to study individual reactions with the use of particle detector.
Work is currently underway to test the associations with health outcomes, such as mortality rates.
Work is currently underway, as a precautionary measure, to see how best to develop a vaccine.
Work is currently underway.
Work is days or evenings and every other weekend.
Work is dedicated to improving access to the science curriculum to students with disabilities.
Work is defined as a force over distance.
Work is defined as a force times distance.
Work is defined as force acting on an object in the direction of motion.
Work is defined as force acting over a distance.
Work is defined as force multiplied by displacement.
Work is defined as force over a distance , and work is another word for energy .
Work is defined as force over a distance, and work is another word for energy.
Work is defined as force times displacement.
Work is defined as the action of a force over a path.
Work is defined as the transfer of energy.
Work is defined simply as a force times the distance over which that force acts.
Work is definitely more interesting.
Work is delayed by wet weather.
Work is dependent on a cultural resource survey.
Work is detailed for each rotation.
Work is detail-oriented.
Work is dialogue .
Work is different from task duration.
Work is different.
Work Is Difficult .
Work is difficult here and everywhere.
Work is difficult to make up.
Work is difficult to read and messy.
Work is dignity and caring and the foundation for a life with meaning.
Work is directed by the employer and evaluated jointly with the faculty supervisor.
Work is directed primarily at design and requirements rather than actual software development.
Work is directed primarily at radial zones.
Work is directed toward explaining the pathogenesis of chromosomal translocations.
Work is discussed in class, and students are encouraged to submit articles for publication.
Work is discussed in regular critiques and examined in terms of current art issues.
Work is displayed and identified only by a number.
Work is displayed as both realia and slide format.
Work is displayed by artists so that each piece is perfectly in harmony with the whole.
Work is displayed for approximately three months.
Work is displayed in the galleries abbreviated after their names.
Work is distance times force.
Work is distributed among available threads according to the specified scheduling algorithm.
Work is distributed among team members fairly and according to job skills.
Work is distributed in an irrational way, says one insider.
Work is distributed on an informal basis.
Work is diverse, non-repetitive and less structured than many other positions.
Work is divided evenly between civil engineering and architecture.
Work is divided into two phases.
Work is divine.
Work is done after school.
Work is done almost exclusively in the foreign language.
Work is done any time there is motion against some opposing force.
Work is done as the bonds shift during deformation.
Work is done as the upper gas is pushed out.
Work is done at company-owned or independent shops.
Work is done at our location.
Work is done at the cellular and molecular levels.
Work is done both in the church and at home.
Work is done both indoors and out in virtually every country in the world.
Work is done both with and without a calculator.
Work is done by skilled trades, to professional standards.
Work is done by the flow to turn the turbine and the shaft.
Work is done by the student with a minimum of faculty supervision.
Work is done by the student with faculty supervision.
Work is done by the system.
Work is done by volunteer handymen who want to help others.
Work is done by volunteers and contractors who donate their time.
Work is done by volunteers from the community and funds go directly to the benefit of the students.
Work is done by volunteers.
Work is done during the year, to the extent possible, to restore capacity to the streams.
Work is done for tonight.
Work is done from client-supplied information, references, etc.
Work is done in a clean room.
Work is done in a dedicated animal cell culture laboratory.
Work is done in a friendly, efficient manner, as quickly as possible.
Work is done in all four language skills of speaking, reading, listening and writing.
Work is done in all major art periods.
Work is done in an efficient manner.
Work is done in both group and family therapy.
Work is done in both plenary sessions and sub-groups.
Work is done in both shallow and deep water.
Work is done in both two and three dimensions.
Work is done in creation of original copy and layout.
Work is done in exchange for room and board.
Work is done in five laboratories equipped for neurophysiological and neuroanatomical techniques.
Work is done in frantic spurts between meetings.
Work is done in French.
Work is done in groups from beginner to advanced levels.
Work is done in industrial plants, commercial and residential buildings.
Work is done in pairs and in small groups.
Work is done in pairs or together in class.
Work is done in preparation for the senior project.
Work is done in project teams.
Work is done in sequence as determined by employer.
Work is done in steel, stainless steel, alloys, aluminum and any type of machinable plastic.
Work is done in teams that balance the computer backgrounds of the students.
Work is done in teams through a tool called the diagnostic change model.
Work is done in teams.
Work is done in the closet.
Work is done in the customer's home or business, so the work environment varies.
Work is done in the field as well as in laboratories.
Work is done in the field by workers with basic finish carpentry skills.
Work is done in the piano lab with the privacy of headphones.
Work is done in the store.
Work is done in the studio and on location.
Work is done in the United States.
Work is done in Venezuela, but most of the clients are foreign.
Work is done independently of the regularly scheduled classes.
Work is done individually, in pairs, and groups.
Work is done inside and outside, depending on the construction.
Work is done mostly indoors.
Work is done often exclusively by men or women.
Work is done on a computer.
Work is done on a contingency basis.
Work is done on a contract basis.
Work is done on a first come - first served basis.
Work is done on a laser disk and follows a student through all the grades.
Work is done on a new email list.
Work is done on a volunteer basis by members.
Work is done on an object when a force or a component of a force acts along the object's path.
Work is done on an object whenever a force causes a displacement.
Work is done on an object whenever it moves because it is pushed or pulled.
Work is done on cars brought in for service.
Work is done on employer's premises.
Work is done on making the collection of files available online.
Work is done on matter when matter is either pushed, pulled or lifted over some distance.
Work is done on other state vehicles outside the department on a charge out basis.
Work is done on our premises in a modern facility with excellent quality control.
Work is done on personal computer and mainframe platforms.
Work is done on sample panels and turnings.
Work is done on shaft and crook.
Work is done on the ball until there is no kinetic energy left.
Work is done on the basis of voluntary cooperation.
Work is done on the car by an applied force that originates in the engine.
Work is done on the charged particles.
Work is done on the designated objects.
Work is done on the handle, which in turn does work on the head, which does work on a nail.
Work is done on the system.
Work is done on time.
Work is done only if the object is moved.
Work is done only under minimal supervision and is reviewed by observation and objectives obtained.
Work is done only under minimal supervision.
Work is done out of love.
Work is done out of our homes.
Work is done quickly and skillfully.
Work is done quickly, uniformly and close to tolerances.
Work is done right the first time.
Work is done strictly in the order in which it is submitted.
Work is done to a machine as well as by a machine.
Work is done to stop a moving object.
Work is done under a variety of working conditions and irregular hours.
Work is done under and above ground.
Work is done under contract, and the cost for each species is the same.
Work is done under general supervision.
Work is done under minimal supervision and is reviewed by observation and objectives obtained.
Work is done under the direction of a faculty member from the department.
Work is done under the direction of local site supervisors.
Work is done under the supervision of one member of staff.
Work is done using a foot, knee, elbow, chin - whatever works best for a particular individual.
Work is done when a force acts on an object over a distance.
Work is done when a force acts through a distance.
Work is done when a force is applied on a object through a given distance.
Work is done when a force is applied through a distance.
Work is done when a force is applied to an object through a distance.
Work is done when a force moves an object through a distance.
Work is done when a force moves something.
Work is done when a force that is applied to an object moves that object.
Work is done when A. a force is applied to an object.
Work is done when force moves an object.
Work is done when the force of gravity pulls the coaster down a hill.
Work is done when the form of energy changes.
Work is done whenever a force or a component of a force results in a displacement.
Work is done whenever a force results in a displacement.
Work is done with a faculty sponsor.
Work is done with an emphasis on efficiency and productivity.
Work is done with both blueprints and models.
Work is done with faculty consultation and guidance.
Work is done with hand tools and oxen.
Work is done with individual students and groups.
Work is done with minimal supervision.
Work is done with traditional hand tools to teach discipline and manual dexterity.
Work is done within the parameters of defined policies, guidelines and statutes.
Work is done without the benefits of metal, modern equipment, commercial materials or animal fuels.
Work is done without unnecessary intervention of supervisor or other higher level management.
Work is done, progress is achieved, and all is right with the world.
Work is done, so one is seated.
Work is done.
Work is due as assigned.
Work is due as listed on calendar.
Work is due at an assigned class time with a late penalty after that.
Work is due at class time on the due date.
Work is due at scheduled times.
Work is due at specified times.
Work is due at the appointed deadline for full credit.
Work is due at the beginning of class of the designated date.
Work is due at the beginning of class on lab day.
Work is due at the beginning of class on the day it is supposed to come in.
Work is due at the beginning of class.
Work is due at the beginning of the class for which it is assigned.
Work is due at the beginning of the class of the specified date.
Work is due at the beginning of the class period.
Work is due at the beginning of the course meetings.
Work is due at the beginning of the next class meeting.
Work is due at the next class meeting.
Work is due at the start of class .
Work is due at the start of class on day specified.
Work is due at the start of class.
Work is due at the time the teacher asks for it on the assigned day.
Work is due every day of the week.
Work is due on a weekly basis.
Work is due on specified dates.
Work is due on the date announced .
Work is due on the date assigned at the beginning of class.
Work is due on the date indicated on the schedule or when assigned following class discussion.
Work is due on the date specified by the instructor.
Work is due on the date specified.
Work is due on the due date.
Work is due to begin on the seven-year project at the end of the year.
Work is due when it is called for.
Work is due when it is scheduled.
Work is due when scheduled.
Work is due whenscheduled.
Work is dull.
Work is easier and more convenient to accomplish.
Work is easier now.
Work is easier to find since the American companies are moving in.
Work is easiest when it's shared.
Work is easy.
Work is either in studio or on location, and is fairly physically demanding.
Work is either perfect or incomplete.
Work is either team initiated or in response to requests or concerns from citizens.
Work is elevated to a panacea, the cornerstone of the new system.
Work is eligible without regard to the language in which it originally appeared.
Work is energy that has been used.
Work is energy.
Work is equal to the product of the force and the distance through which it produces movement.
Work is equal to the product of the force used to move something and the distance that it is moved.
Work is essential to connecting movement-building with people's everyday lives.
Work is essential to health and self esteem.
Work is essentially complete with the exception of some shoulder work.
Work is estimated by appropriate shops on an at-cost basis.
Work is estimated by counting operands and operators in a loop.
Work is evaluated at midterm and final reviews by the entire faculty.
Work is evaluated based on written reports and results achieved.
Work is evaluated based upon results achieved.
Work is evaluated by observation and in terms of customer reaction and financial operating results.
Work is evaluated by review of program results, reports, and client evaluations.
Work is evaluated by review of progress and activity reports and by field visits.
Work is evaluated by the same standards that apply in non-honors classes.
Work is evaluated for quality, portion control and customer satisfaction.
Work is evaluated in an oral examination with an outside expert.
Work is evaluated in terms of results achieved.
Work is evaluated on basis of periodic reports and acceptance of teaching material by users.
Work is evaluated on the basis of conferences, reports and results achieved.
Work is evaluated on the basis of conferences, reports and results obtained.
Work is evaluated on the basis of content, style, organization, format, credibility, and appearance.
Work is evaluated on the basis of results achieved.
Work is evaluated on the basis of results obtained on established performance indicators.
Work is evaluated on the basis of results obtained.
Work is evaluated primarily on the basis of results achieved.
Work is evaluated primarily on the basis of results obtained.
Work is evaluated through a review of reports, recommendations, and completed cases.
Work is evaluated through conferences and on the basis of results obtained.
Work is evaluated through conferences and reports and on the basis of results achieved.
Work is evaluated through conferences and review of reports.
Work is evaluated through conferences and the results of completed assignments.
Work is evaluated through conferences, reports and observation of results obtained.
Work is evaluated through review of reports and results obtained.
Work is even underway to use tissue samples to determine the age of an individual. .
Work is every weekend and some evening work.
Work is everything, and people are desperate to land a good job.
Work is everything.
Work is everywhere.
Work is evidence of applied theories.
Work is excellent therapy.
Work is exceptional.
Work is executed with confidence.
Work is exhibited and critiqued on site by outside adjudicators.
Work is exhibited throughout the semester.
Work is expended energy.
Work is external to the worker. . . .
Work is extracted by expanding the hot gases through a turbine. .
Work is facilitated by a certified art therapist and clinical social worker.
Work is far from over, despite the fires having been contained months ago.
Work is farthest advanced in the areas closest to the highrise and is proceding outward from that.
Work is fascinating.
Work is felt as a burden to be endured, hardships are exaggerated.
Work is filled with mechanical errors and lacks completeness of thought and logic.
Work is finalized and delivered.
Work is fine.
Work is finished late.
Work is finished.
Work is fired in raku, electric and high fire gas reduction kilns.
Work is first.
Work is focused around the preparation and presentation of several scene projects.
Work is focused on prompt completion and no new projects are to be set up before that.
Work is focused on system dynamics control, fluid flow control, and flow-induced vibration.
Work is focused on understanding the biological activity of high molecular weight phenolics.
Work is focused on understanding the forces that shape genetic variation in natural populations.
Work is focussed on the development of controlled free radical polymerisation.
Work is followed by a final oral examination and documentation appropriate to the project.
Work is for a utility company.
Work is for improvement, perfection, proof of skills.
Work is for people who don t fly paragliders.
Work is for suckers.
Work is for the sake of leisure.
Work is force acting through a distance, which can be seen, in translational and angular movement.
Work is force times distance against resistance.
Work is forwarded to that area the submission processing center has assigned the task of data entry.
Work is found mostly in farms which occupy sheep, goats and horses.
Work is free of deadlines.
Work is frequently stressful.
Work is frustrating, with threats of legal action looming.
Work is full of little fish and bigger fish.
Work is full time or part time and can be seasonal if desired.
Work is full-time including evenings and weekends.
Work is full-time with payment at competitive rates.
Work is fun and fast-paced.
Work is fun that way.
Work is fun to the entrepreneur who is true to their interests.
Work is fun, and busy, as U'una'i is the only provider of free legal services on the island.
Work is fun.
Work is geared toward new technologies that enhance the utilization of forages and grains by cattle.
Work is generally boring, unfulfilling and oppressive.
Work is generally due two class periods after it is assigned.
Work is generally good for our mental health.
Work is generally hard to find and life is tough.
Work is generally of a critical or confidential nature.
Work is generally outdoors, often dealing with machines or equipment.
Work is generally standardized and repetitive in an organizational hierarchy.
Work is generally subject to review.
Work is generated by the acceptance of customer orders.
Work is generated through percents, geometric topics, and problem solving skills.
Work is given limited review.
Work is global.
Work is good and relatively stress free.
Work is good around here, and journeymen bricklayers are hard to find.
Work is good for kids.
Work is good therapy.
Work is good, but busy.
Work is good, but non-work is good, too.
Work is good.
Work is graded on research methodology, result, and reporting.
Work is graded.
Work is great therapy.
Work is great, and there are many good honest skills that can be learned from work.
Work is great.
Work is guaranteed.
Work is guided by well defined procedures and work rules.
Work is hands on, supervised, to understand theories, application - to see, smell, taste go beyond.
Work is happiness.
Work is hard and hours can be long, but gratification level is high.
Work is hard by the yard, But a cinch by the inch.
Work is hard enough.
Work is hard to find, sporadic and pays very little.
Work is hard to find.
Work is hard, and busy.
Work is hard.
Work is hazardous to our health.
Work is hazardous when it involves dangerous or risky activities.
Work is healthy.
Work is heavily percussive, multiple meter.
Work is hectic as well, with more flight miles than quake miles being logged right now.
Work is hectic, home life even more so, and juggling all the conflicting demands is difficult.
Work is hectic.
Work is here.
Work is highly competitive and often available on a part-time basis only.
Work is highly skilled, assignments require perfect registration.
Work is holy.
Work is home based, so anyone anywhere can request information.
Work is honorable and ennobling, depending on the type of work one does .
Work is hugely successful now.
Work is human activities.
Work is hung in the hallway for everyone to enjoy.
Work is imminent on lighting, repaving and planting.
Work is important to the entrepreneur because it provides Economic returns.
Work is important to the quality of life.
Work is important too.
Work is important, but family is our top priority.
Work is important, but other things are also important.
Work is important, but there are so many more important things than work.
Work is important, of course.
Work is important.
Work is in a center-based program.
Work is in black and white.
Work is in Bulgaria and at home.
Work is in color and black and white.
Work is in fine arts.
Work is in full swing to develop Old Cairo into the world's first-ever religious complex.
Work is in hand and advice is available.
Work is in hand to increase the wetland habitat to increase numbers of nesting birds.
Work is in Jeddah.
Work is in non-profit, public sector.
Work is in process for refining the model and incorporating the Lake Ontario regulation plan.
Work is in process to procure gravel.
Work is in progress , be patient.
Work is in progress and changes are likely to occour frequently.
Work is in progress at all times.
Work is in progress at several park locations to remove exotics.
Work is in progress every day, and a seal colony can be observed from the workshop.
Work is in progress for an online catalog with shopping cart capabilities and e-commerce.
Work is in progress for online playing.
Work is in progress for other continents.
Work is in progress for stand-alone versions of the other programs listed above.
Work is in progress for the establishment of a campus network.
Work is in progress in all three areas and some highlights are summarised in the following sections.
Work is in progress in all three areas.
Work is in progress in deriving more complex distribution of data and iterations along with tiling.
Work is in progress in several other states.
Work is in progress in that regard.
Work is in progress on a number of other positions.
Work is in progress on a preliminary map of the results.
Work is in progress on a script.
Work is in progress on a transect of cores from Burial Lake.
Work is in progress on building access to databases by subject.
Work is in progress on creating a newsgroup for CVS-related topics.
Work is in progress on determining soil properties that govern arsenic uptake by plants.
Work is in progress on developing new teaching materials for other grades.
Work is in progress on including photos for all birds.
Work is in progress on mechanistic aspects of the denitrogenation reaction.
Work is in progress on new types of fiber- optic sensors.
Work is in progress on optical time domain reflectometry.
Work is in progress on oral and inhaled immunotherapy.
Work is in progress on several other products.
Work is in progress on the development of research dossiers for use in schools.
Work is in progress on the golf course design and stakeout for the single family sections.
Work is in progress on the identification of exocrine secretions of a number of hymenopteran types.
Work is in progress on the processing of monolithic glassy bodies synthesised by the sol-gel method.
Work is in progress on the senior gift, and the river clean-up was very successful.
Work is in progress on three more projects testing new pay and classification systems.
Work is in progress to add additional countries.
Work is in progress to analyze and reduce discrepancies.
Work is in progress to analyze new spectroscopic data with substantially better precision.
Work is in progress to assess applications to protein chemistry.
Work is in progress to be more quantitative.
Work is in progress to bring out a compendium on the rational use of essential drugs.
Work is in progress to build and make available a spectral library of galaxy models.
Work is in progress to characterize non-coding and upstream and downstream regulatory sequences.
Work is in progress to check if the protocol layer is the same.
Work is in progress to create a services Web site.
Work is in progress to create image files using pull.
Work is in progress to design an allocation schedule for future purchases and routine upgrades.
Work is in progress to develop a portable imaging unit for full-scale field tests at bridge sites.
Work is in progress to develop additional computer-related laws.
Work is in progress to develop the next generation of arbovirus diagnostic tests.
Work is in progress to elucidate the steps in the entry pathway which lead to infection.
Work is in progress to enter the house in the historic registry.
Work is in progress to examine infants with laryngomalacia, as well as other healthy infants.
Work is in progress to explore several elements of networking technology.
Work is in progress to explore the relationship between extra- and intracellular reduction states.
Work is in progress to fix the problem and restore normal service.
Work is in progress to genetically engineer hw.
Work is in progress to have a strong showing.
Work is in progress to identify a suitable strain of seed virus for vaccine production.
Work is in progress to improve the condition of major highways.
Work is in progress to improve the layout and update the information.
Work is in progress to include other options.
Work is in progress to incorporate negation, cuts and parallelism.
Work is in progress to isolate the active components of the herbal mixture.
Work is in progress to make hub multi-homed.
Work is in progress to obtain fungal resistant transgenic tobacco, potato and rice plants.
Work is in progress to obtain stable transgenic rice plants.
Work is in progress to protect it against further landslide damage.
Work is in progress to provide more space at each site for more classrooms and special needs areas.
Work is in progress to provide web-based information.
Work is in progress to recover the program and bring the service back on line.
Work is in progress to re-evaluate and refine the economic thresholds for fungicide use on rice.
Work is in progress to remeasure the grating set.
Work is in progress to resolve certain security issues.
Work is in progress to resolve the problem.
Work is in progress to set up a 'Let's Talk' feedback session at the Annual Meeting.
Work is in progress to show ideas responding to the committee.
Work is in progress to understand the mechanisms involved in the change in response to estradiol.
Work is in progress to use both approaches for projecting change to watersheds.
Work is in progress towards the implementation of quantum devices based on the above nanoparticles.
Work is in progress towards the migration of the entire archive to the new magneto-optical system.
Work is in progress with three additional projects.
Work is in progress, but feel free to explore.
Work is in progress, though, and a more comprehensive version is promised in the near future.
Work is in progress.
Work is in retail management.
Work is in rural areas, often from home.
Work is in support of academic research projects.
Work is in Taiwan.
Work is in the areas of volunteerism, community education, and funding.
Work is in the Dubuque tri state area.
Work is in the early development stages.
Work is in the early stages.
Work is in the foreground, love in the middle distance or the background.
Work is in the Olean area.
Work is in the preliminary data collection stage.
Work is in the tidal buffer zone, adjacent to marsh grass.
Work is incomplete.
Work is increasingly technical.
Work is independent in nature and production oriented.
Work is independent of signature and hash algorithms and of underlying transport mechanisms.
Work is independent with minimum supervision.
Work is independent, either at home or in a designated studio.
Work is independent, whole group, small group, or peer as student requires.
Work is indispensable for the individual, for society, and for the development of nations.
Work is individual and collaborative with focused and measurable assignments.
Work is individualized based on level of musical ability and experience in a formal choral program.
Work is indoors and outdoors.
Work is indoors in a cold environment.
Work is indoors in a specific work area.
Work is inherent in what is good and is essential to Biblical manhood.
Work is initiated on developing occupant air bags for automobiles and commercial customers.
Work is input to remove heat from the cold reservoir and dump it into the hot reservoir.
Work is insane, but that's nothing new.
Work is inspected periodically for safety and economy in operation.
Work is inspected upon completion.
Work is inspected while in progress or upon completion for adherence to instructions.
Work is inspected while in progress or upon completion.
Work is instantly available.
Work is insured while on exhibit only.
Work is integrated with studies in American folklore and public history.
Work is integrated with the rest of life.
Work is intense, face it.
Work is intense.
Work is interesting.
Work is invoiced as it is performed and the retainer is applied.
Work is involved and commitment.
Work is involved in making decisions together, facing difficulty, and resisting temptation.
Work is involved, and commitment.
Work is involved, as well as commitment.
Work is irregular and very poorly paid which reinforces the cycle of poverty and child labour.
Work is jet engine related.
Work is judged on the idea, impression, artistry and technique.
Work is judgmental and discretionary in maximizing meter performance.
Work is just a bit paradoxical that way.
Work is just a part of a healthy, well-balanced life.
Work is just a way to earn money for leisure time.
Work is just as venerated as worship is.
Work is just one aspect of corporate performance.
Work is just one element of our lives and is intrinsically linked to so many other aspects.
Work is key, and self-sufficiency the goal.
Work is laboratory based with occasional fieldwork.
Work is laboratory or plant based.
Work is labor-intensive, conditions are poor, and pay is low, but it beats life in the countryside.
Work is lame.
Work is largely self-initiated and reviewed in terms of meeting goals and objectives.
Work is less and less pleasent.
Work is less than half a mile away, which is great.
Work is letterpress printed from movable type, with design, printing and most binding done in-house.
Work is life and life is work.
Work is life.
Work is light medium or heavy and they focus on the City of Albany and rural towns.
Work is like a marriage.
Work is like a vacation, a walk in the park.
Work is like flying.
Work is like marriage.
Work is likely to be scheduled at irregular times outside of regular class meeting times.
Work is likely to continue in all the countries, extending the breadth and depth of the analysis.
Work is likely to move slowly if the team is too large.
Work is likely to run into the night.
Work is limited due to the many employees.
Work is limited to employers who are located on campus and provide direct services to students.
Work is limited to the exchange of parts and maintenance requiring no open flame or welding.
Work is limited to two-dimensional paintings in any medium, including multimedia.
Work is linked to the expansion and compression of gases.
Work is linked to the following project.
Work is listed in roughly reverse chronological order.
Work is literally the measure of our days.
Work is loaded on pallets that remain set up in the system.
Work is located in desks.
Work is located in offices.
Work is love made visible.
Work is Love Made Visible.
Work Is Love Made Visible.
Work is love.
Work is made easier and outcomes of tasks are enhanced.
Work is made up at the discretion of the teacher.
Work is made up before pre-arranged absences such as vacation or early release for sports.
Work is magic.
Work is mainly in highly automated laboratories and production plants.
Work is mainly in human services and includes work in the community's schools and community centers.
Work is mainly office based and normally involves regular extra hours.
Work is marked, and then internally and externally moderated.
Work is marred by inconsistencies and misapplications.
Work is maximized when the deflection performed permits one half the blocked force to be developed.
Work is meaningful and based on each person's strengths and abilities.
Work is meaningful as an expression of individual and group purpose.
Work is measured and distributed, as are necessities like food and rest time.
Work is measured by number of forms filed per hour and average of file folders filed per month.
Work is measured by number of requests worked per day.
Work is measured in foot-pounds.
Work is measured in joules.
Work is measured in newton-meters or Joules.
Work is measured in N-meters.
Work is measured in the same units as A. force.
Work is mechanisms.
Work is messy, lacks color, details, and exactness .
Work is messy.
Work is minimal collection of other peoples ideas.
Work is minimal collection of other people's ideas.
Work is moderately strenuous, sometimes hot and sticky.
Work is moderately to highly strenuous and done at a rapid pace, requiring manual dexterity.
Work is monitored through periodic production reports and comprehensive caseload audits.
Work is monitored through periodic progress reports.
Work is more and more synonymous with learning, transferring know-how and producing knowledge.
Work Is more difficult, fractured, elusive.
Work is more fun than . . .
Work is more fun, more energizing.
Work is more fun.
Work is more important than play.
Work is more stressful, which leads to greater turn over.
Work is more than a job and a paycheck.
Work is more than a source of income, it is a source of dignity.
Work is more than earning a living.
Work is more than income.
Work is more than just a job.
Work is most likely to be done away from the university at program-approved sites.
Work is mostly neat and displays some effort.
Work is mostly neat.
Work is mostly the same thing day after day.
Work is mostly topographical surveys and measured building surveys.
Work is motivated by the goal of compensation.
Work is motivated by the goal of money.
Work is movement against an opposing force.
Work is much more fun than fun.
Work is nature's medicine.
Work is near complete.
Work is nearly complete on some elevators and is about to get underway on others.
Work is nearly complete.
Work is neat and accurate.
Work is neat and displays effort.
Work is neat and easy to read.
Work is neat and tidy.
Work is neat, easy to read and appealing to look at.
Work is neat.
Work is necessary and a pleasure.
Work is necessary for the accomplishment of nearly all lasting change.
Work is necessary to sustain and enhance human life.
Work is necessary.
Work is needed but worth the investment.
Work is needed in the frontiers of science and in the frontiers of the pyramid of mind.
Work is needed mostly on negotiation and long term strategy.
Work is needed on both symptom alleviation and control.
Work is needed on classified staff recommendations.
Work is needed to determine the different sources of energy and their seasonal dynamics.
Work is needed to determine the species, amounts, and the degree of toxicity of salts.
Work is needed to expand exports.
Work is needed to figure out how a node can compute a local or source route.
Work is needed to specify how such contextual clues are represented.
Work is needed to understand what the Internet means to research.
Work is never an acceptable excuse for missing a performance or rehearsal .
Work is never an excuse.
Work is nine to five.
Work is no dishonor.
Work is no longer just a job.
Work is no longer necessarily in an office.
Work is no stranger to travel.
Work is non-technical and relatively simple clerical.
Work is normally fairly constant around the year and is less 'seasonal' than diving work.
Work is normally of a confidential nature.
Work is now crucial.
Work is now focused on developing the site and infrastructure.
Work is now in hand to enable schools and colleges to study on the island.
Work is now in progress on an advanced usage of the web.
Work is now in progress on the two additional ESTs previously localized in the critical region.
Work is now in progress on three ballast wagons.
Work is now in progress to apply the earlier developed post-processing technique.
Work is now in progress to create a new table in the FIS data warehouse.
Work is now in progress to implement the decision.
Work is now in progress.
Work is now struggle, and emptiness.
Work is now the ultimate sacred excuse.
Work is now under way to change the appearance of the ground by making it completely enclosed.
Work is now under way to develop knapsack, automobile and helicopter modifications of the detector.
Work is now under way to excavate and restore the ruined temples.
Work is now under way to rebuild the shelter.
Work is now under way to re-open as many as possible over the next six weeks.
Work is now underway by a stakeholder group to draft permanent rules for the Catawba River Basin.
Work is now underway on a Linux device driver for the board.
Work is now underway on several of the projects, with a number of others in the planning stages.
Work is now underway on the new measures, under the guidance of experts from the building industry.
Work is now underway to adopt new standards for geography, economics, civics and history as well.
Work is now underway to assign the entire vibrational spectrum using normal coordinate analysis.
Work is now underway to bring the entire process in-house for the current tax year.
Work is now underway to build additional redundancy through mirroring and off-site storage.
Work is now underway to cobble together a compromise.
Work is now underway to develop methods to generate optimal oxygen levels in production systems.
Work is now underway to draft such an ordinance.
Work is now underway to expand our regional airport into an international air cargo hub.
Work is now underway to fill in that particular reservoir with soil.
Work is now underway to improve processing efficiency.
Work is now underway to organise the installation of specialist wiring, equipment and fixtures.
Work is now underway to plan for the building expansions proposed in the Plan.
Work is now underway to provide a museum for public viewing.
Work is now underway to remove the right hand orbital maneuvering system pod next week.
Work is now underway to restore some of the old farm buildings and add new ones.
Work is now underway to seamlessly integrate the backfiles with the current online journals.
Work is now underway to update and expand the docket.
Work is now underway.
Work is nuts.
Work is observed and reviewed both in progress and upon completion.
Work is obviously a necessary and an important part of life.
Work is of a complex nature requiring judgment in researching and selecting alternatives.
Work is of a different kind.
Work is of a diversified nature that usually involves multiple unrelated steps.
Work is of a diversified nature that usually involves multiple, unrelated steps.
Work is of a highly technical, changing nature and requires independent judgment.
Work is of a physical nature under supervision by experienced personnel.
Work is of a physical nature under the supervision of experienced personnel.
Work is of a simple or routine nature requiring very little analytical thought.
Work is of average quality.
Work is of generally strong quality.
Work is of high quality and profitability.
Work is of high quality.
Work is of medium demand.
Work is of more than average difficulty and includes all aspects of television production.
Work is of value to people.
Work is offered for the master of engineering with a major in systems engineering.
Work is offered in . . .
Work is offered subject to demand and suitability.
Work is offered toward the master of science degree with thesis.
Work is office based and can involve some extra hours often without payment for overtime.
Work is office based and mainly solitary, with some teamwork.
Work is office-based, sometimes alone but more commonly in teams.
Work is often about impressions.
Work is often alone or as part of a very small team.
Work is often around very heavy equipment with large awkward tools.
Work is often away from home, so travel is involved.
Work is often fast-paced with the pressure of deadlines.
Work is often from unarranged copy and is completed using computers.
Work is often incomplete and disorganized.
Work is often messy and performed carelessly and without considered thought.
Work is often out of the office with frequent visits and meetings with organisations.
Work is often part-time or casual.
Work is often project or short term in nature.
Work is often project or short-term in nature.
Work is often repetitious and done indoors.
Work is often repetitive and alternates between periods of high activity and low activity.
Work is often repetitive in nature.
Work is often sporadic and low-paid.
Work is often stressful.
Work is often tacit, invisible and amorphous.
Work is often the third most important aspect of life, right behind family and friends.
Work is often the way to redemption, the leaders preach.
Work is often to deadlines, particularly in consultancy.
Work is often to tight deadlines, and accuracy is vital.
Work is on a casual basis - day, evening, or weekends.
Work is on a disk in Word format.
Work is on an individual or small-group basis.
Work is on an irregular or occasional basis.
Work is on and off.
Work is on Campus with varying time commitments.
Work is on going.
Work is on isolated island.
Work is on our minds twenty-four hours everyday.
Work is on progress on a new brochure.
Work is on project results.
Work is on schedule and under budget thus far.
Work is on site in Zuni.
Work is on spec and payment is made after deal is sold.
Work is on the way.
Work is on to connect all primary schools to the internet.
Work is on to increase the range of sentences and to productionize the system.
Work is one of the best medicines.
Work is one of the characteristics that distinguishes man from the rest of the animal kingdom.
Work is one of the most important parts of our lives.
Work is one of the most important things in life.
Work is one of the most natural things to do if it is of the right kind.
Work is one of the two main pillars of German society.
Work is one part of a lifetime journey of self-discovery.
Work is one place where people find that literacy demands are more complex than ever.
Work is one thing, but caring for a family is another.
Work is one to two hours each week.
Work is ongoing always and there are some projects that can be worked on at home.
Work is ongoing and a new committee specifically dedicated to fundraising was constituted.
Work is ongoing and more tree screens are being established.
Work is ongoing around the world to develop a vaccine but as yet there is no known cure.
Work is ongoing for rangelands and other forest conditions.
Work is on-going for road striping, mowing, tree trimming and general maintenance.
Work is ongoing for the recent keyword changes to globrate.
Work is ongoing in all of the above areas.
Work is ongoing in applied and basic studies of the central nervous system.
Work is ongoing in Bangladesh, India, Malawi, Nepal, Pakistan, Vietnam, Zimbabwe.
Work is ongoing in sheep and dogs.
Work is ongoing in social studies and foreign language.
Work is ongoing in the development of specialised awareness displays for groupware systems.
Work is ongoing in the remaining tasks.
Work is on-going locally.
Work is ongoing now to try to understand the bottlenecks.
Work is ongoing on all three topics to construct better models.
Work is ongoing on alternative certificate revocation methods.
Work is ongoing on some of the above tools.
Work is ongoing on the development of sensors that have novel capabilities.
Work is ongoing on walking robots and special purpose gripper design.
Work is ongoing to add documents, plat, census, and other records to the indexes.
Work is ongoing to add new sections to the site and make it more interactive.
Work is ongoing to add reports available from other sources.
Work is ongoing to amend the U.S. Constitution.
Work is on-going to build mechanical parts and electronic interconnect systems.
Work is ongoing to develop improved varieties.
Work is ongoing to develop methodologies to support condition based maintenance decisions.
Work is ongoing to elucidate the mechanisms.
Work is ongoing to evaluate other possible formations.
Work is ongoing to extend the data base to British English news.
Work is ongoing to find economical ways to harvest the fruit.
Work is ongoing to find reliable testing procedures.
Work is ongoing to identify potential funding sources for network activities.
Work is ongoing to identify the mutation.
Work is ongoing to improve our imaging capabilities.
Work is ongoing to include more laboratories and update and improve the product.
Work is ongoing to increase timeliness and quality of creditor-based data.
Work is ongoing to optimise operating conditions and data processing.
Work is ongoing to provide a smoothly functioning continuum of care.
Work is ongoing to provide educational specifications to guide the architect in project design.
Work is ongoing to recover the experiment.
Work is ongoing to reduce traffic accidents and make routes to school safer.
Work is ongoing to remove the artificial barriers to trade that remain.
Work is ongoing to supplement recommendations in the report.
Work is ongoing to test the availability of desorption-resistant contaminants.
Work is ongoing to try to cover the genetic basis of the other MD's.
Work is ongoing to try to discover the genetic basis of the other MDs.
Work is ongoing with departmental contacts to offer access within school computing areas.
Work is ongoing, a labour of love of the spirit of the Festival.
Work is ongoing, and the following is out of date.
Work is on-going.
Work is ongoing.
Work is only interesting because of all the people that are leaving the company.
Work is only one part of their life.
Work is only one side of the triangle, though.
Work is only part of one's life.
Work is only six hours a day plus one hour or less class preparation.
Work is only visible to participants of a defined collaboration after using a password.
Work is on-time.
Work is oppressive.
Work is ordered when and as needed.
Work is organised into two components.
Work is organised on a daily basis in the dispensary and on the wards, with direct patient contact.
Work is organized and written so it can be easily read.
Work is organized around something that can be termed a project.
Work is organized collectively, equipment is used cooperatively, and produce is marketed jointly.
Work is organized in academic rotations or individual learning activities.
Work is organized to optimize tool use and material changes, even with small runs and rush jobs.
Work is original and well thought out.
Work is our lot in life.
Work is our new religion, prompting some to look for career and lifestyle changes.
Work is our salvation.
Work is out of the question.
Work is outdoors and requires intern to be in good physical condition.
Work is outdoors in all weather conditions.
Work is outdoors.
Work is outside, often in inclement weather.
Work is outsourced when necessary.
Work is over there.
Work is over.
Work is overpayed, while retirees often suffer from hunger.
Work is packaged carefully and sent insured.
Work is painted in medium grey and is bolted to a black marble pedestal.
Work is part of human life.
Work is part of our identity, an anchor in our lives.
Work is part of the blessing.
Work is part of the relationship to the land, and it is an important theme of the novel.
Work is part time and includes weekends and some evenings.
Work is partially complete on two other hospitals.
Work is participation in creation.
Work is particularly strong in North America, Europe, Japan, and Australia.
Work is part-time and during the school year.
Work is Part-time and sporadic.
Work is part-time over the next two years.
Work is part-time with varied hours.
Work is part-time, estimated to average about one day per week.
Work is patchwork.
Work is path dependant.
Work is penance, indeed.
Work is penance.
Work is per formed under the immediate supervision of higher level library staff.
Work is performed according to prescribed routines under general supervision.
Work is performed according to procedures applicable to a general kind of problem.
Work is performed and administrative decisions are made with considerable independence.
Work is performed anywhere within commuting distance of London, England.
Work is performed as a member of a team and supervised by a superior officer.
Work is performed as a trainee with assignments designed for development.
Work is performed as an advanced trainee with an increased warrant level.
Work is performed as an advanced trainee with general review.
Work is performed as an advanced trainee with general reviews.
Work is performed as an advanced trainee with increased advisory responsibilities.
Work is performed as an advanced trainee with limited review of work.
Work is performed as an advanced trainee with signature authority for a defined range of positions.
Work is performed as an advanced trainee.
Work is performed as assigned and required in accordance with established procedures.
Work is performed as it arrives or in accordance with established priorities and instructions.
Work is performed as it arrives, or in accordance with established priorities and instructions.
Work is performed at a fire control look out tower.
Work is performed at a variety of business offices.
Work is performed at a variety of settings both inside and outside of the power plant.
Work is performed at an advanced level with little direct supervision.
Work is performed at an airport and at fire and rescue scenes.
Work is performed at both laboratories.
Work is performed at low levels of efficiency.
Work is performed at no cost to the requesting government agency.
Work is performed at over a dozen historic sites and museums.
Work is performed at the schools during non-business hours, holidays and weekends.
Work is performed both ashore and at sea.
Work is performed both in an office setting and in the client s home.
Work is performed both in and out of doors in wet and humid weather.
Work is performed both indoors and outdoors.
Work is performed by applying a force over a distance.
Work is performed by approved contractors.
Work is performed by immature termites within the wood members.
Work is performed by in-house contractors.
Work is performed during regularly scheduled work hours.
Work is performed essentially in an office setting and occasionally at construction sites.
Work is performed in a clean office environment with no unusual physical effort.
Work is performed in a district office under the supervision of an administrative superior.
Work is performed in a friendly and helpful environment.
Work is performed in a greenhouse or outside.
Work is performed in a non-smoking environment.
Work is performed in a normal office environment with no unusual physical effort.
Work is performed in a normal office setting where basic safety precautions are required.
Work is performed in a potentially hazardous environment.
Work is performed in a scale house.
Work is performed in a Secure Detention Setting.
Work is performed in a timely manner and within budget.
Work is performed in a typical computer environment.
Work is performed in a typical mail room setting.
Work is performed in a typical office setting.
Work is performed in a university dental school or hospital high-risk clinic setting.
Work is performed in a variety of employment settings.
Work is performed in a variety of settings.
Work is performed in accord with specific instructions and procedures.
Work is performed in accordance with accepted trade practices.
Work is performed in accordance with established policies and procedures.
Work is performed in accordance with established policies, procedures and program directives.
Work is performed in accordance with established practices and procedures.
Work is performed in accordance with established regulations, policies and procedures.
Work is performed in accordance with standard trade practices and applicable codes and regulations.
Work is performed in accordance with standard trade practices under general supervision.
Work is performed in accordance with standard trade practices.
Work is performed in all kinds of weather.
Work is performed in all types of weather conditions and in rough terrain.
Work is performed in all types of weather conditions for long periods of time.
Work is performed in an environment which shares common exposure to infectious microorganisms.
Work is performed in an equipment operating environment.
Work is performed in an office and field environment.
Work is performed in an office and sports fields, courts, etc.
Work is performed in an office environment and requires sitting, standing and walking.
Work is performed in an office environment.
Work is performed in an office or in the field, as required.
Work is performed in an office setting or computer environment.
Work is performed in an office setting where no unusual safety precautions are required.
Work is performed in an office setting.
Work is performed in an office.
Work is performed in an order established by the employer to provide for supervision.
Work is performed in both field and office settings.
Work is performed in California.
Work is performed in clinics and other remote locations in rural areas within the state.
Work is performed in conjunction with educators, scientists, administrators and curators.
Work is performed in cooperation with the technical staff of the laboratory.
Work is performed in field, office, and laboratory settings.
Work is performed in frequence domain for an optimal solution.
Work is performed in groups of two or three students.
Work is performed in inclement weather and in the vicinity of high voltage.
Work is performed in inclement weather and over various terrain.
Work is performed in non-sitting positions.
Work is performed in office and field settings.
Work is performed in public and government use buildings, and in campgrounds.
Work is performed in student teams.
Work is performed in the field, including crime scenes and autopsies, and in the laboratory.
Work is performed in the library.
Work is performed in the office and in the field.
Work is performed in uniform or civilian clothes and officers are typically armed.
Work is performed in various types of environments, some of which, are hazardous.
Work is performed independently and contributes to overall unit and university goals.
Work is performed independently and is reviewed by a technical supervisor for results obtained.
Work is performed independently and is subject only to administrative review.
Work is performed independently and requires considerable use of initiative and judgement.
Work is performed independently and requires considerable use of initiative and judgment.
Work is performed independently and with responsibility for a high degree of decision making.
Work is performed independently but in accordance with standard procedures.
Work is performed independently but under the direction of a professional engineer.
Work is performed independently except in the event of unusual circumstances.
Work is performed independently in the field and under general guidance in the repair shop.
Work is performed independently on routine acquisitions but is reviewed for accuracy.
Work is performed independently on routine and regular assignments.
Work is performed independently on sensitive and difficult negotiations with little supervision.
Work is performed independently or under limited general supervision.
Work is performed independently subject to inspection while in progress and upon completion.
Work is performed independently under general supervision.
Work is performed independently under minimal supervision.
Work is performed independently under the general direction of an administrative supervisor.
Work is performed independently with assistance available as needed.
Work is performed independently with assistance available on unusual problems.
Work is performed independently with general supervision by an administrative superior.
Work is performed independently with general supervision from staff attorneys.
Work is performed independently with little or no direct supervision.
Work is performed independently with little supervision.
Work is performed independently with only major problems requiring intervention of the supervisor.
Work is performed independently within applicable policy and procedural guidelines.
Work is performed independently within established policies and procedures.
Work is performed independently within established policies, procedures, and technical guidelines.
Work is performed independently, under general supervision of lab manager.
Work is performed independently, under general supervision.
Work is performed indoors and outdoors, depending on the particular job.
Work is performed indoors and outdoors.
Work is performed indoors and outside in all weather conditions.
Work is performed indoors in a printing production environment.
Work is performed indoors in an office environment and outdoors when inspecting real property.
Work is performed indoors in an office environment and outdoors when inspecting water related sites.
Work is performed in-house in some cases and is contracted out in others.
Work is performed inside and outside depending on the nature of the assignment.
Work is performed inside and outside of State buildings.
Work is performed inside the cabinet through the attached arm-length rubber gloves.
Work is performed mainly in support of the field operations.
Work is performed mainly on site, or if off site, under the director of the employer.
Work is performed mostly in office settings.
Work is performed near or with vibrating machinery and moving mechanical parts.
Work is performed on a part-time, freelance basis.
Work is performed on a turnkey or hourly basis.
Work is performed on an assigned, rotating shift.
Work is performed on projects at their office and at the clients' sites.
Work is performed on site or via mail for appropriate types of projects.
Work is performed on the job site.
Work is performed on the premises of the person for whom the services are performed.
Work is performed out of doors in all weather conditions.
Work is performed outdoors under inclement weather conditions and at any time of the day or night.
Work is performed outdoors year-round either on foot or using a motorized vehicle.
Work is performed outdoors, often in inclement weather conditions.
Work is performed outdoors, often under adverse weather conditions.
Work is performed outdoors, year-around, in extreme weather and conditions.
Work is performed outdoors, year-round either on foot or using a motorized vehicle.
Work is performed outside in adverse weather conditions.
Work is performed primarily in an office environment with significant outside travel to meetings.
Work is performed primarily in an office environment.
Work is performed primarily in an office setting.
Work is performed primarily in the library with occasional travel requirements.
Work is performed regionally, nationally and internationally.
Work is performed regularly in outside weather conditions.
Work is performed to prevent disease outbreaks and to ensure that animals are treated humanely.
Work is performed under administrative direction and is reviewed through conferences and reports.
Work is performed under administrative direction.
Work is performed under an administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under close or limited supervision.
Work is performed under close progressing to limited supervision.
Work is performed under close supervision and assignments are reviewed in progress.
Work is performed under close supervision and is evaluated throughout the training program.
Work is performed under close supervision and review through daily conferences and written reports.
Work is performed under close supervision with emphasis on safety and developing work skills.
Work is performed under close supervision with limited signing authority.
Work is performed under close supervision with no final signature authority.
Work is performed under close supervision.
Work is performed under close to limited supervision.
Work is performed under close, progressing to limited supervision.
Work is performed under direction of a higher level administrator or an academic supervisor.
Work is performed under direction with wide latitude for use of initiative and independent judgment.
Work is performed under direction.
Work is performed under emergency conditions and frequently involves personal hazards.
Work is performed under full delegation of authority.
Work is performed under general administrative supervision.
Work is performed under general direction and requires independent judgment.
Work is performed under general direction and requires initiative and independent judgment.
Work is performed under general direction and review is in terms of results achieved.
Work is performed under general direction of an administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under general direction with latitude for individual initiative and judgement.
Work is performed under general direction with some latitude for independent action.
Work is performed under general direction with wide latitude for independent action.
Work is performed under general direction.
Work is performed under general guidance of a supervisor and is reviewed upon completion.
Work is performed under general guidelines consistent with project objectives.
Work is performed under general supervision and requires some decision making.
Work is performed under general supervision in accordance with established policies and procedures.
Work is performed under general supervision of a commissioned police officer.
Work is performed under general supervision of experienced professional librarian.
Work is performed under general supervision of print shop supervisor.
Work is performed under general supervision received from an assigned supervisor.
Work is performed under general supervision with considerable latitude for independent judgment.
Work is performed under general supervision with latitude for exercise of independent judgment.
Work is performed under general supervision with latitude for independent judgment.
Work is performed under general supervision within standard policies and operational directives.
Work is performed under general supervision.
Work is performed under general technical leadership of a safety professional.
Work is performed under immediate supervision.
Work is performed under limited supervision.
Work is performed under limited to general supervision.
Work is performed under loose supervision, generally with only oral and written instructions.
Work is performed under minimal supervision in accordance with well established procedures.
Work is performed under minimum supervision and under agreed goals and objectives.
Work is performed under moderate supervision from an administrative superior.
Work is performed under normal supervision with emphasis on traditional and historical craft skills.
Work is performed under normal supervision, on all road conditions and in various terrain.
Work is performed under normal supervision.
Work is performed under regular supervision.
Work is performed under stressful conditions requiring intense concentration.
Work is performed under supervision but no warranty is given or implied.
Work is performed under the administrative direction of the department head.
Work is performed under the close supervision and guidance of an administrative superior.
Work is performed under the close supervision of a clerical or administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the close supervision of a dentist who reviews work for accuracy.
Work is performed under the close supervision of a higher level information technology position.
Work is performed under the close supervision of a technical or administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the direct supervision of a district biologist.
Work is performed under the direct supervision of a higher level employee.
Work is performed under the direct supervision of a unit supervisor.
Work is performed under the direct supervision of an appropriately certified operator.
Work is performed under the direct supervision of higher level maintenance personnel.
Work is performed under the direct supervision of licensed medical personnel.
Work is performed under the direct supervision of the supervisor who checks for technical accuracy.
Work is performed under the direction of a dental supervisor.
Work is performed under the direction of a designated manager.
Work is performed under the direction of a higher level supervisor.
Work is performed under the direction of a higher-level detention supervisor.
Work is performed under the direction of a higher-level engineer or administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the direction of a higher-level pathologist.
Work is performed under the direction of a higher-level technical or administrative superior.
Work is performed under the direction of a senior engineer, section chief, or project manager.
Work is performed under the direction of a supervisor and is reviewed for accuracy and completeness.
Work is performed under the direction of a technical nursing superior.
Work is performed under the direction of a technical supervisor.
Work is performed under the direction of a unit supervisor or higher level operator.
Work is performed under the direction of a veterinarian.
Work is performed under the direction of an administrative or technical superior.
Work is performed under the direction of an administrative superior.
Work is performed under the direction of an administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the direction of an engineering executive.
Work is performed under the direction of the division head.
Work is performed under the direction of the Training Coordinator.
Work is performed under the direction of the transportation Policy and Hearings Chief.
Work is performed under the general direction an administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the general direction of a division director.
Work is performed under the general direction of a higher level engineer.
Work is performed under the general direction of a higher level librarian or administrator.
Work is performed under the general direction of a higher level supervisor or a division director.
Work is performed under the general direction of a lieutenant.
Work is performed under the general direction of a professional nursing supervisor.
Work is performed under the general direction of a professional or administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the general direction of a program manager.
Work is performed under the general direction of a section supervisor or division director.
Work is performed under the general direction of a supervisor or administrator.
Work is performed under the general direction of a technical supervisor.
Work is performed under the general direction of an administrative superior.
Work is performed under the general direction of an administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the general direction of an agency or department manager.
Work is performed under the general direction of an appointing authority.
Work is performed under the general direction of the chief financial officer of a department.
Work is performed under the general direction of the Special Education Coordinator.
Work is performed under the general supervision of a division director.
Work is performed under the general supervision of a food service manager or administrator.
Work is performed under the general supervision of a higher level administrator.
Work is performed under the general supervision of a higher level employee.
Work is performed under the general supervision of a higher level technician or a forester.
Work is performed under the general supervision of a medical superior.
Work is performed under the general supervision of a police sergeant.
Work is performed under the general supervision of a Regional manager.
Work is performed under the general supervision of a shop foreman or a higher level mechanic.
Work is performed under the general supervision of a station supervisor.
Work is performed under the general supervision of a technical or administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the general supervision of a technical superior.
Work is performed under the general supervision of administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the general supervision of an academic staff position.
Work is performed under the general supervision of an administrative or professional supervisor.
Work is performed under the general supervision of an administrative or technical supervisor.
Work is performed under the general supervision of an administrative superior.
Work is performed under the general supervision of an administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the general supervision of an engineering or technical supervisor.
Work is performed under the general supervision of an engineering supervisor.
Work is performed under the general supervision of and administrative superior.
Work is performed under the general supervision of higher level maintenance personnel.
Work is performed under the general supervision of higher level personnel.
Work is performed under the general supervision of management staff.
Work is performed under the general supervision of professional staff.
Work is performed under the general supervision of the Accounting Coordinator.
Work is performed under the general supervision of the department head or other program superior.
Work is performed under the general supervision of the division director.
Work is performed under the general supervision of the Recreation Superintendent.
Work is performed under the general supervision of the Safety Coordinator.
Work is performed under the general supervision of the Senior Management Consultant.
Work is performed under the general supervision of the Special Education Coordinator.
Work is performed under the general supervision of the Training Coordinator.
Work is performed under the guidance of a lead worker or manager.
Work is performed under the immediate supervision of a journeyman level operator or supervisor.
Work is performed under the leadership of more experienced forest workers.
Work is performed under the supervision of a clerical or an administrative superior.
Work is performed under the supervision of a district biologist.
Work is performed under the supervision of a field maintenance or administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of a fire officer.
Work is performed under the supervision of a foreman or employee of a higher classification.
Work is performed under the supervision of a higher level cartographer.
Work is performed under the supervision of a higher level clerical.
Work is performed under the supervision of a higher level employee.
Work is performed under the supervision of a higher level forester.
Work is performed under the supervision of a higher level mechanic or maintenance supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of a higher level officer.
Work is performed under the supervision of a higher level operator or unit supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of a higher level professional laboratory employee.
Work is performed under the supervision of a higher level technical employee.
Work is performed under the supervision of a higher level technical or administrative superior.
Work is performed under the supervision of a higher level technician, a surveyor, or a forester.
Work is performed under the supervision of a lead counselor.
Work is performed under the supervision of a legal professional.
Work is performed under the supervision of a nursing superior.
Work is performed under the supervision of a pathologist.
Work is performed under the supervision of a permanent inspector.
Work is performed under the supervision of a personnel or administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of a professional librarian or superior.
Work is performed under the supervision of a professional librarian with established guidelines.
Work is performed under the supervision of a professional or administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of a professional supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of a public health physician.
Work is performed under the supervision of a shift supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of a sworn officer or a civilian supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of a team manager.
Work is performed under the supervision of a technical or administrative superior.
Work is performed under the supervision of a technical superior.
Work is performed under the supervision of a technical supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of a unit or administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of an ad- ministrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of an administrative or professional supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of an administrative or technical superior.
Work is performed under the supervision of an administrative or technical supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of an administrative superior.
Work is performed under the supervision of an administrative supervisor with minimal supervision.
Work is performed under the supervision of an administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of an administrator.
Work is performed under the supervision of an assigned supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of an attorney or administrative supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of an engineering or technical supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of higher level personnel.
Work is performed under the supervision of higher-level maintenance workers.
Work is performed under the supervision of senior operator or supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of the aviation administrator.
Work is performed under the supervision of the Court Administrator.
Work is performed under the supervision of the diivision director.
Work is performed under the supervision of the laundry manager or custodial supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of the Meat Inspection Supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervision of the Tax Collections Supervisor.
Work is performed under the supervison of an administrative or technical supervisor.
Work is performed under well-defined guidelines and assignments are reviewed while in progress.
Work is performed using both typewriters and micro-computers.
Work is performed very independently with minimal technical supervision.
Work is performed very independently with no technical supervision.
Work is performed where it makes most sense.
Work is performed where it makes the most sense and checks and controls are reduced.
Work is performed where it makes the most sense.
Work is performed with a high degree of delegation of authority with limited review.
Work is performed with a high degree of independence.
Work is performed with a high degree of independent judgment and initiative.
Work is performed with a high degree of judgment and discretion.
Work is performed with a higher degree of independence and with oversight review.
Work is performed with a tandem electrostatic accelerator on campus as well as at other facilities.
Work is performed with assignments designed for development.
Work is performed with attached long-sleeved gloves.
Work is performed with common exposure to with common exposure to exhaust fumes and chemicals.
Work is performed with complete technical independence subject to review of the courts.
Work is performed with considerable independence and initiative.
Work is performed with considerable independence subject to review by the head of an agency.
Work is performed with considerable independence under general to minimal supervision.
Work is performed with considerable independence within the scope of assigned goals and objectives.
Work is performed with considerable independence.
Work is performed with considerable independent judgment within established guidelines.
Work is performed with considerable independent judgment.
Work is performed with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment.
Work is performed with considerable latitude for use of initiative and independent judgment.
Work is performed with considerable latitude within established policies and procedures.
Work is performed with consideration of departmental policies and procedures.
Work is performed with constant exposure to and interaction with an inmate population.
Work is performed with direct supervision.
Work is performed with extensive independent judgment within established policies and procedures.
Work is performed with full delegation of authority.
Work is performed with full signature authority.
Work is performed with general review of work.
Work is performed with general review.
Work is performed with general supervision of an administrative supervisor.
Work is performed with guidance from community health services division director.
Work is performed with independence and is reviewed by medical superiors.
Work is performed with independence within established policies and procedures.
Work is performed with independent judgement and initiative within established guidelines.
Work is performed with latitude for use of initiative and independent judgment.
Work is performed with little close supervision, generally with only oral and written instruction.
Work is performed with little direct supervision and with oral and written instruction.
Work is performed with little direct supervision and with oral and written instructions.
Work is performed with little supervision and with oral or written instructions.
Work is performed with little supervision but is subject to review by a supervisor.
Work is performed with minimal supervision.
Work is performed with out direct supervision with oral and written instructions.
Work is performed with out direct supervision with oral or written instructions.
Work is performed with relative independence within established guidelines.
Work is performed with some independence of action within established routines.
Work is performed with tools special to the trade and with other common tools.
Work is performed with wide latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment.
Work is performed within a framework of established District procedures.
Work is performed within daily deadlines inherent to broadcasting industry.
Work is performed within established policies, procedures and regulations.
Work is performed within established procedures but carried on with considerable independence.
Work is performed within generally defined procedures.
Work is performed within pickup and delivery deadlines.
Work is performed within the limits of well defined procedures.
Work is performed within the scope of established rules and regulations.
Work is performed within well established guidelines of the mental health division.
Work is performed without appreciable direction.
Work is performed without direct supervision.
Work is permanent, good flying weather is transitory.
Work is permitted and eating and drinking are mandatory.
Work is permitted as usual on Purim.
Work is permitted during the eight days, but all signs of sadness are to be avoided.
Work is permitted on Purim.
Work is permitted on the intermediate days.
Work is permitted on the remaining days.
Work is personal and often done as recovery work.
Work is Personal.
Work is physical, mental, or spiritual effort.
Work is piled high on the desk.
Work is placed on hold until the crisis is resolved.
Work is planned and completed under direction of a faculty member.
Work is planned and done on the basis of objectives and accomplishments.
Work is planned on liver transplantation.
Work is planned to isolate the causes of as many unwanted signals as possible.
Work is planned to start within three months.
Work is plentiful and the quality of service is outstanding.
Work is plentiful in suburban areas as well as major metropolitan centers.
Work is plentiful, pay higher and there is a greater variety of positions.
Work is plentiful.
Work is possible in any prison location but depends on personnel and inmate interest.
Work is possible with landscape.
Work is possible, just barely.
Work is predominantly office based, with some time spent meeting users.
Work is predominately in clay, but mold-making and casting techniques are also explored.
Work is preferred.
Work is presented as second to learning.
Work is presented at a seminar at the end of the semester.
Work is presented in conference sessions and reviewed by observation of achieved results.
Work is presented in slide seminars and individual tutorials.
Work is presented on estimating the behavior of thorium in the repository near field.
Work is presently in progress on the fourth volume.
Work is presently underway to fully integrate it into DhpDistHist.
Work is presently underway to simplify the format to make it more user-friendly for customers.
Work is pressured to meet tight deadlines, possibly away from home.
Work is pretty darn low on the priority list.
Work is primarily by contemporary Korean artists.
Work is primarily for information technology and internet related clients.
Work is primarily in an indoor setting.
Work is primarily mobile in nature.
Work is primarily on building structures and special structures.
Work is primarily print.
Work is primarily project-oriented requiring largely independent execution.
Work is primarily sedentary and requires sitting, standing, and stooping in an office environment.
Work is primarily sedentary, involving no special physical demands.
Work is primarily sedentary, requiring no special physical demands.
Work is primarily sedentary, some walking, occasionally light lifting.
Work is primarily sedentary, with no special physical demands.
Work is primarily sedentary.
Work is prioritized and the needed repairs made as funding levels permit.
Work is prioritized on the basis of the impact to the university community.
Work is prioritized using customers request dates.
Work is probably the most important single element that affects the life of individual human beings.
Work is produced by individuals at home utilizing the phone and Internet.
Work is produced by individuals at home.
Work is production enforced by economic or political means, by the carrot or the stick.
Work is production enforced by economic or political means.
Work is products.
Work is projected to begin early summer.
Work is provided at an individual level and pace.
Work is provided by physician prescription.
Work is provided through assisting companies large and small in research, design, and production.
Work is publishable, creative, on time, accurate, clear, readable and shows good judgement.
Work is publishable, creative, on time, accurate, clear, readable and shows good judgment.
Work is published in international peer-reviewed journals and books .
Work is purgatory.
Work is purposeful activity.
Work is put away.
Work is quantitative description for energy transformation.
Work is quoted on an individual basis.
Work is readable, but messy.
Work is ready in about two weeks.
Work is ready to begin on the second cottage, to be called Hawthorn.
Work is real slow.
Work is really cool, loving it.
Work is really play while play is embedded in work.
Work is recorded daily in an assignment book.
Work is redemption, it is a way of finding oneself through a religious sense.
Work is rediculous.
Work is redistributed as a result of implementation.
Work is reengineered, downsized, deskilled, part-timed, degraded and sped up.
Work is regulated by standardized practices and procedures.
Work is related to the prompt and efficient routing of private and official correspondence.
Work is relatively easy to find.
Work is relentless.
Work is repetitive and follows well defined procedures.
Work is required during study days and exam periods.
Work is required for families on welfare.
Work is required in both the Vermont and former Soviet Union offices.
Work is required in the craft or trade along with classroom training.
Work is required of all full-time students to help with educational costs.
Work is required to investigate the possible use of low cost components in sure networks.
Work is result of intensive study of spiders in the region.
Work is reviewed as a portfolio.
Work is reviewed as to conformance to policy and originally agreed upon project goals.
Work is reviewed at completion for results achieved.
Work is reviewed at completion.
Work is reviewed at extended intervals for desired results achievement.
Work is reviewed at the end of the month with notices on acceptance following shortly thereafter.
Work is reviewed based upon results achieved.
Work is reviewed by a higher level auditor or administrative supervisor.
Work is reviewed by a higher-level technician, engineer, or administrative supervisor.
Work is reviewed by a nurse supervisor and generally by the staff physician.
Work is reviewed by a superior through inspection of work while in progress and upon completion.
Work is reviewed by a supervising engineer through conferences, inspections and reports.
Work is reviewed by a supervisor on site.
Work is reviewed by a supervisor through conferences and observation of work methods and results.
Work is reviewed by a supervisor through inspection of facilities, and oral and written reports.
Work is reviewed by a technical supervisor through conferences and review of reports.
Work is reviewed by administrative superiors.
Work is reviewed by an administrative supervisor through reports, discussions, and observations.
Work is reviewed by an administrative supervisor through staff conferences and observation.
Work is reviewed by an administrative supervisor.
Work is reviewed by analysis of programs prepared.
Work is reviewed by analysis of reports and reinspections.
Work is reviewed by direct observation, conference and evaluation.
Work is reviewed by evaluation of results of the instructional program.
Work is reviewed by leader in terms of the operational sufficiency and for regulatory compliance.
Work is reviewed by observation of results achieved, periodic reports and conferences.
Work is reviewed by observation of results obtained and methods used.
Work is reviewed by observation of results obtained, periodic reports and conferences.
Work is reviewed by observation of results obtained, periodic reports, and through conferences.
Work is reviewed by observation of results obtained.
Work is reviewed by observation of results.
Work is reviewed by observation, periodic reports and conferences.
Work is reviewed by periodic conferences, reports, and observation of results obtained.
Work is reviewed by personal inspection.
Work is reviewed by psychologist, and senior psychology technicians.
Work is reviewed by records and results.
Work is reviewed by reports, meetings and obtained results.
Work is reviewed by results obtained through the evaluation of reports and conferences.
Work is reviewed by senior specialists for adherence to procedures and standards.
Work is reviewed by supervisor in terms of the operational sufficiency.
Work is reviewed by supervisor in terms of the quality of workmanship and technical sufficiency.
Work is reviewed by supervisor.
Work is reviewed by the attending physician and annual performance review.
Work is reviewed by the successful and efficient operation of the stores unit.
Work is reviewed by the supervisor in terms of operational sufficiency and regulatory compliance.
Work is reviewed by the supervisor through routine examination of reports and periodic conferences.
Work is reviewed by the supervisor through routine examination of reports and regular conferences.
Work is reviewed by various supervisors through meetings and performance evaluations.
Work is reviewed continuously during audits and at their completion.
Work is reviewed daily for completion and conformance to established procedures and policies.
Work is reviewed daily through reports, logs, and conferences with the supervisor.
Work is reviewed for accomplishment of work plans and to ensure that program goals are being met.
Work is reviewed for accuracy and adequacy and conformance with prescribed procedures.
Work is reviewed for accuracy and completeness.
Work is reviewed for accuracy and compliance with instructions and established procedures.
Work is reviewed for accuracy and compliance with instructions.
Work is reviewed for accuracy and conformance to agency policies and procedures.
Work is reviewed for accuracy and conformance to policy.
Work is reviewed for accuracy and speed of processed information.
Work is reviewed for accuracy, adequacy and conformance with prescribed procedures.
Work is reviewed for accuracy, by a technical superior, while in progress and upon completion.
Work is reviewed for accuracy, format, etc.
Work is reviewed for accuracy, neatness, and to determine if instructions have been followed.
Work is reviewed for accuracy.
Work is reviewed for adequacy, accuracy, developmental needs, and adherence to instructions.
Work is reviewed for adherence to instructions and procedures.
Work is reviewed for appropriateness, and conformance to policies.
Work is reviewed for completeness and accuracy.
Work is reviewed for completeness and attainment of program objectives.
Work is reviewed for completeness and proper application of principles and techniques.
Work is reviewed for completeness, accuracy and compliance with department policy and procedure.
Work is reviewed for completeness, accuracy and compliance with departmental policy and procedure.
Work is reviewed for compliance with departmental policies and procedures and for results attained.
Work is reviewed for compliance with departmental policies and procedures.
Work is reviewed for compliance with desired results.
Work is reviewed for conformance to established procedures and through error reports.
Work is reviewed for conformance to established procedures.
Work is reviewed for conformance to institutional and health standards and regulations.
Work is reviewed for conformance to law and policy.
Work is reviewed for conformance to museum standards by an administrator or technical supervisor.
Work is reviewed for general adherence to established guidelines and procedures.
Work is reviewed for general adherence to established norms.
Work is reviewed for meeting deadlines and by client feedback.
Work is reviewed for personal development, completeness, technical accuracy and quality.
Work is reviewed for procedural conformance and client satisfaction.
Work is reviewed for professional workmanship and compliance with work orders and specifications.
Work is reviewed for quality and as part of a mentoring process.
Work is reviewed for quality and creativity.
Work is reviewed for quality of food and satisfaction of customers.
Work is reviewed for results achieved.
Work is reviewed for results in meeting the operating requirements of the system.
Work is reviewed for results upon project completion or quarterly.
Work is reviewed for results.
Work is reviewed for technical accuracy and for compliance with established procedures.
Work is reviewed for technical adequacy and thoroughness of application of methods and techniques.
Work is reviewed for technical content and accuracy by a higher level biologist.
Work is reviewed for technical soundness and for program results achieved.
Work is reviewed for technical soundness, efficiency, and attainment of objective.
Work is reviewed for timeliness and technical adequacy.
Work is reviewed frequently for accuracy and completeness.
Work is reviewed from a relatively long-time perspective for desired results.
Work is reviewed generally through reports of work achievement.
Work is reviewed in class every week.
Work is reviewed in progress and for effectiveness in meeting program goals.
Work is reviewed in progress and upon completion.
Work is reviewed in progress for technical adequacy and upon completion by professional superiors.
Work is reviewed in progress or as completed, depending on the nature of the assignment.
Work is reviewed in progress to ensure compliance with procedures and understanding.
Work is reviewed in terms of accomplishment of goals.
Work is reviewed in terms of accomplishment of objectives and results achieved.
Work is reviewed in terms of accomplishment of objectives and results.
Work is reviewed in terms of accomplishment of objectives.
Work is reviewed in terms of effectiveness of the finished project.
Work is reviewed in terms of meeting specific goals and objectives.
Work is reviewed in terms of meeting the organizational unit's objectives and schedules.
Work is reviewed in terms of overall effectiveness and accomplishments.
Work is reviewed in terms of results achieved or at employee's request.
Work is reviewed in terms of results achieved.
Work is reviewed in terms of successful strategies and accomplishment of department wide objectives.
Work is reviewed in the context of periodic reports and conferences.
Work is reviewed in the form of results achieved.
Work is reviewed less frequently than at the Senior clerk level.
Work is reviewed occasionally.
Work is reviewed on a daily, in progress basis for accuracy and timely completion.
Work is reviewed on a regular basis by supervisor.
Work is reviewed on a regular basis with critiques scheduled nearly every week.
Work is reviewed on completion for adequacy and compliance with instructions.
Work is reviewed on completion for overall adequacy and compliance with instructions.
Work is reviewed on the basis of goals and results obtained.
Work is reviewed on the basis of results achieved.
Work is reviewed on the job and through observation of results obtained.
Work is reviewed periodically by observation of performance and through regular conferences.
Work is reviewed periodically for accuracy and efficiency.
Work is reviewed periodically for compliance of methods, procedures and techniques.
Work is reviewed periodically upon completion and while in progress.
Work is reviewed periodically with final evaluation of overall performance.
Work is reviewed periodically.
Work is reviewed primarily by the acceptability of the signs produced.
Work is reviewed primarily for end results.
Work is reviewed primarily through results obtained.
Work is reviewed principally through inspections and the acceptability of signs produced.
Work is reviewed several times weekly, by phone or in person.
Work is reviewed several times weekly, in person or by phone.
Work is reviewed though inspection of work completed and observation of actual performance.
Work is reviewed through administrative conferences and reports.
Work is reviewed through conference, reports, and periodic evaluation of program status.
Work is reviewed through conferences and by overall evaluation of results obtained.
Work is reviewed through conferences and evaluation of results achieved.
Work is reviewed through conferences and periodic inspection of facilities and area maintained.
Work is reviewed through conferences and regular reports.
Work is reviewed through conferences and reports for results obtained.
Work is reviewed through conferences and reports.
Work is reviewed through conferences and written reports.
Work is reviewed through conferences, analysis decisions, and the evaluation of reports submitted.
Work is reviewed through conferences, by observation of operations and results obtained.
Work is reviewed through conferences, observation, reports submitted, and program achievements.
Work is reviewed through conferences, periodic reports and evaluation of results obtained.
Work is reviewed through conferences, reports and observation of results obtained.
Work is reviewed through conferences, reports and program achievements.
Work is reviewed through conferences, reports and program effectiveness.
Work is reviewed through conferences, reports, and evaluation of results achieved.
Work is reviewed through conferences, reports, and field visits.
Work is reviewed through conferences, reports, and observation of areas maintained.
Work is reviewed through conferences, reports, and observation of program plans and effectiveness.
Work is reviewed through conferences, reports, and program achievements.
Work is reviewed through conferences, written reports and observation of results obtained.
Work is reviewed through consultation and evaluation of results.
Work is reviewed through consultation, analysis of reports, and observation of results.
Work is reviewed through consultations with an administrative director.
Work is reviewed through daily work reports and verbal discussions with supervisor.
Work is reviewed through discussion of emerging issues or problems and through review of products.
Work is reviewed through discussions and observation of results achieved.
Work is reviewed through discussions and observations of results obtained.
Work is reviewed through employee observations, oral and written reports and conferences.
Work is reviewed through field inspections, review of records, reports and work accomplishment.
Work is reviewed through field visits, staff conferences, and review of activity reports.
Work is reviewed through inspections of areas maintained.
Work is reviewed through meetings and reports for overall program effectiveness.
Work is reviewed through meetings, conferences, and observation of work performed.
Work is reviewed through observation of performance, frequent conferences and reports.
Work is reviewed through observation of results and oral and written reports.
Work is reviewed through observation of results obtained conferences and reports.
Work is reviewed through observation of results obtained, conferences and reports.
Work is reviewed through observation of results, conferences and reports.
Work is reviewed through observation of the efficiency and productivity of the unit.
Work is reviewed through observation on the job and evaluation of results achieved.
Work is reviewed through observation, accuracy and annual performance review.
Work is reviewed through observation, conference and analysis of reports, and evaluations.
Work is reviewed through observation, conference, reports and for results obtained.
Work is reviewed through observation, reports, personal inspection and discussion.
Work is reviewed through periodic conference and by observation of results obtained.
Work is reviewed through periodic conferences and by observation of results obtained.
Work is reviewed through periodic oral and written reports submitted to the controller.
Work is reviewed through periodic progress reports and in terms of overall results.
Work is reviewed through program assessment, conferences and results achieved.
Work is reviewed through regular written reports and budget variance reports.
Work is reviewed through reports and discussions and observations of results obtained.
Work is reviewed through reports and observation of results obtained.
Work is reviewed through reports and production records.
Work is reviewed through reports, conferences and effectiveness of results obtained.
Work is reviewed through reports, conferences, and program effectiveness.
Work is reviewed through reports, inspection and observation.
Work is reviewed through reports, meetings and audits.
Work is reviewed through reports, meetings and observation of results obtained.
Work is reviewed through use of regular reports for adherence to policy and procedure.
Work is reviewed to determine accomplishment of desired results and objectives.
Work is reviewed to ensure conformity with policy and coordination with other functions.
Work is reviewed to ensure determinations and decisions are in conformance to policy and procedure.
Work is reviewed upon completion and on an overall basis.
Work is reviewed upon completion for accuracy and quality.
Work is reviewed upon completion for accuracy and timeliness.
Work is reviewed upon completion for accuracy, adequacy and compliance with instructions.
Work is reviewed upon completion for adequacy in meeting objectives.
Work is reviewed upon completion for content and accuracy.
Work is reviewed upon completion for legal sufficiency, accuracy, form, and legal reasoning.
Work is reviewed upon completion for professional workmanship.
Work is reviewed upon request when problems or questions of a non-routine nature arise.
Work is reviewed upon request.
Work is reviewed while in process and upon completion.
Work is reviewed while in progress and through periodic inspection of completed projects.
Work is reviewed while in progress and upon completion.
Work is rinsed, dried, and withdrawn from the machine.
Work is routed to the right person at the right time, and users can focus on processing business.
Work is routine and repetitive in nature.
Work is satisfactory and all requirements have been met.
Work is saved under the current filename with .save appended.
Work is scarce.
Work is scheduled according to priority and date received.
Work is scheduled after receipt of payment and award of the construction contract.
Work is scheduled during fall and spring semesters except for student breaks.
Work is scheduled for completion the same day.
Work is scheduled for late summer or early fall.
Work is scheduled for the exterior wood siding.
Work is scheduled in the order received unless special handling is requested.
Work is scheduled on a first come first serve basis.
Work is scheduled on a priority basis.
Work is scheduled on a year round basis.
Work is scheduled on an as needed basis.
Work is scheduled on an as-needed basis during the department s busy times.
Work is scheduled to be complete by fall.
Work is scheduled to be completed by mid-year.
Work is scheduled to be completed by year's end.
Work is scheduled to begin later today as the storm continues to drift to the northwest.
Work is scheduled to begin next month.
Work is scheduled to begin on sites near the eastern border of the county and move west.
Work is scheduled to begin within a few months.
Work is scheduled to commence during the summer and be completed next spring.
Work is scheduled to continue over the next few years.
Work is scheduled to resume later tomorrow.
Work is scheduled to start today.
Work is scheduled when clients sign contracts.
Work is seasonal, and varies among different rivers.
Work is seasonal.
Work is secondary to a common life of praying, eating and living together.
Work is secured to the faceplate by bolts, clamps, or any suitable clamping means.
Work is sedentary but requires climbing of ladders.
Work is seen as discretionary rather than mandatory.
Work is seen as service and preference is given work favorable to prayer.
Work is selected from artists invited by the individual selectors.
Work is self-paced.
Work is semi-skilled in nature.
Work is serious and play is nonserious.
Work is seriously flawed, displaying major lack of understanding, irrelevance or incoherence.
Work is service.
Work is set to begin as soon as permits are secured.
Work is set to begin next year.
Work is seven days a week all year round on farms that raise animals.
Work is sex.
Work is shared by adjusting the length of the work week.
Work is short term and goal-oriented.
Work is short term.
Work is showcased in our office by grade level.
Work is shown in galleries, museums and public spaces through out the United States and abroad.
Work is signed and low numbered.
Work is signed,but until it goe into the site in the next couple of days it seems.
Work is similar to that of a machinist, but more specialized.
Work is simplified.
Work is simply a force multiplied by the distance moved in the direction of the force.
Work is skilled in nature.
Work is slack.
Work is slated to be done by the end of the year.
Work is slated to begin again next summer.
Work is slavery.
Work is sloppy and dirty.
Work is sloppy, dirty, crumpled.
Work is sloppy.
Work is slow and awkward.
Work is slow and obstructionist, even in offices with industrial functions.
Work is slow to dead.
Work is slow with approx.
Work is slow, arduous and stressful.
Work is slow.
Work is slowed by heavy ice accumulation on the wires.
Work is small groups at the same place and at the same time.
Work is snow-dependent and there is no defined start or end date.
Work is so different when it s an act of loving worship.
Work is so different when it's an act of loving worship.
Work is so intense.
Work is solicited from well known authors, who are published alongside of new talents.
Work is something different.
Work is sometimes strenuous.
Work is sometimes stressful.
Work is somewhat neat.
Work is somewhat organized.
Work is somewhat sedentary and requires sitting, standing, and stooping in an office environment.
Work is sooo much fun.
Work is spelled or produced with minimum or no error.
Work is split about equally among oncology specimens, prenatal specimens, and postnatal samples.
Work is spot checked for accuracy and compliance with guidelines.
Work is spot checked for completeness, accuracy and conformance to policy and procedure.
Work is spot checked for conformity with mail processing procedure.
Work is spot checked, often on a daily basis.
Work is spot-checked for accuracy.
Work is spot-checked to ascertain progress, technical soundness, and conformity to requirements.
Work is spread between faculty at various stages of the program.
Work is started but exploration is incomplete.
Work is started on the redwood deck, and an expert stucco contractor pays a visit.
Work is started on the revolver by removing the barrel and stripping it down to the bare frame.
Work is stated to be well advanced.
Work is steady all year round.
Work is steady and calls are scattered throughout the county.
Work is steady and requires concentration.
Work is steady, putting out a traveler once or twice a week on a good week.
Work is steady.
Work is still at an early stage, but initial experiments have been successful.
Work is still being finished on some pages, so check back in a few weeks for more information.
Work is still first.
Work is still frustrating.
Work is still in organizational stages.
Work is still in progress at the library to prepare the text documents for scanning.
Work is still in progress for situations similar to the three cases mentioned above.
Work is still in progress in that area.
Work is still in progress on herbicide resistance gene.
Work is still in progress on other applications.
Work is still in progress on strengthening the library's role in technology.
Work is still in progress on the diagnostic center.
Work is still in progress on the new West Stand.
Work is still in progress particularly in a Hellenistic district to the north.
Work is still in progress to finalize a jerk minimization algorithm.
Work is still in progress to recover as many of the missing posts as is possible.
Work is still in progress to test the extensibility of the system through facilitators and wrappers.
Work is still in progress.
Work is still needs to be done on standard labels and structure.
Work is still on going but results have already been seen.
Work is still ongoing for remote control operation.
Work is still really busy.
Work is still rolling along at MarketMAX , there are some great folks here.
Work is still slow with many locals on the road.
Work is still slow.
Work is still the best way to achieve any kind of success.
Work is still under construction.
Work is still under way on the infields.
Work is still under way to develop resistant elms.
Work is still under way.
Work is still underway on the floor plan.
Work is still underway to correct the fault.
Work is still work.
Work is stopped if unsafe work practices are observed.
Work is stopped.
Work is stored and retrieved at the terminal, easily shared in a classroom and between schools.
Work is stored as electrostatic potential energy.
Work is strange.
Work is stressful.
Work is struggle.
Work is subcontracted from area businesses.
Work is subcontracted to drafting and design services.
Work is subject only to administrative direction and review.
Work is subject only to general review of results obtained.
Work is subject to administrative direction and review is in terms of results achieved.
Work is subject to check for quality of finished product.
Work is subject to close checking for accuracy, neatness, and conformance with instructions.
Work is subject to evaluation based on results obtained.
Work is subject to evaluation on the basis of results achieved.
Work is subject to frequent review and close supervision by a superior.
Work is subject to general review by the commissioner for compliance with major department policy.
Work is subject to inspection and observation by supervisors.
Work is subject to inspection for conformance to specifications and acceptable workmanship.
Work is subject to inspection in progress and upon completion.
Work is subject to periodic review by supervisor.
Work is subject to periodic review.
Work is subject to review and approval by supervisor.
Work is subject to review by a higher level research analyst or another administrative superior.
Work is subject to review by a professional superior.
Work is subject to review by administrative superiors.
Work is subject to review by an administrative superior for adherence to established norms.
Work is subject to review by the supervisor through periodic on-site inspections or reports.
Work is subject to review during progress and upon completion for quality and quantity.
Work is subject to review in progress and upon completion.
Work is subject to review in progress or upon completion of tasks.
Work is subject to review primarily by observation of results and overall review of work performed.
Work is subject to review through conferences and reports.
Work is subject to review through conferences, reports and observations of results achieved.
Work is subject to review through conferences, reports, and observation of results obtained.
Work is subject to review upon completion for results.
Work is subject to review upon completion to ensure compliance with objectives and policies.
Work is subject to spot checking for conformance to instructions and for general effectiveness.
Work is subject to technical review through the evaluation of reports and through conferences.
Work is submitted from a variety of sources.
Work is submitted on a purely voluntary basis.
Work is submitted to an instructor.
Work is subordinated to our primary mission of prayer.
Work is such a huge part of our lives today so both personal and professional fulfillment are vital.
Work is suluk and the one who works and keeps on moving forward is salik.
Work is superior and thinking is efficient, but comprehensive and reasoned.
Work is superior in all aspects and exceeds the guidelines in one or more ways.
Work is supervised by a faculty member and the management personnel of the agency.
Work is supervised by a professional scientist.
Work is supervised by a staff member in the organization with which the student finds a position.
Work is supervised by a trained language teacher.
Work is supervised by an appropriate faculty member.
Work is supervised by assigned faculty member.
Work is supervised by onsite technician.
Work is supervised by the department and agency.
Work is supervised in terms of overall accomplishments.
Work is supervised.
Work is supported with a scientific and reflective journal kept by each participant.
Work is supposed to be fun for employees and their families, managers, and clients.
Work is supposed to be fun.
Work is suspended and people take time to enjoy, celebrate, and honor youth.
Work is suspended for the first and last two days.
Work is suspended on the weekends.
Work is suspended.
Work is sustained effort toward a worthwhile goal.
Work is tailored to each site.
Work is taxings.
Work is temporary and intermittent, but very rewarding.
Work is that the antenna company is very interested in our location.
Work is that.
Work is the amount of energy used to move an object.
Work is the antidote to helplessness.
Work is the area under the curve, where the X-axis is time.
Work is the base for Swedish welfare.
Work is the best avenue toward independence.
Work is the best thing to get somebody back on track.
Work is the biggest motivating factor.
Work is the business of life.
Work is the centerpiece of state welfare reform efforts.
Work is the change of energy due to an external force.
Work is the chief source of income for homeless people, followed by public benefits.
Work is the consumption of energy.
Work is the conversion of one form of energy into another form.
Work is the conversion of one form of energy into another.
Work is the cornerstone of welfare reform.
Work is the crab grass of life, but money is the water that keeps it green.
Work is the crucial test of the genuineness of one's faith.
Work is the curse of the birding classes.
Work is the curse of the drinking class.
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
Work is the curse of the drinking man.
Work is the destiny of each man, unity the tool of victory.
Work is the displacement of an object by a force.
Work is the displacement of an object that result in something being done.
Work is the dot product of the force and the displacement of the object.
Work is the easiest thing man has ever invented to escape boredom.
Work is the energy required to move an object against an opposing force.
Work is the energy used to move an object against an opposing force.
Work is the fastest route out of dependence.
Work is the finest escape from boredom ever devised.
Work is the focus of everything.
Work is the force applied times the distance moved.
Work is the force that is measured by the distance involved.
Work is the force times the distance over which the force is applied.
Work is the force times the distance.
Work is the force used to move something in the direction of the force.
Work is the foundation of our economy and a major part of the glue holding together communities.
Work is the foundation of our society.
Work is the grandest cure for all the maladies that ever beset mankind.
Work is the highest joy.
Work is the incentive that brings illegal immigrants into our country.
Work is the individual's personal contribution to the interdependent needs of society.
Work is the key to helping homeless veterans rejoin American society.
Work is the key to success.
Work is the key word in the author's life.
Work is the key.
Work is the keystone of a perfect life.
Work is the lion's share of our lives.
Work is the master key that opens the door to all opportunities.
Work is the means by which energy is changed from one form to another.
Work is the measure by which many in America define themselves.
Work is the measure of the used to move an object.
Work is the mechanism that transfers energy through a system.
Work is the medicine for poverty.
Work is the most important source of welfare.
Work is the most powerful force in most people's lives.
Work is the most unpopular way of making money.
Work is the movement of an object.
Work is the name of the game.
Work is the new leisure.
Work is the new play.
Work is the only capital that never misses dividends.
Work is the only currency that matters in the free software world.
Work is the only real way to personal fulfillment.
Work is the only standard.
Work is the only thing that truly gives people dignity.
Work is the operative word.
Work is the opium of the people.
Work is the opposite of fun.
Work is the opposite of laziness.
Work is the other enemy of breast-feeding.
Work is the place where much of our lives unfold.
Work is the process by which energy changes forms.
Work is the process of converting energy.
Work is the province of cattle.
Work is the raison d'etre of human existence.
Work is the result of a force moving an object through a distance.
Work is the result of a force on a point that moves through a distance.
Work is the salve that heals the wounded heart.
Work is the same old, same old.
Work is the same very busy and difficult at times with a lot of new staff.
Work is the second.
Work is the self-chosen activity of the child.
Work is the solution to most problems.
Work is the source of nearly all the misery in the world.
Work is the term given to energy that is transferred as a result of a force applied over a distance.
Work is the transfer of energy by any process other than heat.
Work is the transfer of energy, usually defined as force applied over distance or force x distance.
Work is the transfer of energy.
Work is the ultimate seduction, but it's also an incredible outlet for spiritual growth.
Work is the usual grind.
Work is theater, every business a stage.
Work is theatre.
Work is their first priority.
Work is their life.
Work is their passion.
Work is their universe.
Work is then the fulfillment of established procedures.
Work is therapeutic.
Work is therapy.
Work is thorough and exceeds standards.
Work is time specific and nonrecurring and therefore occasional rather than frequent.
Work is time well spent.
Work is to advanced standard, giving students the ability to audition for professional jobs.
Work is to be completed and turned in by the specified deadlines.
Work is to be completed before receiving a certified rehabilitation status.
Work is to be completed by the next class meeting unless specified otherwise.
Work is to be completed within a stipulated time period.
Work is to be completed within one year except for graduate degree theses.
Work is to be completed within two years of the execution of a contract.
Work is to be done with enthusiasm.
Work is to be handed in on time.
Work is to be in by the beginning of class on the day due.
Work is to be independent unless indicated as a group project.
Work is to be independent.
Work is to be submitted as email attachments to the instructor.
Work is to be submitted by the due date.
Work is to be supervised by registered landscape architect.
Work is to be written on one side of the paper only.
Work is to begin at the end of next season.
Work is to begin in a few weeks' time.
Work is to begin in the fall.
Work is to begin in the spring.
Work is to begin soon.
Work is to begin within three days of the dates listed in appendices a or b.
Work is to commence before the end of the month.
Work is to commence next year, with completion estimated in five or six years.
Work is to continue on the building through the winter.
Work is to continue on the problem until it is resolved.
Work is to highest standards , pricing competitive.
Work is to make money.
Work is to produce.
Work is to remain on the grounds for one year.
Work is to the highest specification and degree of finishing.
Work is too big, office too small, but it all comes out even.
Work is too much of a shifting surface.
Work is too technical for Off-shore.
Work is transferred via modem or conventional methods.
Work is turned in on deadline and critiqued by the instructor.
Work is typically in-progress status, recent findings or current technical challenges.
Work is typically manual labor.
Work is typically on weekday mornings.
Work is typically routine and requires general instructions.
Work is typically supportive and educational.
Work is unaffected by cyclical economy.
Work is under joint supervision of faculty and industrial mentors.
Work is under medical direction with extensive latitude for the exercise of independent judgment.
Work is under professional supervision in a task-oriented setting.
Work is under progress to integrate the software into one package.
Work is under progress.
Work is under way and a prototype has been created.
Work is under way at introducing the antilenkosis genes into the cattle genome.
Work is under way at nearly all of the others.
Work is under way at the high school to convert and equip additional science rooms.
Work is under way on a new departures terminal and improved car parking facilities.
Work is under way on a survey of the railways' maintenance practices.
Work is under way on construction projects on two campuses.
Work is under way on further improvements of the resolution of the system.
Work is under way on the fourth new public library branch in Lexington in a dozen years.
Work is under way to acquire a patent registration for the device.
Work is under way to add Taiwan to the list for future students.
Work is under way to bring some of the proposals to fruition.
Work is under way to clean up several sites on the list.
Work is under way to compile an image of each vehicle.
Work is under way to develop varieties of sunflowers and canola with high oleic acid content.
Work is under way to diagnose and rectify the problem.
Work is under way to document the causes of success.
Work is under way to establish a dressing change clinic in the community setting.
Work is under way to establish partnerships in the remaining four counties.
Work is under way to expand the fledgling extension site to a full-fledged branch campus.
Work is under way to expand the library into office space recently vacated by the faculty.
Work is under way to finish that.
Work is under way to improve access to electronic government information.
Work is under way to improve presentation of documents, tables, and graphics.
Work is under way to obtain additional support for future software development.
Work is under way to publish new computer codes for assessing doses from exposures to hot particles.
Work is under way to qualify the north line for federal funding.
Work is under way to register the fund with securities commissions in Canada and the United States.
Work is under way to repair the mains water supply.
Work is under way to reuse the wet room as an active display of mining history of the Iron Range.
Work is under way to revive a newer plant nearby.
Work is under way to transform a downtown movie theater into a performing arts center.
Work is under way to type all the solutions to the problem.
Work is under way towards removing the exclusion of patentability for software.
Work is undertaken all over the world .
Work is undertaken both in Cyprus and Greece.
Work is undertaken for international, national and local authorities, programs and agencies.
Work is undertaken in copy preparation, composition, photocopy, presswork, and bindery.
Work is undertaken under the guidance of an appointed mentor within the organisation.
Work is undertaken with an instructor chosen by the student.
Work is undertaken within Australia.
Work is underway at cataloguing the thousands of photos collected by the group over the year.
Work is underway for further improvements.
Work is underway for other architectures , too.
Work is underway in developing an approximate theory of landscapes.
Work is underway in Houston.
Work is underway now.
Work is underway on a couple of the projects right now.
Work is underway on a culvert to divert additional debris flow.
Work is underway on a facility to further study the fundamental nature of Ad.
Work is underway on a new agreement.
Work is underway on a programme but the style of the club is going to change.
Work is underway on a redesign.
Work is underway on a second cluster.
Work is underway on a stack class.
Work is underway on a supplement reflecting the new discovery rules.
Work is underway on a third programme featuring common questions on the Christian faith.
Work is underway on a writing handbook.
Work is underway on all elements.
Work is underway on cataloging our materials, but construction has slowed progress.
Work is underway on common software and an encryption system for exchanging electronic data.
Work is underway on formalization of the basic approach to counter-based global invariants.
Work is underway on giving feature-based browse capability to departmental operatives.
Work is underway on mineral matter characterization, catalysis, transformations and deposition.
Work is underway on others.
Work is underway on relocations in the Elk River area and in the Grassy Ridge area.
Work is underway on retro-conversion and automation of circulation.
Work is underway on some portions of the second and third phases.
Work is underway on standard codes for cities and townships.
Work is underway on tennis courts and the track, and some other outdoor work is in progress.
Work is underway on the call for participation in the pilot phase.
Work is underway on the course content.
Work is underway on the development of an XML implementation.
Work is underway on the Las Vegas server.
Work is underway on the next generation of ballistic missiles for submarines.
Work is underway on the offsite improvements, courtyard improvements and site hardscape.
Work is underway on the Regional Coordination Plan.
Work is underway on the trailheads and major street crossings.
Work is underway on transforming the the bottom of the pit into a finished concrete floor.
Work is underway on understanding asphalt behavior and design as well as other materials .
Work is underway to add full, on-line Scripture proof texts.
Work is underway to allow for communication over a variety of wireless networks .
Work is underway to allow prospective users to register on a web form.
Work is underway to allow the survey to be completed online.
Work is underway to assemble the materials for the various exhibits.
Work is underway to assign street name attributes to the remaining major arcs manually.
Work is underway to assure an adequate and reliable water supply to the central campus.
Work is underway to assure future instruments are also minimally affected.
Work is underway to begin moving additional markets over to the new system.
Work is underway to characterize cell lines expressing the ribozymes.
Work is underway to characterize their mechanism of action.
Work is underway to clone the transposable element for use as a transposon tag.
Work is underway to complete the port to Linux.
Work is underway to convert existing pilot sites and cardholders to the new cards and software.
Work is underway to correct the problem.
Work is underway to craft bipartisan legislation to address Oregon's energy crisis.
Work is underway to design a conformant interface.
Work is underway to develop experiments for instrumental analysis.
Work is underway to develop numerical simulations for total hip and knee arthroplasties.
Work is underway to develop the complete virtualization substrate.
Work is underway to dismantle gates, pens, the feed mill and other parts of the facility.
Work is underway to ensure the implementation of the new business major at the regional campuses.
Work is underway to establish a mailing address and telephone number.
Work is underway to establish similar facilities in other regions including London and Sussex.
Work is underway to estimate the prevalence of hunger among children.
Work is underway to evaluate assessment instruments.
Work is underway to expand coverage to international locations.
Work is underway to expand membership to include additional public and private employers.
Work is underway to expand the list of clinical sites.
Work is underway to explore how scene structure can be best recovered in such situations.
Work is underway to extend it.
Work is underway to focus on improving rural water supply and sanitation.
Work is underway to formulate a new procurement policy.
Work is underway to generally improve ethernet s handling of class of service information.
Work is underway to identify an agent of the disease and to develop a diagnostic laboratory test.
Work is underway to identify and eliminate potential contaminating.
Work is underway to identify and synthesize molecules that embody all three characteristics.
Work is underway to identify bankable projects.
Work is underway to identify related lectins in fish.
Work is underway to identify the remaining efforts to be surveyed.
Work is underway to improve an area park.
Work is underway to improve sensitivity.
Work is underway to improve township roads leading to the park.
Work is underway to include all known texts of the Byzantine and post-byzantine period.
Work is underway to incorporate animation and interactive control of the robot models.
Work is underway to install and verify controls for the new beamline magnet power supplies.
Work is underway to investigate classifying the present recreation reserve as a scenic reserve.
Work is underway to lengthen the list of supported languages even further.
Work is underway to maximize the amount of cord blood collected in each donation.
Work is underway to modernize seamless copper alloy tube production at the Indianapolis plant.
Work is underway to modernize the system.
Work is underway to prepare for the launch of that product.
Work is underway to produce a separate procurement strategy.
Work is underway to provide current weather information along with the video image.
Work is underway to provide environmental and economic infrastructure for the proposed sanctuary.
Work is underway to provide equipment to enable skilled people to carry out essential work.
Work is underway to purify the three constructs on a large scale.
Work is underway to recreate the castle gardens, set on the slopes of the Vistula.
Work is underway to refine the exact solution method and develop heuristics for larger problems.
Work is underway to refine the technique for identification from bark and wood.
Work is underway to refurbish a third building for office space and a resource library. here .
Work is underway to relieve both problems.
Work is underway to remove old systems and install new ones.
Work is underway to replace all the flooring and reopen the main exhibit room to visitors.
Work is underway to restore any existing telephone problems.
Work is underway to restore one crane to operating condition.
Work is underway to restore one to operating condition.
Work is underway to resume mining operations.
Work is underway to select for desired traits and plants suitable for mechanical harvest.
Work is underway to set up testing servers and hiring a consultant.
Work is underway to simply amend the marriage laws to include same-sex couples without restrictions.
Work is underway to spruce up the well known beachside band shell, too.
Work is underway to standardize both software and hardware that is available to students.
Work is underway to test a mechanism for direct author markup of manuscripts.
Work is underway to test whether more general models strengthen or weaken the correlation.
Work is underway to try to restore the degraded habitats to their natural state.
Work is underway to upgrade and complete the development of the latter communities.
Work is underway to verify and improve various model elements.
Work is underway to verify SC identification using heterozygous inversions.
Work is underway towards strong pollution controls and safe product migration practices.
Work is underway with blasting operations, excavation, and pavement removal.
Work is underway with several water quality work groups.
Work is underway.
Work is undone.
Work is unfinished as yet.
Work is unoriginal if published either by the authors or by someone else.
Work is unsalaried.
Work is unsatisfactory but all areas have been turned in for consideration.
Work is unskilled in nature.
Work is unstable and offers no security.
Work is untimely, inaccurate and incomplete.
Work is up and welfare rolls are down.
Work is usually afternoon and early evening hours.
Work is usually first.
Work is usually in hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, or patients' homes.
Work is usually laboratory based in multi-disciplinary teams.
Work is usually on a research project under the supervision of senior staff member.
Work is usually quite varied but some assignments emphasize a specific accounting specialty.
Work is usually self-initiated and reviewed in terms of meeting goals and objectives.
Work is usually shift work and many weekends.
Work is usually with people of similar professional status.
Work is valuable for the individual and for the community.
Work is varied and somewhat complex.
Work is varied in subject matter.
Work is varied, from new building to repairs, maintenance, modification and refit work.
Work is varied, intellectually challenging, and important from a public policy standpoint.
Work is varied.
Work is very high complexity.
Work is very important for human beings.
Work is very important to many people.
Work is very minimal and there is no creativity or original ideas expressed.
Work is very nonstandardized and widely varied, involving many complex and significant variables.
Work is very substantial.
Work is very tiring and energy draining.
Work is very, very personal.
Work is victory.
Work is videotaped for critique as well as pure enjoyment.
Work is videotaped so clients are able to view their work and see immediate and positive results.
Work is viewed by some as a heavy burden and by others as the meaning of life.
Work is volunteer.
Work is voracious.
Work is wealth creation, and it can take many forms.
Work is weather dept and appx one day on a weekend once a month.
Work is weather permitting.
Work is well advanced on the Nepalese and Sinhalese versions.
Work is well along on the European old garden roses section.
Work is well in hand to meet the targets they set.
Work is well organized and aesthetically pleasing.
Work is well organized and complete.
Work is well under way for aluminum and titanium couplings.
Work is well under way in both States.
Work is well under way in implementing the employment strategy.
Work is well under way on the next steps in our collaborative work.
Work is well under way to document the project on the world wide web.
Work is well under way to stop the breeding of rabbits, foxes and mice.
Work is well under way, as part of Canada's most comprehensive curriculum reform.
Work is well under way.
Work is well underway and there is a recognition that the time available is limited.
Work is well underway in implementing the employment strategy.
Work is well underway in the two pilot plants.
Work is well underway on adding .fig file capability.
Work is well underway on making the next steps in our collaborative work.
Work is well underway on the dewar and shutter assemblies.
Work is well underway on the festival.
Work is well underway to implement operator overloading .
Work is well underway to prepare the wholesale and retail markets.
Work is what economic rationalists define it to be.
Work is what needs doing.
Work is what pays the bills.
Work is where people bond.
Work is where romance strikes, evidently.
Work is where the fringe benefits are.
Work is where the server is.
Work is wholesome, and there is plenty for everyone.
Work is with clients at high levels in organisations.
Work is with grassroots development projects.
Work is with people.
Work is within a single term or spread out over three consecutive terms.
Work is without errors.
Work is work and doesn t seem to get in the way of life.
Work is work and lunch, well, lunch is something eaten at the desk from a brown paper bag.
Work is work and study is study and diligence is required in all.
Work is work, and all working women deserve fair treatment.
Work is work.
Work is worship only when a noble purpose fills the soul.
Work is worship when performed in the spirit of the service.
Work is worship.
Work is woven into the fabric of daily life in the village and is shared by people of all ages.
Work is written for people who toil in the high tech workplace, from worker bees to CEOs.
Work is written neatly and orderly Spelling and punctuation rules are somewhat followed.
Work is written very neatly and orderly.
Work is yet another theme that can be discussed.
Work is yet to begin.
Work is yet to done to achieve a marketable vaccine.
Work is, if anything, more dangerous in the state-socialist countries than it is here.
Work is, on the whole, clear, precise, and well-reasoned, though with occasional lapses.
Work is, on the whole, reflective of some solid reasoning, though with regular lapses.
Work is, well, work.
Work just goes on and on.
Work just keeps getting in the way of play.
Work keeps a Queen, a Queen.
Work keeps going well.
Work keeps one's mind active and provides a sense of purpose.
Work kills more than war.
Work kinks out of system.
Work knows that career opportunities for women exist in multitudes.
Work lacks meaning and purpose.
Work lacks the use of the tools of the software program.
Work largely is shelved and in-flight entertainment ignored.
Work lasts even in the night.
Work later resumes.
Work leading up to decisions is conducted here.
Work leads and target sales to a specific territory or market.
Work leads to dates, to love, and to lies on both sides.
Work leads to independence.
Work leads to work.
Work leads with distributors and resellers to ensure follow up and closure.
Work Leave to Vote.
Work leaves into growing areas.
Work lies ahead For federal network managers, the challenges ahead are manifold.
Work looks professional.
Work lost is the responsibility of the student .
Work mainly consists of product development.
Work make money.
Work makes a mockery of freedom.
Work makes creativity a goal.
Work makes for a sparkling conversation topic at work.
Work makes life boring, short and gray.
Work makes life sweet.
Work makes people productive.
Work makes the whole thing so much more real, so much less of a holiday.
Work means activities relating to plumbing mechanical engineering services.
Work means food and clothing and hopefully, shelter.
Work means money.
Work means moving a force through a distance.
Work means moving something, lifting something, warming something, lighting something.
Work means opportunity to learn new skills.
Work meets acceptable guidelines.
Work missed due to an unexcused absence generally receives a zero grade.
Work missed on such days is handled the same way as other excused work.
Work missed through absences is difficult to make up.
Work moves on for Ted and Karen with state budget cuts pending.
Work moves slowly for a single man.
Work needs a good deal more revision before it can be published.
Work needs a good deal more work before it can be published.
Work needs done on bathrooms, lights and security phones.
Work needs to be a compassionate place where people can be known, remembered and acknowledged.
Work needs to be absorbing and interesting.
Work needs to be at a stage ready to progress with the class demonstrations.
Work needs to be completed on the inward investment portfolio.
Work needs to be completed prior to the class meeting time.
Work needs to be continued to remove price distortions.
Work needs to be done at the next work party.
Work needs to be done in a timely, thoughtful, and professional manner.
Work needs to be done in meeting needs.
Work needs to be done in some of the other ministries, and in the procurement of justice.
Work needs to be done on a set of definitions that make scientific, legal and policy sense.
Work needs to be done on constructing invariants for all likely viewing conditions.
Work needs to be done on peace among groups.
Work needs to be done to form the editorial committee.
Work needs to be done to further refine testing and quality control procedures.
Work needs to be done to improve our plans.
Work needs to be done to more efficiently use the power that is out there.
Work needs to be done to secure our data before access can be given.
Work needs to be done under the world's street lamps.
Work needs to be done.
Work needs to be followed up upon.
Work needs to be rewarding and pleasant .
Work needs to be turned in on time whether a student is in class or absent.
Work needs to be undertaken with manufacturers to produce an effective spillproof mug.
Work needs to begin on the request for proposals so the program continues uninterrupted.
Work needs to have limits.
Work needs to pay.
Work never ceases, it's just a little less hectic and there is a lot less help available.
Work never seems finished, there is never much in the way of fulfillment.
Work never seems to end, and time becomes a precious commodity.
Work nominated for the award evaluates news media coverage of significant subjects or issues.
Work normally follows routine procedures with frequent inspection by a supervisor.
Work normally follows routine procedures with frequent inspections by a supervisor.
Work now centres around the three dimensional version.
Work now extends to life history questions and conservation issues.
Work now feels like home and home like work.
Work now focuses on bringing the process into suitable form for large-scale production.
Work now lies in finding methods for accurately modeling non stationary noise.
Work now lies in modeling speech absence estimates.
Work now moves on to the rehabilitation phase.
Work now starts on preparing the text for either online delivery or printing in a course pack.
Work occasionally requires carrying heavy loads for overnight stays at inaccessible locations.
Work occupies a central position in adult life.
Work occurs in a protected environment.
Work occurs on ladders, scaffolds, and other above-ground locations.
Work occurs over extended blocks of time .
Work offers readings on any type of building.
Work offers training programs in customer service skills and other training programs.
Work opens up a future of opportunities, of things to do, people to meet and places to go to.
Work organize about that movement therefore aim web page affiliates.
Work organizes life.
Work ought to be fun, especially if individual tasks are less than inspirational.
Work outdoors is preferable since a greater number of men can be trained simultaneously.
Work Pay More and more, a job offers no guarantee against hunger.
Work pays more than welfare.
Work performed at VDTs can require individuals to maintain a fixed position for long periods.
Work performed by paralegals in law firms varies by specific job and size of firm.
Work performed in the usual course of business is employment.
Work performed inside apartments is subject to similar disclosure requirements.
Work performed is credited toward payment of balance due to the college.
Work performed is generally routine, although some specialized knowledge is required.
Work performed is often a segment of a process, procedure or project.
Work performed on any asbestos containing material is done only under controlled conditions.
Work performed on public holidays is regarded as overtime.
Work permits . . . . . . . .
Work permits ess.
Work permits for a foreign country can take months.
Work permits for approved levels of foreign workers.
Work permits for foreign domestic staff.
Work permits for Russia.
Work permits for students are available in the front office for students under eighteen years old.
Work permits in the United States are difficult to obtain.
Work permits monitoring without prior data sets.
Work piles up.
Work plays a central role in all of our lives.
Work plays a central role in the life of all kibbutzim.
Work plays a huge part of what kind of life it is.
Work plays an important part in the picture.
Work plays an important role in financially educating young people.
Work presented can be very preliminary and conjectural.
Work presses against a wall.
Work presses facing away from a wall.
Work primarily entails expanding adult constituencies.
Work primarily is geared toward student development.
Work printed on good quality paper, plus a copy on floppy disk is included in the price.
Work proceeds as normal.
Work proceeds at record pace.
Work proceeds briskly, and the dome is completed in less than two years.
Work proceeds on a new book.
Work proceeds on further episodes.
Work proceeds on making the turntable operational.
Work proceeds on the book.
Work proceeds on the south elevation.
Work proceeds slowly, complicated by the challenges of dealing with a living collection.
Work proceeds to fully enable reflector and web site functionality.
Work proceeds until interrupted or complete.
Work proceeds via a menagerie of modal dialog boxes.
Work produced in previous years is ineligible.
Work produced in the course is performed in concert.
Work produced is sold to the public through a retail gallery.
Work produced mainly for blue chip UK retail companies hence a high level of accuracy is involved.
Work produces heat as a byproduct.
Work produces human qualities.
Work progresses according to the established schedule.
Work Progresses Click on photo for enlarged view.
Work progresses on a more detailed journal, and is being presented a year at a time.
Work progresses on a vaccine.
Work progresses on ground floor corridor walls .
Work progresses on our new modular space offices.
Work progresses on that also.
Work progresses on that project.
Work progresses on the digester lid.
Work progresses on the six remaining sites.
Work progresses well.
Work progresses with organization and feedback from the challenger.
Work proverbce Buyers off lots club among whatever husband.
Work provide leadership for others working in the dining room and setting up breaks.
Work provides a relaxation from and a complement to the mental activity of reading and prayer.
Work provides a routine as well as an identity.
Work provides a unified source of support and information.
Work provides fiscal management at the lowest possible cost.
Work provides lessons about responsibility, punctuality, dealing with people and money management.
Work provides more than a financial lifeline.
Work provides people with a sense of belonging, a place in the order of things.
Work provides self-esteem, social contact and acceptance in the community.
Work provides structure to someone's life.
Work provides the fulfillment of material and emotional needs.
Work Provides youth with disabilities with paid work experience in private and public companies.
Work published in a college or student newspaper or student magazine also is ineligible.
Work published or in progress is desirable.
Work purifies the mind and knowledge dawns in a pure mind.
Work radically changes the female mentality and spirit.
Work rails with paper trays and tackboards help to organize the day's work.
Work ranges from administrative tasks to facilities maintenance to aircraft restoration.
Work ranges from charts to brochures to logo packages and websites.
Work ranges from computational fluid dynamics to electronic structure.
Work ranges from construction of a new hostel to weeding flower beds and much more.
Work ranges from doing small pieces of research to mounting an attractive display panel.
Work ranges from fine art portraiture to cartoon illustration.
Work ranges from lab work to mowing, painting, and field work.
Work ranges from playful to intricate elegance.
Work ranges from realism to abstraction.
Work ranges from regular campaigns with PR firms to developing ads for real estate ventures.
Work ranges from small tops and dried flower vases to salad bowls and large decorating pieces.
Work ranges from solid-state physics through radio frequency and optical sciences.
Work ranges from theoretical to socioeconomic.
Work ranges over a variety of tropical, Mediterranean and temperate situations.
Work receives technical review during progress and upon completion.
Work reflects a poor understanding of art principles.
Work reflects a solid commitment to the learning process and an understanding of the issues.
Work reflects an adequate understanding of art principles.
Work reflects logical, consistent, and sound interpretation of program regulations and policies.
Work relates to how a force acts while a system undergoes a displacement.
Work relates to remote sensing of both the earth's magnetosphere as well as other planets.
Work relieves a man.
Work remaining includes minor earthwork, drainage and paving.
Work remaining includes planting drought-tolerant species.
Work remains a giant pain in the rear at present, with little apparent respite likely.
Work remains in areas of capacity management, database maintenance, and software distribution.
Work remains on a number of unresolved issues.
Work remains the most important part of our lives.
Work remains to be completed, however, to maintain a competitive level.
Work remains to be done and new challenges come to the surface.
Work remains to be done on roof damage that occurred at the same time.
Work remains to be done on the development of an effective redeployment procedure.
Work remains to be done to improve the management of glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis.
Work remains to be done.
Work remains to install bathrooms, water pipes and a new cooler.
Work remains very weird.
Work remains, especially on the key question of capabilities.
Work remains, however, on how to transfer the information to other offices.
Work remains, leaders and downtown supporters say.
Work represents progress in quality, complexity, coherence, subtlety, etc.
Work represents skill development.
Work require contact with governmental officials and the public.
Work required by a scholarship , fellowship or assistant is also acceptable.
Work required by a scholarship, a fellowship, or an assistantship is also acceptable.
Work required by a scholarship, fellowsh ip, or assistantship is also acceptable.
Work required by a scholarship, fellowship or assistantship is also acceptable.
Work required by a scholarship, fellowship, or assistantship is also acceptable.
Work requires a considerable amount of driving.
Work requires a high degree of independent judgement and initiative in determining action required.
Work requires a high degree of independent judgment and initiative.
Work requires a high degree of manipulative skill and adherence to close engineering standards.
Work requires a high degree of tact, diplomacy, and courtesy in working with the business community.
Work requires a high level of precision and accuracy to ensure quality assurance compliance.
Work requires a substantial element of personal risk.
Work requires ability to communicate effectively orally and in writing.
Work requires ability to work outside in extreme weather conditions.
Work requires access to and ability to use a spreadsheet.
Work requires accuracy and efficiency on tight deadlines.
Work requires accurate standards of performance which are subject to audit.
Work requires an intermediate level of skill.
Work requires an overall, in-depth knowledge of the product, process and technology involved.
Work requires analysis and testing of a variety of established procedures and techniques.
Work requires analysis funds allocations and requirement for cost savings analysis.
Work requires analysis of funds allocations and requirement for cost savings analysis.
Work requires applying a theoretical knowledge base to develop recommendations and conclusions.
Work requires assisting with home management for elderly clients in their own homes.
Work requires basic knowledge of company policies, procedures and operations.
Work requires basic level design skills, as well as two-color print production skills.
Work requires caring for and attending to the elderly in their own homes.
Work requires close and personal interaction with the elderly.
Work requires close concentration to avoid error when operating.
Work requires close visual concentration for extended periods.
Work requires communication with all levels of academic personnel.
Work requires communication with all levels of college management and staff.
Work requires conceptual and imaginative thinking in a highly complex and uncharted environment.
Work requires considerable independent judgment.
Work requires considerable interaction with field staff.
Work requires considerable organizational skill to accomplish.
Work requires constant attention to all engine room plant systems.
Work requires constant contact with the public.
Work requires constant standing and walking on concrete or iron walkways.
Work requires constant vigilance in order to promptly detect forest and dangerous fire conditions.
Work requires contact with governmental agencies and the public.
Work requires contact with governmental agencies, transit agencies and the public.
Work requires contact with governmental officials and the public.
Work requires contact with the public and requires contact with governmental agencies.
Work requires contact with the public.
Work requires continual attention to detail.
Work requires driver to make and follow established routes.
Work requires energy.
Work requires entering confined spaces, removing snow on runways, and exposure to loud noises.
Work requires evaluating archeological findings.
Work requires excessive periods of standing.
Work requires extensive contact with division and district personnel and with the public.
Work requires extensive contact with the public.
Work requires extensive public contact.
Work requires extensive work using a computer.
Work requires foreign travel and involves work with all parts of the organization at all levels.
Work requires frequent bending, reaching and climbing.
Work requires frequent contact with the public.
Work requires frequent contact with various agencies and the general public.
Work requires frequent direct interaction with mentally ill inmates.
Work requires frequent lifting and carrying.
Work requires frequent standing, walking, bending.
Work requires frequent walking and standing for extended periods of time.
Work requires getting up every morning.
Work requires good vision, and eye and hand coordination.
Work requires good written and verbal communication skills.
Work requires incumbent to push bins, carts or use a hand-truck when necessary.
Work requires independent judgement and initiative within established procedures.
Work requires independent judgment and attention to detail in the performance of projects assigned.
Work requires independent judgment within the framework of federal labor laws and regulations.
Work requires individual skilled performance in accordance with standard trade practices.
Work requires initiative and judgement.
Work requires irregular shifts, some nights and weekends.
Work requires journey level knowledge of construction methods and materials requirements.
Work requires knowledge and use of general office equipment and procedures.
Work requires knowledge of creative computer design principles of print production.
Work requires knowledge of principles and practices of related specialties.
Work requires knowledge of specialized, technical, or scientific terminology.
Work requires lifting and carrying heavy objects.
Work requires lifting and moving heavy items.
Work requires lifting and moving heavy objects.
Work requires little or no choice for determining differences or choosing the course of action.
Work requires long periods of standing and recurring bending and reaching.
Work requires long periods of standing, stooping, bending, and reaching or sitting at a work bench.
Work requires long periods of standing, walking, stooping, reaching and pulling.
Work requires long periods of walking and standing.
Work requires longer hours, jobs are less secure, and pressures to spend more intense.
Work requires mostly walking and standing.
Work requires multiple adjustments to the equipment before and during operation.
Work requires no previous experience in a craft or trade.
Work requires North Carolina electrician licensure or certification.
Work requires North Carolina electrician's licensure or certification.
Work requires occasional physical exertion and work under stressful situations.
Work requires only spot checking.
Work requires personal judgement and initiative.
Work requires personal judgment and initiative.
Work requires physical stamina .
Work requires Planning.
Work requires previous experience using chainsaws and building rock structures.
Work requires professional written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.
Work requires prolonged standing on concrete floors and walking over a rough and uneven terrain.
Work requires reasoning skills and judgement.
Work requires regular and recurring standing, walking bending, lifting and stooping.
Work requires regular and recurring standing, walking, bending, lifting and stooping.
Work requires resource delivery.
Work requires responding to emergency notification on an as needed basis.
Work requires self sacrifices.
Work requires self-motivation, reliability and the ability to work independently.
Work requires seven years progressive management experience in health care administration.
Work requires significant local travel to current and potential clients.
Work requires some strenuous manual activity.
Work requires sophisticated reasoning skills.
Work requires stooping, reaching and lifting.
Work requires strong planning, organization, analytical and communication skills.
Work requires strong planning, organizing and analytical skills.
Work requires strong research, analytical, planning and communication abilities.
Work requires substantial knowledge of items sold.
Work requires tact and finesse in dealing with individuals when securing delinquent funds.
Work requires technical analysis and design capabilities.
Work requires testing and security clearance.
Work requires the ability to make decisions of some significance.
Work requires the ability to multi-task and to be flexible.
Work requires the application of logic and common sense.
Work requires the application of technical skill toward the solution of landscape projects.
Work requires the daily use of a computer.
Work requires the employee to oversee the day to day operations of services offered.
Work requires the exercise of a high degree of independence and the use or sound judgment.
Work requires the exercise of considerable independent judgement.
Work requires the exercise of discretion, judgment, and personal responsibility.
Work requires the exercise of initiative and some independent judgment.
Work requires the exercise of judgment in the selection of techniques and materials.
Work requires the exercise of some independent judgement and initiative.
Work requires the independent adaptation of new and existing analytical methods.
Work requires the independent application of a variety of established engineering practices.
Work requires the use and exercise of independent judgment.
Work requires the use of a personal automobile for local travel.
Work requires the use of personal automobile for local travel.
Work requires thorough knowledge of concepts and recent developments in the specialty area.
Work requires too much time away from shooting to own so many bows.
Work requires travel away from the duty station on an occasional basis.
Work requires travel, sitting the majority of the day and intermediate math skills.
Work requires travel.
Work requires use of tact and interpersonal skills with patrons.
Work requires walking, bending and standing for long periods of time.
Work requires walking, lifting, climbing, bending, reaching and kneeling.
Work requires weekends, evenings and holidays.
Work requires willingness to work a flexible schedule and occasional overnight travel.
Work requires willingness to work a flexible schedule and travel.
Work requires willingness to work a flexible schedule in a fast-paced startup environment.
Work requires willingness to work a flexible schedule.
Work requiring permits ordinarily is performed only by registered, licensed contractors.
Work resumes following a review and approval of the draft.
Work resumes on the Stone Mountain carving.
Work rounds with attending radiologist several times per day.
Work rounds with selected radiology faculty in performance of daily radiologic duties.
Work rows directly beneath each other.
Work s a bitch.
Work safely Make sure that people who are working with electricity are competent to do the job.
Work saved on local hard drives is erased each time a fresh image is loaded.
Work scheduled is subject to change due to inclement weather and material supplies.
Work seems appealing and absorbing again.
Work seems never-ending on the north end island as well.
Work seems to be a common obstacle shared by a number of students.
Work seems to be going at a snail's pace.
Work seems to have been done well.
Work seems to have been organized on the basis of a nine-day week.
Work seems to have been recently completed on a large house to the east.
Work selected for exhibition includes sculpture, prints, drawings, photography and mixed-media.
Work serves prayer as long as it remains a subordinate element in the monastic regime.
Work sets the rules, and people arrange their lives accordingly.
Work Setting Transcriptionists usually work in clean, well-lit offices.
Work shadowing therefore focuses on work roles as well as work tasks and skills.
Work shapes nearly everyone's life.
Work shown includes paintings, sculpture, watercolours, drawings, original prints, and ceramics.
Work shows a commitment of time, effort, and energy.
Work shows a good understanding of the requirements.
Work shows a minimal commitment of time, effort, and energy.
Work shows care, neatness, attention to detail, pride.
Work shows flexibility of thinking, as evidenced in the variety of works presented.
Work shows little attention to detail and includes many grammar and spelling errors.
Work shows little commitment of time, effort, and energy.
Work shows little evidence of purpose or organization.
Work shows little or no effort.
Work shows little understanding of the requirement.
Work shows new ideas and insight.
Work shows new ideas and insights.
Work shows no understanding of problem.
Work shows outstanding thought, skill, creativity, and intellectual sophistication.
Work shows some evidence of care, neatness, attention to detail, pride.
Work shows some evidence of thought, originality, creativity.
Work shows that group discussed all factors.
Work shows that group engaged in thoughtful discussion.
Work shows that group thoroughly discussed all factors.
Work shows understanding but still has many mistakes.
Work shows use of some different drawing and writing tools.
Work shows very good use of the drawing and writing tools.
Work slows as crews bundle up and have to take breaks from work in subzero temperatures.
Work slows as the night air gets damp and chilly.
Work so done, as B.B.Warfield once said, is done for all time.
Work so published is then permanently available to the scientific communitity.
Work so published is then permanently available to the scientific community.
Work soothes the soul when joys depart, And often mends a broken heart.
Work speeds up.
Work spells the difference in the life of a man or woman.
Work starts above the sheer.
Work starts beginning of first summer term and ends at the end of second summer term.
Work starts early so breakfast is very early on a kibbutz.
Work starts early, goes late on a dairy farm.
Work starts immediately.
Work starts in the freshman year.
Work starts now to prepare the first 'Call for Papers'.
Work starts on Las Vegas Monorail.
Work starts on the first day of the Ee'aloro'alan week.
Work starts on the Lake Washington Floating Bridge.
Work starts on two flood channels intended to remedy the persistent flooding.
Work starts right away.
Work starts soon on a new public pool in the city for county residents.
Work starts soon.
Work starts to dismantle historic pier.
Work starts up again tomorrow.
Work starts with plan activities.
Work starts with the restoration of the building's stone basements.
Work stays behind.
Work stays in the public sector.
Work still continues at the resort, much of it designed to meet guests' changing needs and tastes.
Work still continues there on a yearly basis.
Work still continues.
Work still follows the old seasonal and daily rhythms on the farm today.
Work still gives meaning to rural life, the family, and churches.
Work still needs done in the closet - terminate cables.
Work still needs to be done at all levels.
Work still needs to be done in adjusting offsets for waterlines.
Work still needs to be done on it to balance the power consumption between users.
Work still needs to be done on the documentation, but much of it is in draft as test scripts.
Work still needs to be done to ensure widespread interoperability between all vendors.
Work still needs to be done to make the page user friendly.
Work still needs to be done, however, on improving the clarity of the language.
Work still needs to be done.
Work still sucks a fair bit.
Work still sucks.
Work stoppage the lowest.
Work stops at sunset.
Work stops cold, repairs and downtime are expensive.
Work stops for days or even weeks at a time.
Work submitted after a deadline is valueless.
Work submitted late is penalized.
Work sucks as well.
Work supports resources.
Work supports the feeling of self-worth and gives one an identity as well as financial independence.
Work surfaces no longer have to be stationary.
Work takes many forms, in many places and under many different conditions.
Work takes on a dreamlike rightness when it is rooted in daily practice and profound pleasure.
Work takes on another dimension when mental health issues are involved.
Work takes on new meanings full of double binds .
Work takes place before, during, and after school hours.
Work takes place both in the classroom and at the client s work location.
Work takes place in all major cities and surrounding areas.
Work takes place in heterogeneous, collaborative groups .
Work takes place in lying and sitting positions as well as standing and walking.
Work takes place mainly on site with some provision for supplemental indoor studio time.
Work takes up a lot of our lives.
Work takes up a significant part of the day.
Work takes up most of the time on a cruise.
Work takes up much more time in our lives than does family.
Work takes up so much of our lives.
Work tends to be appreciated in a wider context than simply as personal expression.
Work tends to be very compartmentalized and specialized.
Work tends to come from personal approaches and recommendations.
Work tends to show evidence of originality, rather than simple rote execution.
Work then stops.
Work there is supposed to begin in about three years.
Work therefore is an honor.
Work therefore needs to be orderly.
Work threads back through and tie some very small knots.
Work thresholds for repetitive hand-intensive activities.
Work thus has a monetary significance.
Work transforms the household context for communicating media.
Work typically includes letters, manuscripts, statistical tables and a variety of business forms.
Work typically includes routine and complex assignments.
Work typically includes routine assignments.
Work typically includes stone masonry, stone cutting, tiling, paving, and drystone walling.
Work typically involves analysis of data for trends and variances.
Work typically requires a detailed understanding of the interrelationships of circuits.
Work undertaken includes musicals, concerts etc.
Work undertaken is in both new boat construction and repairs to tired or damaged craft.
Work unites people.
Work using dialogue, songs and slang is included.
Work varies during the year.
Work varies from clerical work to laboratory and library assistance.
Work varies from line work, to jackets and full colour illustrations.
Work varies from project to project.
Work varies from recruiting and orienting new employees to training seminars.
Work wakens enthusiasm and calls out a man s noblest qualities.
Work Watch the action in a small cubicle of some insignificant guy at work.
Work wins major awards.
Work written in pencil or light colored ink is unacceptable.
Works accepted by the program thus far range from movies to dramas and plays.
Works allows only a single form per database.
Works also allows several reports per database.
Works also consists of standard explanations of personnel programs or policies.
Works also displays a picture and a description of the selection.
Works also has an embedded help window.
Works appear in alphabetical order by title.
Works appear in some of Pennsylvania's most historic sites.
Works appear strange and unsettling, despite their superficial naturalism.
Works are a necessary result of saving faith.
Works are a product of salvation.
Works are a reality folks.
Works are a result of being saved, never a cause .
Works are a sign of the acceptance or denial of grace.
Works are a writer's tools.
Works are alphabetical by author.
Works are also available for purchase online.
Works are also for sale.
Works are also underway to facilitate the exit procedure in systematic, efficient ways.
Works are an essential part of any sort of faith.
Works are available as limited editions prints.
Works are available for purchase.
Works are available for sale and commissions are accepted.
Works are available for sale.
Works are available from the major distributors of media art.
Works are by published and previously unpublished poets.
Works are chiefly combinations of colored ink and collage.
Works are currently ahead of programme.
Works are desirable, and in some cases necessary, but prayer is absolutely indispensable.
Works are either worth everything or they are worth nothing.
Works are expressionistic and vibrant in color.
Works are for sale .
Works are for sale directly from the artist.
Works are for sale under the strictest vetting conditions.
Works are for sale, but the exhibition is free and can be seen on our second floor gallery.
Works are for sale, exhibition space available by application.
Works are for sale.
Works are generally large.
Works are highly vibrant and inspired by jazz music.
Works are important, but only if they are motivated by the quest to deepen our faith.
Works are impressionist and realist in nature.
Works are in a variety of galleries and outlets throughout the province.
Works are in ceramics, fiber, wood, and metals.
Works are in English or English translation.
Works are in English, French, German and Italian.
Works are in oil, acrylic, multimedia and digital format.
Works are in pencil, ink and acrylic.
Works are in pencil, pen or brush and ink, watercolor, finger paint, and pastel.
Works are in private collections in Belarus, Russia, Germany.
Works are in progress on the use of microwave remote-sensing and low altitude imagery.
Works are in progress to build an artesian well in the hostel yard.
Works are inconclusive.
Works are mainly watercolor with some oils and acrylics.
Works are means for the origination of knowledge.
Works are mostly on paper, using pen and ink, paint or collaged photographs.
Works are necessary for salvation.
Works are of a spritual nature, straight from the soul.
Works are often available in artcard format as well as full-size prints and reproductions.
Works are often collaborative, created with like-minded composers, poets, and singers.
Works are often experimental for either the dancer or the art form.
Works are often expressive, all over compositions.
Works are on display for sale.
Works are on loan from the individuals listed unless otherwise noted.
Works are produced through photographs, therefore distance is no object.
Works are products of ideologies that limit awareness, contain and repress desire.
Works are proof of faith.
Works are still works.
Works are subject to publication.
Works are suitable for home or business purposes.
Works are supported and preserved by local councils.
Works are the driving force.
Works are the evidence of faith.
Works are the fruit of faith.
Works are the fruits of grace.
Works are the fruits of our new life.
Works are the good fruit hanging on the living tree of faith.
Works are the mode by which faith is expressed.
Works are the result of true salvation.
Works are under way.
Works are underway to clean up the airport which was ruined by the tornado.
Works are varied, including wolves, monkeys, owls, lions and more.
Works are very .
Works are viewed in literary context but critical assessment of individual texts is stressed.
Works are what determines a person s eternal destiny.
Works are what make faith happen, they are what make it alive.
Works are yet again intimately connected with eternal judgment.
Works authored by participants are on display and are for sale at the college bookstore.
Works automatically scales the chart to the new size.
Works based on the Holocaust frequently feel overwrought.
Works become a launching pad for other forms of works, which in turn lead to other artists.
Works become the essential result and consequence of faith a sure and predictable byproduct.
Works begin in class and are finished outside of class.
Works blend visual wit with the artist's concern for the planet's fate.
Works can be articles, chapters, reviews, pastiches of quotations, etc.
Works can be in any language.
Works can be in any medium.
Works can be joint collaborative efforts.
Works can be noisy and are occasionally hot, wet, and humid because of hot liquid and equipment.
Works can be of any type.
Works can be realistic, expressionistic or completely abstract.
Works can carry over during the processing of the title plan.
Works can create smashing cards, and letters to friends, family, and if needed, business assoicates.
Works can enter the public domain several ways.
Works can include fine letterpress printing, calligraphy, fine and edition binding, artist's books.
Works can present facts, opinion, propoganda, or all three in varying degrees.
Works can range from hyper-realistic portraits to abstracted landscapes to symbolic still lifes.
Works centers the paragraph and adds a border to the top and bottom.
Works combine verbal inventiveness with typographical innovations.
Works complete the faith.
Works consist of various subject matter with an emphasis on flowers.
Works contain a challah cover, a reference to Chagall.
Works continually rotate for the duration of the show.
Works continues on transition plan.
Works copies the formula to the highlighted cells and calculates the difference for each month.
Works cover ecclesiastical and local history, genealogy, and scientific fields.
Works created by an individual while employed by the federal government are in the public domain.
Works creates and displays a bar chart.
Works dealing with the history of equality issues are also welcome.
Works deletes the illustration and redisplays the chart.
Works depict the landscape of the Finger Lakes Region.
Works displays any charts associated with the spreadsheet.
Works displays each record on a separate line.
Works displays handles around the chart to show it is selected.
Works displays handles around the chart.
Works displays manual page breaks as dotted lines.
Works displays the format picture dialog box.
Works displays the records from oldest to newest.
Works employed for projects are random-axial sculpture in fibre reinforced resin.
Works express the ideal life, Created among human and brothers of life.
Works freelance for film and theatre.
Works give life to faith.
Works hang apart that depend on one another for sense.
Works have a bearing on the level of reward.
Works have merit.
Works have nothing to do with it.
Works have nothing to do with our justifying eternal life.
Works have to be signed and separately marked as originals or part of a limited edition.
Works here are unusual, difficult to categorize, and often provocative.
Works here range from sound sculpture to gourd sculpture.
Works illustrate the life of the singer-songwriter who influenced generations of musicians.
Works illustrated are the products of unique collaborations between students and instructors.
Works inches from the spectators.
Works independently needs little assistance.
Works inserts a blank line after the chart.
Works inserts a field placeholder in the Label box.
Works inserts the chart into the progress report.
Works inserts the chart into the report.
Works inserts the chart over the illustration in the newsletter.
Works inserts the clip art in the newsletter.
Works inserts the clip art on the form.
Works inserts the clip art, which has handles around it.
Works inserts the data into the field and moves to the second record.
Works inserts the Last Name field into the form.
Works inserts the spreadsheet data into the letter.
Works inserts the Type field at the top of the form.
Works involving construction include dams, retaining walls and foundations.
Works involving removal include excavation, tunnelling and open pit mining.
Works involving soil conservation are a good investment from a regional economic point of view.
Works just find.
Works lats effectively.
Works lender loan to, facility find more experience stafford and plus.
Works listed in column four are usually by date of publication.
Works lists all open files in the Window menu.
Works made by employees within the scope of their employment are works made for hire.
Works made of wood and ivory are especially susceptible to damage.
Works make faith perfect.
Works make strong statements about the environment with realistically portrayed subject matter.
Works moves the chart behind the illustration.
Works moves the highlight to the cell below.
Works moves the highlight to the next cell to the right.
Works moves the insertion point to the header.
Works moves the insertion point to the second line of the form.
Works only perfect with german keyboard table.
Works originate with the flesh.
Works overlooking the old bed of the Valley Pike are in good condition.
Works point to man.
Works posted in the halls let students develop their own views.
Works precede faith.
Works previously published are acceptable.
Works produced include drawing and painting, photography and other media.
Works prove the character of our faith.
Works provides links to Medieval books in electronic format.
Works provides website hosting and related services to a broad range of clients.
Works range from abstract to contemporary to portraits.
Works range from bronzes, jades, ceramics, painting to sculpture.
Works range from comic antics to dances of lyrical beauty.
Works range from excerpts to complete texts, but level of difficulty becomes increasingly higher.
Works range from four to more than forty pages in length.
Works range from highly representational landscapes to more abstract interpretations.
Works range from paintings and drawings to sculpture made from clay, wool and wire.
Works range from paintings and sculpture to hand hand craftedcrafted pottery and jewelry.
Works range from porcelain jewelry, raku ware to large sculpture work.
Works range from pottery, glass and wood to sketching and painting.
Works range from realistic images to abstracted and non-representational compositions.
Works range from sculpture and installations to oil painting and stained glass work.
Works range from the traditional dance styles of several African countries to contemporary ballads.
Works range from traditional oil paintings to digital photography and dynamic aqua media.
Works range from traditional to contemporary.
Works range in a variety of subject from figures, horses, still life and abstract landscpaes.
Works read in entirety.
Works read in translation or in Spanish.
Works read vary from year to year.
Works reflect Malaysia's unique and rich interculturalism.
Works relating to other regions of Africa are, however, also eligible for submission.
Works remain on display for the public for the entire weekend.
Works represent a broad diversity of media, approaches, and perspectives.
Works represent several French-speaking countries.
Works represent the mediums of photography, sculpture, painting, drawing, printmaking and ceramics.
Works represent various schools, but primarily modern.
Works represented are by UO faculty and other artists.
Works represented in the exhibition are from major and smaller workshops.
Works resulting in patents and copyrights tend to be the consequence of intellectual property.
Works round the clock throughout the year - No holiday.
Works say something, too, because of how anyone today has learned to hear.
Works serve our neighbor and supply the proof that faith is living.
Works serve the neighbour and supply the proof that faith is living.
Works sit side by side according to theme, comparing subjects and styles.
Works slows down.
Works smooth together with all mouse drivers.
Works span the colonial period to the early twentieth century.
Works stand-alone, storing the information read in an internal memory or sending it to the computer.
Works start on Rostock tunnel, Germany's first private road infrastructure.
Works still has a spreadsheet and a database.
Works superb on any set such as pocket set, crawdad hole and stake out.
Works tend to be highly focused and practical.
Works tend to be studio based, tightly crafted, and based in the academy.
Works then creates a progress report for each student.
Works trace the German experience through the wars.
Works viewable online. .
Works well is shorter lengths with modern carving technique, too.
Works widens the column width so that the entire entry appears in the column.
Works widens the column width so that the longest entry fits in the column.
Works wonder downwind in a breeze, and also upwind in a breeze.
Work always comes first.
Work always goes more smoothly if taken in constant, small, manageable chunks.
Work always requires motion of a system or parts of it, moving the system's center of mass.
Work frequently needs to be redone, and progress comes in fits and starts.
Work often begins in the early morning while it is still cool.
Work often begins with collecting large numbers of images of clinical specimens.
Work often includes performing strenuous, hazardous tasks during emergency situations.
Work often involves women's issues.
Work often is done in conjunction with experiment.
Work often requires expert workmanship to finish surfaces to exact specifications.
Work often requires expertise and background in a specialized field.
Work often stressful as some clients are hard to help and some hard to like.
Works often incorporate and integrate scientific themes with more subjective contents.
Works often return to industrial materials, with a ramshackle, castoff kind of construction.
Work sometimes involves interaction with people who are angry or in crisis.
Work sometimes requires up to one month trips with as little as a two-week notice.
Work usually constitutes part of the student's thesis research.
Work usually grinds to a halt.
Work usually involves moving matter from one place to another, causing a chemical reaction to occur.
Work usually involves painting on wood, fabric, gourds, metal or other surfaces.
Work usually involves the use of precision machines and instruments.
Work usually is performed in a specialized laboratory or other hospital or clinical setting.
Work usually is very demanding and more often, there are no set working hours.
Work usually passes review.
Work usually requires maintaining close engineering tolerances.
Work usually requires scheduled sampling and the execution of repetitive tests.
Work usually runs about six hours a day, five days a week.
Work usually takes place in a project team, which is often based on the clients' premises.
All work above is due on the first day of class, typed and double-spaced.
All work assigned to be turned in is due at the beginning of the class.
All work begins with a B .
All work benefits the school programs in areas of sports, the arts and academics.
All work brings responsibilities, problems, demands and pressures.
All work can go indoors or outdoors.
All work carries a lifetime guarantee against craftsmanship defects.
All work carries a point value.
All work carries our warranty.
All work comes with a guaranteed fixed price quote for no surprise invoices.
All work completed with the help of anyone else is to be noted when the work is submitted.
All work conducted follows the principle of autonomous learning from visual demonstration.
All work conforms to applicable codes.
All work conforms to local and state building codes.
All work considered for publication is subjected to rigorous blind peer review.
All work contains flaws.
All work counts towards grade calculation.
All work done by committee members is voluntary.
All work done by computer for accuracy and rates are reasonable.
All work done by hand, start to finish.
All work done by the maintenance service is tracked by work orders .
All work done by the paralegal is billed at paralegal rate, rather than at attorney rate.
All work done by the SyrCOM staff is voluntary and constitutes a service to the community.
All work done by the volunteers is initiated and directed by local community leadership.
All work done for the class is assumed to be pledged.
All work done for the degree is to be completed within a period of four calendar years.
All work done for the organization is done by volunteers.
All work done here is a labor of love.
All work done here seeks to win the greatest acclaim.
All work done in support of our clients is confidential unless otherwise specified by the customer.
All work done is deemed for commercial purposes.
All work done is on a volunteer basis, be nice please.
All work done is still experimental.
All work done of the site is on a volunteer basis.
All work done on repository objects is performed in the context of a workarea.
All work done on the site is done inside the web browser.
All work done outside of class to be turned in is to be typed.
All work done to date are drafts .
All work done to date are drafts.
All work ends up in the form of a bill submitted for reimbursement.
All work evolves through a flexible, recursive process.
All work follows the modern standards and guidelines of software engineering.
All work given to the community is important.
All work goes into the database.
All work goes through a final editing by a second translator before it is dispatched to the client.
All work guaranteed with a fast turn around, dealers welcome email for free estimates .
All work has a one year warrantee.
All work has a threefold moral significance.
All work has alternative explanations.
All work has dignity and therefore all workers deserve a living wage.
All work has dignity.
All work has equal value.
All work has that in mind, to know of redemption.
All work has to be completed before the student has the opportunity to take the test for the unit.
All work has to be handed in or emailed before the start of the final exam. .
All work has to be hidden.
All work has to be of Ph.D. standard.
All work has to be turned in at the time it is due.
All work here is volunteer.
All work includes a certificate of warranty.
All work includes a full guarantee on all service and workmanship.
All work includes warranty.
All work invoiced during the month is itemized on a monthly statement.
All work involves actual cases, either in the courtroom or the prosecutor's office.
All work involves packing and preparing for shipment of one item and another.
All work is a process.
All work is accompanied by a written guarantee.
All work is accomplished at reasonable and competitive rates.
All work is accomplished by volunteers who serve without salary as the board of directors.
All work is accomplished by volunteers.
All work is according to current applicable code manuals.
All work is accurate and powerfully written.
All work is accurate and the report is well organized, clearly written, and interesting to read.
All work is acknowledged.
All work is adapted to the ability and needs of the individual student.
All work is advisory in nature and is directed to the client rather than the underwriters.
All work is always confidential and handled by non-judgemental editors.
All work is always confidential and handled non judgmentally.
All work is an act of philosophy.
All work is an opportunity.
All work is and done to the clients satisfaction and can be maintained for a small hourly fee.
All work is anticipated to be completed early fall.
All work is appropriate.
All work is approved prior to commencement and inspected prior to payment.
All work is assessed coursework.
All work is assessed in relation to current professional standards.
All work is assigned specific point values as shown on the Grade Sheet.
All work is assumed to be solely prepared by each student.
All work is at our Lexington facility.
All work is available for purchase through a secure transaction.
All work is available for sale.
All work is available in sterling silver.
All work is available to view and purchase on-line.
All work is available with expert licensed installation.
All work is backed by warranties, and first class workmanship is guaranteed.
All work is backup and stored in fire proof lock boxes.
All work is based on English translations.
All work is based on high priority consumer needs.
All work is based on how the emotions and thought are affected by actions.
All work is based on Pictish imagery.
All work is batch - submitted with controls parameters.
All work is billed at the rates applicable at the time the work is ordered.
All work is billed by the hour, including travel time.
All work is billed for on a per hour basis with hourly charges per schedule .
All work is billed on a time-and materials basis for services performed.
All work is billed on an hourly programming rate based on the size of the project.
All work is black and white.
All work is booked on a guaranteed contract basis, two months to two years in advance.
All work is booked on a guaranteed contract basis, usually two months to two years in advance.
All work is by local artists and each artist takes turns working in the shop one day per month.
All work is by video instruction along with tutor assistance.
All work is carried out according to recognised professional standards and is fully documented.
All work is carried out at the customer's request.
All work is carried out by a certified technician with our complete confidentiality guarantee.
All work is carried out by a researcher under professional supervision.
All work is carried out by native speakers of the target languages.
All work is carried out by our dedicated team of industry professionals and laboratory staff.
All work is carried out by our principals or under their direct and close supervision.
All work is carried out by our skilled subcontractors.
All work is carried out by unpaid volunteers.
All work is carried out by volunteers across the land.
All work is carried out in accordance with the most recent health and safety legislation.
All work is carried out in secure conditions and full confidentiality is maintained at all times.
All work is carried out in the strictest confidence.
All work is carried out in the traditional way.
All work is carried out in-house.
All work is carried out on an hourly rate.
All work is carried out to SABS requirements.
All work is carried out to the highest standards and at competitive rates.
All work is carried out under the guidelines of federal and state laws.
All work is chargeable.
All work is charged in Canadian dollars.
All work is charged to the requesting department.
All work is checked and proofed thoroughly before it is sent to the client.
All work is commercially secure and can be undertaken in restricted areas.
All work is commisioned on an as needed basis.
All work is complete and correct.
All work is complete and free to read online or to download.
All work is complete and the road is open to traffic.
All work is complete except for the installation of trees, bushes, and sod.
All work is completed according to our written technical specifications.
All work is completed and submitted on-line.
All work is completed at reasonable prices.
All work is completed by our company and then published in the paper.
All work is completed efficiently and priced competitively.
All work is completed in a timely fashion, and in a professional manner.
All work is completed in accordance with all local and national fire and building codes.
All work is completed in accordance with applicable code requirements.
All work is completed in house and is fully computerized.
All work is completed locally All client data remains in Japan.
All work is completed on an individual basis, allowing maximum flexibility for study.
All work is completed on our premises.
All work is completed to archival standards.
All work is completed to the best of each person's ability.
All work is completed to the highest international quality standards.
All work is completed under faculty supervision.
All work is completely confidential and is completely documented.
All work is completely confidential.
All work is completely custom made.
All work is conducted by highly skilled production personnel.
All work is conducted on a contract basis.
All work is conducted on an unclassified basis.
All work is conducted online via email and the web.
All work is conducted to a high professional standard with technical and commercial integrity.
All work is conducted under the supervision of a licensed veterinarian.
All work is conducted with the permission of the landowner.
All work is conducted with the utmost discrection to provide the client complete anonymity.
All work is conducted within the Designated Area.
All work is confidential and proprietary.
All work is confidential and virtually anonymous .
All work is confidential.
All work is considered for online exhibitions, and other special projects.
All work is considered for online exhibitions, traveling programs, and other special projects.
All work is considered individual effort.
All work is contracted, and deposits are required.
All work is contractual with fees, rights and deadlines included.
All work is contributed by foundation memebers and their friends.
All work is contributory.
All work is coordinated through e-mail.
All work is coordinated with the trades to en sure the maximum efficiency.
All work is copyrightable.
All work is copyrighted .
All work is copyrighted and protected by international laws.
All work is copyrighted to the respective artist.
All work is copyrighted.
All work is copywritten by the authors and is reproduced here with permission.
All work is corrected and evaluated by the teacher.
All work is covered.
All work is created digitally and archived for easy access.
All work is credited to the contributor.
All work is critical to avoid customer outages and minimize downtime.
All work is critiqued by both faculty and fellow students.
All work is currently voluntary.
All work is custom and priced very reasonably.
All work is custom carved to clients specs.
All work is custom designed for each individual customer.
All work is custom designed to meet our clients' specific needs.
All work is custom made to the customer's specifications.
All work is custom.
All work is customized to the project.
All work is customized.
All work is deadline-sensitive, and fast turnaround is of paramount importance.
All work is deadline-sensitive, and in some cases fast turnaround is of paramount importance.
All work is delivered on time and as specified in the drawings.
All work is dependent on amount of revenue bonds awarded and results of student elections.
All work is dependent upon weather conditions.
All work is designed and completed in-house.
All work is designed to accompany the lecture.
All work is designed with the aid of the computer.
All work is digitized.
All work is direted toward meeting individual needs of the children.
All work is discussed in a work-shop situation.
All work is discussed on the Web Characterization Activity Forum .
All work is discussed prior to commencement.
All work is discussed within the Web Characterization Activity Forum .
All work is documented and a copy supplied to the customer for future reference.
All work is documented in formal customer reports upon project completion.
All work is donated.
All work is done according to the latest codes and insurance requirements.
All work is done according to traditional methods way and with great craftmanship.
All work is done and sent online.
All work is done at home.
All work is done at no cost to the U.S. taxpayer.
All work is done at owner's risk.
All work is done by appointment and a limited number of loaner cars are available.
All work is done by appointment only, except for tire and oil changes and state inspections.
All work is done by appointment only.
All work is done by dedicated volunteers.
All work is done by departmental staff.
All work is done by estimate only.
All work is done by experts in their specialty areas, and our solutions are satisfaction guaranteed.
All work is done by hand and is non polluting.
All work is done by hand including buttonholes, hems and any other stitching required.
All work is done by hand to our exacting standards.
All work is done by hand without the use of digital art, hand coloring or traditional toning.
All work is done by hand.
All work is done by mail or fax.
All work is done by our own hands at our studio.
All work is done by our professionals and is fully guaranteed.
All work is done by owner.
All work is done by qualified licensed and bonded contractors selected by the homeowner.
All work is done by recognised professional cartoonists.
All work is done by the scouts, and they reap all the rewards.
All work is done by the software.
All work is done by the students under the supervision of the instructor.
All work is done by trained professionals.
All work is done by unpaid volunteers.
All work is done by using state of the art equipment.
All work is done by volonteers and only one community has a part-time rabbi.
All work is done by volunteers at no cost to the homeowner or facility.
All work is done by volunteers, both skilled and unskilled.
All work is done by volunteers.
All work is done collaboratively in student teams.
All work is done collaboratively.
All work is done communally, constantly accompanied by noisy background music from the radio.
All work is done custom.
All work is done during classtime hours.
All work is done during library hours on a computer.
All work is done during school hours under the supervision of a teacher.
All work is done during the sessions.
All work is done entirely in our premises.
All work is done except for one new location that needs the face plate terminated and tested.
All work is done except for terminating the coax cables, which is to be done tomorrow.
All work is done except for terminating the coax in the basement.
All work is done except for testing and terminating one location by the bleachers.
All work is done for a flat fee which is mutually agreed upon before commencement of the project.
All work is done for research purposes only.
All work is done free of charge.
All work is done freehand.
All work is done from our offices located in the north end of Columbus Ohio.
All work is done from photos.
All work is done from tanks of molten glass, using a traditional techniques.
All work is done in a completely enclosed area to protect workers and the environment.
All work is done in a timely fashion, to agreed upon deadlines, and with great attention to detail.
All work is done in accordance with all local and state building codes.
All work is done in accordance with state and local building codes.
All work is done in black and white in a variety of media.
All work is done in black and white.
All work is done in Clovis, New Mexico.
All work is done in current time-clinical and administrative activities intermingle.
All work is done in English.
All work is done in French.
All work is done in hoods, which makes the lab exceptionally safe.
All work is done in house by experienced personnel.
All work is done in house to consistently produce the finest quality.
All work is done in our Alexandria, VA office.
All work is done in our factory to our strict quality control standards.
All work is done in our shop except the motor and upholstery work.
All work is done in our shop, which makes our normal turnaround time about one week.
All work is done in our shop.
All work is done in our store by our goldsmith.
All work is done in private treatment rooms.
All work is done in small groups with an exceptionally experienced instructor.
All work is done in Spanish.
All work is done in strict adherence to the schedule, and the project completion is guaranteed.
All work is done in the home.
All work is done in the laboratory in six hours per week.
All work is done in the laboratory of the examinee by the examinee.
All work is done in two class periods each week.
All work is done independently under the direction of a faculty member.
All work is done individually on the computers.
All work is done individually.
All work is done in-house by nuclear qualified technicians.
All work is done in-house by our experienced team.
All work is done in-house, with outsourcing used only for special situations.
All work is done in-house.
All work is done neatly and quickly.
All work is done neatly.
All work is done off site with frequent meetings, demos, and milestones to gauge progress.
All work is done on a band mill with auto setworks.
All work is done on a commission basis.
All work is done on a contingency fee basis.
All work is done on a contract basis.
All work is done on a custom basis by human hand and eye inspection for the finest quality.
All work is done on a custom basis.
All work is done on a first come, first serve basis.
All work is done on a gratuitous basis.
All work is done on a houseboat and nearby covered working areas.
All work is done on a per project basis.
All work is done on a retainer basis.
All work is done on a same day basis, either by fax, courier or telephone.
All work is done on a volunteer basis.
All work is done on a written quote basis.
All work is done on an individual basis and so does the pricing.
All work is done on computers except the image setters and printshop.
All work is done on contract by part-time contractors.
All work is done on our premises.
All work is done on our regular lines in our Connecticut facility.
All work is done on personal time, equipment, and software.
All work is done on premises and insured.
All work is done on premises including setting, polishing, pen plating, etc.
All work is done on premises.
All work is done on private lands, and the land remains in private ownership.
All work is done on regular notebook paper as the whole program is dictated.
All work is done on site and each repair is treated as a unique and individual case.
All work is done on site at the libra ry.
All work is done on site except surgery and x-rays.
All work is done on site insuring the highest standard of quality.
All work is done on site.
All work is done on the computer.
All work is done on the hospital premises.
All work is done on the latest machines and to the manufacturer's specifications.
All work is done on the premises and is usually ready within three working days.
ALL work is done on the premises by our skilled craftsmen.
All work is done on the premises, with free pick-up and delivery available.
All work is done on the premises.
All work is done on Word documents.
All work is done on-line.
All work is done online.
All work is done on-premises.
All work is done on-site, by Stark employees.
All work is done onsite.
All work is done on-site.
All work is done over the anvil and the anvil horn.
All work is done over the phone.
All work is done right here in our facility.
All work is done right here in our store.
All work is done the old fashioned way pads, pens and brains.
All work is done the original way, with original or improved parts.
All work is done to complete customer satisfaction.
All work is done to customer specifications.
All work is done under a simple and economical hourly rate.
All work is done under adult supervision.
All work is done under an expatriate supervisor.
All work is done under strict confidentiality .
All work is done under the direct supervision of a probation officer.
All work is done under the supervision of a faculty adviser.
All work is done using a pasta machine to ensure a consistent thickness of all the clay sections.
All work is done via internet only communications.
All work is done voluntary.
All work is done with computers.
All work is done with our own skilled hands on the premises.
All work is done within the three-hour laboratory, which meets once each week.
All work is done without the stress of grades so the students do the work as willing learners.
All work is done.
All work is due as listed on the calendar.
All work is due as scheduled in the course calendar.
All work is due at class time.
All work is due at our final exam.
All work is due at the beginning of class on the date assigned.
All work is due at the beginning of class on the date indicated.
All work is due at the beginning of class on the date posted on the course schedule .
All work is due at the beginning of class on the date posted on the course schedule.
All work is due at the beginning of class on the day scheduled on the syllabus.
All work is due at the beginning of class on the due date.
All work is due at the beginning of class time on the day indicated on the syllabus.
All work is due at the beginning of class unless noted.
All work is due at the beginning of class.
All work is due at the beginning of the assigned class period.
All work is due at the beginning of the class hour for which it is assigned.
All work is due at the beginning of the class period unless otherwise stated.
All work is due at the beginning of the class period.
All work is due at the beginning of the class.
All work is due at the beginning of the next class period unless otherwise assigned.
All work is due at the beginning of the specified class.
All work is due at the conclusion of the normal class hour.
All work is due at the start of class.
All work is due at the time of the final exam.
All work is due by a date specified by the instructor.
All work is due by appointment today or tomorrow.
All work is due by midnight on the due date.
All work is due by the assigned due date.
All work is due by the beginning of class on the due date.
All work is due by the end of class, the last day of the topic.
All work is due during the class period on the assigned dates.
All work is due in class and is considered late after the end of the class period.
All work is due in class at the time of presentation.
All work is due in class on the day it is assigned.
All work is due on established dates.
All work is due on the assigned date at the assigned time.
All work is due on the assigned date, unless arrangements have been made beforehand .
All work is due on the assigned date.
All work is due on the assigned day at the assigned time.
All work is due on the date assigned to it.
All work is due on the date assigned.
All work is due on the date indicated.
All work is due on the date listed unless otherwise noted by the instructor.
All work is due on the date specified in order to receive full credit.
All work is due on the date specified.
All work is due on the date written.
All work is due on the dates indicated in the course syllabus.
All work is due on the dates indicated in the Plan .
All work is due on the day and at the time for which it is assigned.
All work is due on the day assigned.
All work is due on the day it is assigned.
All work is due on the day it is scheduled.
All work is due on the day scheduled.
All work is due on the days noted in the syllabus.
All work is due on the due date at the beginning of class.
All work is due on the last day of class.
All work is due on the scheduled date.
All work is due on the specified day without exception.
All work is due on time.
All work is due prior to the start of class on the assigned date.
All work is due the as noted in the syllabus.
All work is due the day after it is assigned unless otherwise noted.
All work is due the last day of the semester.
All work is due the next day after being assigned.
All work is due when assigned.
All work is due when called for in class on the day assigned.
All work is due.
All work is edited and proofread by a second translator.
All work is effective, affordable, and guaranteed.
All work is either original or prints of original work.
All work is empty save when there is love, for work is love made visible.
All work is empty save when there is love.
All work is estimated by the piece, billed by the minute, and paid by percentage.
All work is evaluated before a price quotation is submitted.
All work is evaluated by class instructors.
All work is filed and backed up to disc, for future use, or reprints.
All work is filed under each child's name.
All work is focused toward the community.
All work is for entertainment only.
All work is for sale and can be order direct.
All work is for sale.
All work is free for the homeowner.
All Work Is Fully Guaranteed.
All work is funded by the Swedish research councils.
All work is garanteed.
All work is generated on the computer.
All work is given plenty of in class time to be completed.
All work is given serious constructive criticism and evaluation.
All work is graded by supervising professors.
All work is graded by the instructor based upon the criteria of the assignment.
All work is graded by the instructor.
All work is graded on a point system.
All work is graded on multiples of ten.
All work is graded.
All work is grounded in the social system perspective.
All work is guaranteed .
All work is guaranteed against tarnishing.
All work is guaranteed and can be approved by photographs prior to shipping.
All work is guaranteed and cost quoted prior to start.
All work is guaranteed and done on premises.
All work is guaranteed and done on the premises.
All work is guaranteed and free estimates are available.
All work is guaranteed and most rods carry a lifetime warranty with a free rebuild policy.
All work is guaranteed and performed by licenced mechanics.
All work is guaranteed and performed in a professional manner.
All work is guaranteed and references are available.
All work is guaranteed and vacuum lifters come with a one year warranty if they are totally rebuilt.
All work is guaranteed between treatments.
All work is guaranteed by New Jersey Door Works, and estimates are always free.
All work is guaranteed by the cavity wall insulation guarantee agency.
All work is guaranteed for a period of ninety days.
All work is guaranteed for one year.
All work is Guaranteed in writing for top quality name brand materials and Workmanship.
All work is guaranteed to be accurate and culturally authentic.
All work is guaranteed to be completed professionally, accurately and before deadline.
All work is guaranteed to be up to and exceed industry standards.
All work is guaranteed to pass fire, health, and insurance inspection.
All work is guaranteed, and is performed only by English degreed personnel.
All work is guaranteed, and long-term service agreements are available.
All work is guaranteed, and most every product is backed by a quality manufacturers warranty.
All work is guaranteed, period.
All work is guaranteed.
All work is guarenteed for one year.
All work is handcrafted in America.
All work is hand-crafted, and pricing is determined after mutual discussion.
All work is handcrafted.
All work is handled by an attorney.
All work is handled confidentially.
All work is handled in a confidential manner.
All work is handled in the strictest confidence.
All work is handmade and all artists live and work in South Carolina.
All work is handmade by the artist.
All work is handmade locally.
All work is held in strict confidence, and is performed with unsurpassed quality.
All work is highly crafted to traditional standards.
All work is ideological.
All work is improved when workers have a positive work ethic.
All work is in acrylics on marine ply or compressed hardwood.
All work is in class on the day assigned.
All work is in compliance with current international regulatory guidelines.
All work is in concert to treat, educate and provide a continuity of care.
All work is in English.
All work is in French.
All work is in private collections.
All work is in the London area.
All work is in the present tense only.
All work is individual.
All work is informed by the rich and varied perspectives of women from diverse backgrounds.
All work is installed by our fully insured, factory trained workmen.
All work is insured and bonded.
All work is insured while on the grounds.
All work is judged by independent non-member curators with knowledge of maritime subject matter.
All work is juried for excellence in workmanship, design, and creativity.
All work is juried through an advisory panel.
All work is kept highly confidential and tailored to meet the unique requirements of our clients.
All work is kept in an online archive.
All work is kept strictly confidential.
All work is laid aside when thou settest in the west.
All work is lead free, food and dishwasher safe.
All work is Life-Time Guaranteed.
All work is light weight.
All work is lightfast, acid free and framed with museum quality materials.
All work is logged to separate log files for easy checking for compile failures or output messages.
All work is lost when the system disconnects.
All work is made by hand, using natural stones and sterling silver.
All work is managed by the firm's Principals and data analysis is handled by in-house teams.
All work is managed professionally and in accordance with the project's specifications.
All work is moderated by an external assessor.
All work is mounted on acid free board.
All work is neat.
All work is neatly handwritten, or typed without spelling or grammar errors.
All work is noble.
All work is normally to be done in an approved hood.
All work is normally to be done in approved hood.
All work is of high quality and done by professional artists.
All work is of value and a first job is the first step to independence.
All work is oil paint on board with plane wood frame.
All work is on a fee basis.
All work is on a volunteer basis.
All work is on consignment and prices set, for beginning the artwork paintings.
All work is on schedule.
All work is one of a kind.
All work is optional and there is no minimum charge.
All work is original and entirely composed by the student.
All work is original and owned by the author.
All work is original and prints of any work can be ordered.
All work is original and professional.
All work is original except where indicated here and in the actual text.
All work is original in or in part, unless otherwise stated.
All work is original pastel with the exception of limited edition prints.
All work is original unless noted so.
All work is original, including all graphics.
All work is original, there are no reproductions.
All work is original.
All work is owner supervised and performed with the highest standards of quality workmanship.
All work is paid labor and formalized through labor contracts.
All work is part of a process.
All work is perform using PC software.
All work is performed according to codes and regulations.
All work is performed and completed at our facilities.
All work is performed and completed in a professional and timely manner.
All work is performed at no cost to the facility.
All work is performed at the customers risk.
All work is performed by a licensed, practicing attorney specializing in living trusts.
All work is performed by an experienced professional crew of women.
All work is performed by licensed veterinary pathologists.
All work is performed by licensed, trained, experienced professionals.
All work is performed by local licensed heating system companies.
All work is performed by local, private contractors.
All work is performed by our factory-trained, certified technicians and is guaranteed.
ALL work is performed by our own personnel.
All work is performed by qualified craftsmen.
All work is performed by qualified factory accredited technicians.
All work is performed by students and supervised by an instructor.
All work is performed by students under the supervision of instructors.
All work is performed by trained personnel in a safe and cost-effective manner.
All work is performed by trained technicians and engineers.
All work is performed by volunteers, which is done by hand and take much time and effort.
All work is performed directly at the server.
All work is performed in a professional manner to offer the best service possible.
All work is performed in a team environment.
All work is performed in accordance with established policies and procedures.
All work is performed in an ethical and professional manner.
All work is performed in and remains in the server.
All work is performed in cooperation with numerous civic organizations and government agencies.
All work is performed in groups.
All work is performed in house.
All work is performed in our clean, environmentally controlled facility.
All work is performed in our shop and prices vary depending on the type of hardware being installed.
All work is performed in our two completely secure production centers.
All work is performed in shop, from the construction to the finishing.
All work is performed in the safest manner possible consistent with good construction practices.
All work is performed in-house including film production.
All work is performed manually to insure accurancy and appropriateness of content.
All work is performed on a contigency basis.
All work is performed on a fixed-cost basis.
All work is performed on a module basis.
All work is performed on a recharge basis and requires the prior approval of the research director.
All work is performed on a time and materials basis.
All work is performed on compatible CAD systems.
All work is performed on customer supplied pistols and is performed to exact specifications.
All work is performed on hand lines.
All work is performed on our premises.
All work is performed on site.
All work is performed on the premises.
All work is performed or supervised by the owner.
All work is performed or supervised by the principal owner.
All work is performed over the Internet.
All work is performed telephonically in a corporate office environment.
All work is performed to our clients standards on compatible CAD systems, if so desired.
All work is performed under general supervision.
All work is performed under the supervision of the heavy equipment technology faculty.
All work is performed under very close supervision.
All work is performed under water, starting with removal of the elements from their cask.
All work is performed under water, startingwith removal of the elements from their cask.
All work is performed using industry standard applications with appropriate validation procedures.
All work is performed using our strict standards for correctness and reliability.
All work is performed using public internet resources.
All work is performed with adherence to the highest health and safety standards.
All work is performed with owned equipment.
All work is performed with the owner s needs and budget in mind.
All work is performed without charge to the homeowners.
All work is planned and executed by volunteers.
All work is posted daily to a hidden website.
All work is posted with permission.
All work is preformed by a certified master welder.
All work is prepared for print reproduction.
All work is presented to our clients before payment is accepted.
All work is priced by the square foot, depending on the complexity of the design.
All work is processed and stored on the Server and available from any connected client.
All work is processed in our store within ten working days or sooner.
All work is produced at our studio.
All work is produced in the USA .
All work is produced in-house so there is no delay.
All work is produced on a first in, first out basis.
All work is produced on non-linear digital editors, computers.
All work is produced on the premises.
All work is produced using broadcast quality equipment to insure the highest image quality possible.
All work is professional and delivered on time.
All work is professional, quick, and offered at very competitive rates.
All work is programmed.
All work is prompt and guaranteed throughout the hockey season.
All work is proofed to ensure accuracy.
All work is property of the artist.
All work is proprietory and products are made exclusively for particular customers.
All work is provided by volunteers.
All work is published for sharing with class and wider audience.
All work is put aside, and everyone stops to enjoy a book of their choice.
All work is quoted on an as needed basis.
All work is read, commented on, and valued.
All work is ready to hang .
All work is recorded and kept in strictest confidence.
All work is recorded in the working papers on the appropriate activity file.
All work is recorded.
All work is reimbursed by the other agency in full.
All work is remunerated on the basis of a normal employment contract and tax card.
All work is representational with styles ranging from traditional to contemporary.
All work is required to be turned in by all due dates to keep points from being deducted.
All work is required.
All work is research-based and coordinated to address the topics of the class.
All work is returned to faculty secretaries.
All work is returned to the student with instructor comments and the assigned grade.
All work is rotated.
All work is scheduled according to a computerized work management plan.
All work is scheduled and prioritized based on urgency of request and systems affected.
All work is scheduled on a priority basis, and is determined by the supervisor.
All work is scheduled so there is never a hurry to finish an engraving.
All work is scheduled to be completed during late night and early morning hours on both days.
All work is scheduled to take place during the day.
All work is sent as soon as it is finished.
All work is shown.
All work is signed and dated.
All work is signed and numbered.
All work is sold framed except limited edition prints which are sold unframed.
All work is sourced to the original authors.
All work is spell checked .
All work is started on receipt of deposit.
All work is strictly confidential.
All work is strictly volunteer.
All work is student created and teacher edited.
All work is subject to editing if accepted.
All work is subject to good weather conditions.
All work is subject to pop quizzes or tests .
All work is subject to review by the editorial staff for consideration for publication.
All work is subject to the Honor Code.
All work is submitted at the risk of the student.
All work is submitted by the due date.
All work is submitted electronically, as renderings or animation sequences.
All work is submitted via simple to use online forms.
All work is submitted when due with out grammatical or spelling errors.
All work is suitable for use in high quality layout, design, and marketing materials.
All work is summarized for senior management review.
All work is supervised by a psychiatrist who is on-site.
All work is supervised by PhD scientists.
All work is supervised by professionals, educated and certified in their respective fields.
All work is supervised by staff.
All work is supplied unmounted.
All work is supported by module and dissertation supervisors.
All work is systematic and modifications are sent out early to assure attendance of all parties.
All work is tack sharp, well composed and shot under unique lighting situations.
All work is taken out on site by our trained staff.
All work is taken seriously.
All work is the product of individual effort.
All work is the student's own.
All work is thrown by hand and individually hand painted.
All work is to be accomplished for the common good of all.
All work is to be an individual effort unless otherwise noted.
All work is to be completed and turned in on due date and time.
All work is to be completed and turned in on or before the due date.
All work is to be completed and turned in on time, particularly because of the nature of the class.
All work is to be completed and turned in on time.
All work is to be completed by the final examination day of each class.
All work is to be completed by the individual.
All work is to be completed by the last day of class.
All work is to be completed by the project closing date.
All work is to be completed by the student alone.
All work is to be completed in a timely and professional manner.
All work is to be completed in eight working days.
All work is to be completed individually.
All work is to be completed within seven consecutive years.
All work is to be confined to the street.
All work is to be done and completed before handing it in.
All work is to be done as a team effort.
All work is to be done by hand.
All work is to be done by the individual unless assigned otherwise.
All work is to be done by the individual, no team work.
All work is to be done in blue or black ink unless otherwise instructed.
All work is to be done in either blue or black ink.
All work is to be done in six days.
All work is to be done in teams.
All work is to be done individually unless otherwise specified by the instructor.
All work is to be done individually.
All work is to be done manually and the networks are to be drawn by hand.
All work is to be done neatly and completely.
All work is to be done neatly, in a professional manner.
All work is to be done on engineering problems paper, on one side, and in a neat engineering style.
All work is to be done on the test, itself.
All work is to be done safely.
All work is to be done with the highest emphasis on professional and ethical engineering practice.
All work is to be double-spaced and word processed.
All work is to be handed in at the beginning of the class period, otherwise, it is late.
All work is to be handed in during class on the due date.
All work is to be handed in on a timely basis.
All work is to be handed in on the due date.
All work is to be handed in on time unless an extension is arranged prior to the due date.
All work is to be handed in on time.
All work is to be individual.
All work is to be inspected for code compliance.
All work is to be keyboarded, dark print, single-spaced, professionally done and submitted on time.
All work is to be made up by the student in the case of an absence.
All work is to be made up within one week after a student returns from an absence.
All work is to be neat and of a quality worth displaying.
All work is to be neatly typed and double-spaced.
All work is to be on time.
All work is to be original and is due on the date designated.
All work is to be performed by officially recognised crew or yard personnel only.
All work is to be performed individually by students.
All work is to be presented in organized, neat, and legible form.
All work is to be shown.
All work is to be submitted at the beginning of the class on the due date indicated in the schedule.
All work is to be submitted on time.
All work is to be submitted or required as assigned.
All work is to be the students and be original work.
All work is to be turned in by noon on the day it is due unless otherwise noted.
All work is to be turned in by the designated dates.
All work is to be turned in by the end of the class when due unless otherwise noted.
All work is to be turned in on the due date assigned.
All work is to be turned in on time and is to be the students s own.
All work is to be turned in on time.
All work is to be turned in the day it is due.
All work is to be typed and double-spaced.
All work is to be typed unless directed differently by the instructor.
All work is to be typed, double spaced and free of grammatical and spelling errors.
All work is to be typewritten and professional in appearance.
All work is to be typewritten and submitted in a well-organized portfolio.
All work is to be word processed - handwritten work is unacceptable.
All work is to be word processed -handwritten work is unacceptable.
All work is to be written in the lab notebook.
All work is totally lead free and is microwave, dishwasher and oven safe.
All work is transcribed in the United States to protect medical records confidentiality.
All work is turned in as a team, and the only way to differentiate the students is from exam scores.
All work is turned in on time and at an excellent level.
All work is turned in primarily on time and at an average level or higher.
All work is turned out on short notice and absolutely guaranteed to give satisfaction.
All work is typed, proofread, using proper English and punctuation.
All work is under the direct supervision of an ex-environmental agency official.
All work is undertaken at partner level with assistance of qualified staff.
All work is undertaken at very reasonable prices.
All work is undertaken by a full staff employed by the company .
All work is undertaken in complete confidence in extensive modern laboratories.
All work is undertaken in the strickest of confidence.
All work is undertaken off site at our offices.
All work is undertaken using the maximum of care and attention to detail.
All work is undertaken within a strict quality control system to ensure the highest quality data.
All work is valued work.
All work is verified.
All work is very professional and thorough.
All work is virtually flawless.
All work is visual art based but relates to functional objects.
All work is voluntary and active participation is encouraged.
All work is voluntary and many hands are needed.
All work is voluntary and people do what they can.
All work is voluntary and unpaid and all usage is free.
All work is voluntary and without honoraria.
All work is voluntary.
All work is volunteer until enough funds to make a fultime officer.
All work is volunteer, there is no charge for our services and no one receives a salary.
All work is warranted against defect and guaranteed to be of the finest materials.
All work is warranted for one year unless otherwise specified.
All work is warranted nationwide.
All work is warranted.
All work is weather dependent.
All work is weather-dependent.
All work is wheel thrown and hand-painted.
All work is written by teens for teens.
All work is written in students own words.
All work is, of course, to be the student s own.
All work is, of course, to be the student's own.
All work leaves specific trails of origin.
All work meets or exceeds recognized standards of museum conservation.
All work meets the standards spelled out in the contract.
All work missed during the absence is to be made up immediately, upon consultation with professor.
All work needs to be accompanied by a green submission form.
All work needs to be checked thoroughly before being sent out.
All work needs to be completed on loose-leaf paper, clean edges, and in pencil.
All work needs to be done in a timely manner and shown to the proper ministry leader when complete.
All work needs to be done in approximately six weeks.
All work needs to be given a five calendar day turn around.
All work needs to be grammatically correct and visually appealing.
All work needs to be in complete, well developed, sentences.
All work needs to be turned in when it is due.
All work ought to receive remuneration.
All work performed by our uniformed service technicians is guaranteed.
All work performed by stage hands is a the users expense.
All work performed by stage hands is at the user's expense.
All work performed is billed to the requesting department or unit.
All work performed is handled with the strictest confidence.
All work performed on holidays, if required, is performed at twice the normal rate.
All work posted here is opyrighted to the author .
All work presented here is copyrighted.
All work printed here is original.
All work provided in or out of class is designed to evaluate a particular competency.
All work reflects a level of thinking far beyond the obvious and the superficial.
All work reflects university scholarship, concise critical thinking, and creative application.
All work related deaths, illnesses and non-minor injuries are recordable cases per se.
All work relates to theatre productions.
All work remains the intellectual property of the author.
All work remains the property of the authors.
All work remains the total property of the customer.
All work requires a veterinarian's prescription.
All work requires an object to move.
All work requires careful coordination to meet the tight project completion dates.
All work requires time.
All work requiring a permit is subject to inspection by the local building official.
All work requiring the use of a helicopter is finished.
All work returned by transcriptionists is reconciled automatically to ensure receipt of all files.
All work sare for sale or lease.
All work seen here is done in their spare time, and is limited only by constraints upon that time.
All work serves a higher purpose than the task at hand.
All work starts with the form definition module where the system is told about the forms to process.
All work submitted for credit is subject to the provisions of the Vanderbilt Honor Code.
All work submitted is assumed to represent the effort of the student.
All work submitted to the Hmong Word becomes property of Hmong Online.
All work taken at a community college is considered lower division.
All work takes place in Arlington, Virginia.
All work undertaken is carried out to the exacting API approved standards.
All work undertaken is carried out to the highest standard and with greatest care possible.
All work undertaken is catered to meet client s time frames and budgets.
All work undertaken is taken in the strictest of confidence.
All work undertaken is won in competition with other contractors.
All works appear to be in Spanish.
All works appear with permission of the authors.
All works are acrylic on canvas.
All works are acrylic on paper.
All works are also available singely.
All works are artist signed and shipped directly from the artist studio.
All works are available directly over the internet.
All works are available for consultation, and many can be lent out.
All works are available for exhibition or sale.
All works are available for purchase.
All works are available for sale .
All works are available for sale as original , and soon some to be available in print form.
All works are available for sale.
All works are by professional sculptors from throughout the United States.
All works are by serious fine artists.
All works are color and sound, unless otherwise noted.
All works are colored pencils on professional acid-free quality paper.
All works are complete, downloadable and free.
All works are Copyrighted and prices are subject to change.
All Works are Copyrighted.
All works are copywritten of the original authors, whether known or unknown.
All works are downloadable, complete texts.
All works are excerpts from the babysue printed magazine.
All works are film, color, and sound, unless otherwise noted.
All works are for sale and all are cast in editions of six.
All works are for sale and can be inquired on through our e-mail .
All works are for sale under the strictest vetting conditions.
All works are for sale unless otherwise noted.
All works are for sale.
All works are free of charge.
All works are in English translation.
All works are in fine condition unless otherwise noted.
All works are in process, waiting for the final steps.
All works are in watercolor, matted and framed in aluminum, unless otherwise indicated.
All works are juried.
All works are limited editions in realistic and contemporary styles.
All works are limited print editions.
All works are non returnable.
All works are non-fiction with the exception of Two Thousand Five Hundred .
All works are of a collaborative nature involving poetry and the visual arts.
All works are oil on canvas or paper.
All works are oil on canvas, except as noted.
All works are oil on canvas.
All works are oil on linen except where noted.
All works are on three hour reserve in the library.
All works are one.
All works are original and freely available for use as desktop wallpaper.
All works are original and hand-made by the artist.
All works are original and most are for sale.
All works are original and there are NO duplicates.
All works are original watercolor paintings and are matted and framed.
All works are original.
All works are originial with the exception of the old song Another Man Done Gone .
All works are professionally packed insuring safe delivery.
All works are ready for immediate, fully insured, world-wide overnight air delivery at nominal cost.
All works are serious.
All works are subject to prior sale, availability, and price change without written notice.
All works are subject to prior sale.
All works are the sole intellectual property of their authors.
All works are therefore, to some degree or other, about light.
All works are to be begun under faculty supervision.
All works are to be complete and played from memory.
All works are to be performed from memory.
All works are unabridged and complete.
All works are uniformly framed and museum mounted, in natural maple moulding.
All works are video except where noted.
All works are video, color and sound except where noted.
All works are watercolor and ink, unless otherwise noted.
All works can circulate overnight.
All works combine digital and physical components.
All works come with framing instructions.
All works contain ideologies.
All works featured here are charcoal on paper.
All works featured in our Gallery appear here exclusively, by arrangement with the artists.
All works has to be hidden.
All works have to be performed in the original.
All works illustrated are subject to prior sale.
All works inventoried are full mint sheets.
All works is the default search.
All works listed as recommended reading are readily available in the library.
All works listed below appear in the text in the order in which they are listed here.
All works pictured here are life-size oil on linen canvas.
All works presented are available for purchase through the gallery.
All works presented here are fictional.
All works read in English translation.
All works read in English.
All works read in translation.
All works read in Welsh.
All works receiving ten or more recommendations go on to the Preliminary Nebula Award Ballot.
All works remain copyrighted by their respective authors.
All works remain copyrighted to the author.
All works remain the property of the original artist.
All works remain under the sole ownership of their respective author.
All works require rest period, interspersed with bouts of work.
All works seen in our online gallery are available for immediate sale.
All works shown are available and ready to ship worldwide.
All works shown are for sale unless otherwise noted.
All works shown are for sale.
All works shown are hand-thrown, and each is one of a kind.
All works shown are housepaint on wood.
All works shown are property of their respective artists or writers.
All works submitted are to be the artists own work and original design.
All works submitted have a chance of being selected.
Any work associates with their well being is a great patriotic duty.
Any work dedicated to a round-up of the laws of various jurisdictions is fraught with danger.
Any work directly related to the job has higher priority than peripheral or maintenance work.
Any work done before an award agreement is signed is ineligible for program assistance.
Any work done outside of our plant voids the warranty.
Any work involving chainsaw operation or tree felling is hazardous.
Any work is honorable if it is done with pride and in the right spirit.
Any work is tough to find.
Any work lent by a dealer or a living artist is theoretically available for a price.
Any work listed below that is linked contains a short sound file of that particular piece.
Any work missed is the responsibility of the student.
Any work missed is the student's responsibility.
Any work needs to be turned in with the respective grader in the specified means.
Any work performed by in-house contractor personnel is considered an ISEO product.
Any work performed in the public right of way requires an encroachment permit.
Any work performed outside of normal business hours is billed at twice the standard hourly rate.
Any work related injury requiring medical treatment is recordable.
Any work requires reasonable office space.
Any work stolen from another is instant disqualification and notice posted of poaching.
Any work submitted to the service is kept as part of the master database for future comparisons.
Any works submitted to the site remain the intellectual property of the submitter.
Every work has an astonishing history, which the rabbi enjoys recounting.
Every work here is unique, traditional and ethnic.
Every work is a work in progress.
Every work is an elaboration on every other work.
Every work is catalogued.
Every work is checked by a teacher every day.
Every work is indexed.
Every work is made up of shapes that mimic, oppose and respond to each other.
Every work is saturated in such arcane signs, many of which represent notional opposites.
Every work is set apart and beautifully framed and matted.
Every work is unique and traditional.
Every work is unique in traditional style perfected over generations.
Every work is worldwide unique.
Every work meeds to be married to the theme.
Every work needs a Bibliography.
Every work takes a different approach, just as each person is different.
Many works are also devoted to the problem of formalization and reusability of ontologies.
Many works are available for purchase.
Many works are available online for downloading.
Many works are first editions.
Many works are for sale, so come early for the best selection.
Many works are for sale.
Many works are in Indian languages.
Many works are in languages other than English.
Many works are miniatures, but there are also larger works, painting mainly in oils and watercolor.
Many works are of special significance to Long Island.
Many works are of the first two types.
Many works are without analogies in national museums.
Many works combine modern technology and traditional Korean culture.
Many works describe a temporary, earthly golden age with a perfected natural world.
Many works explore the duality and ambiguities of sexual states.
Many works have a sense of narrative or are metaphorical.
Many works have elements of both.
Many works have multiple titles or developed from earlier works with different titles.
Many works have strong influence from the culture and tradition of Japan.
Many works imply there is a single culture or language when, in reality, there is great diversity.
Many works incorporate found objects.
Many works incorporate the creativity of two or more authors.
Many works listed in the bibliography blend disciplinary perspectives.
More work usually requires more people and more money.
More work also needs to be done to differentiate each castmember's unique abilities.
More work calls for more workers.
More work clearly needs to be done.
More work equals better results.
More work falls on the shoulders of fewer people.
More work goes into conceiving the show than producing it.
More work goes into one of our replicas then a traditional skin mount.
More work happens and more money is handed over.
More work has to be carried out on the two hot shale units in Libya.
More work has to be done on promoting the leading sectors in the economy.
More work has to be done.
More work has yet to be done, however.
More work is arguable needed at the front end also.
More work is completed without having to reload paper trays.
More work is done at home.
More work is done on the left box because the horizontal force is bigger.
More work is done on the left box because the normal force is smaller.
More work is done on the right box because the horizontal force is smaller.
More work is done on the right box because the normal force is bigger.
More work is in progress.
More work is involved.
More work is likely to come.
More work is necessary to determine if whistles can be used as a reliable indicator of disturbance.
More work is necessary to explain the full extent of hydrodynamics on a flow system.
More work is necessary to verify the origin of the kink.
More work is necessary.
More work is needed before practical applications can be derived.
More work is needed before taking a course of action.
More work is needed both here and abroad to bridge the gap between research and implementation.
More work is needed here.
More work is needed in functional flexibility.
More work is needed in order to move to the regulatory credit stage.
More work is needed in specific areas, such as implementing speedier complaint investigations.
More work is needed in system engineering and integration, beam and fire control, and other areas.
More work is needed in the front of batteries.
More work is needed in the studies of immune suppression and infectious diseases.
More work is needed on human factors aspects.
More work is needed on real applications.
More work is needed on that too.
More work is needed on the data files.
More work is needed on the details.
More work is needed to address physician practice expense.
More work is needed to ascertain suitable ambient temperatures and to make improvements in the maze.
More work is needed to be sure the features are genuine blood cells and collagen.
More work is needed to better quantify the distribution of the albedo of small debris objects.
More work is needed to better understand questions of influence, uniqueness, and breakdown.
More work is needed to bring developing countries on-line to the network.
More work is needed to compare the different types of heparins available.
More work is needed to confirm the rupture dates.
More work is needed to deal with simple things such as accented letters and varying character sets.
More work is needed to define the effects on nitrogen and understorey management in older trees.
More work is needed to determine when and where audio is an appropriate interface element.
More work is needed to develop reasonable guidelines.
More work is needed to develop scales and indices for assessment of sun-related behaviours.
More work is needed to document the status and trends of macrofungi in North America.
More work is needed to find out the situation of carbendazim versus thiram for yellow lupins.
More work is needed to fully delimit the range.
More work is needed to identify good resistant stock.
More work is needed to include fossil calibrations.
More work is needed to incorporate moving images and high fidelity audio.
More work is needed to iron out some remaining disgreements.
More work is needed to produce effective methods of directing light to the work surface.
More work is needed to provide a full Internet directory service.
More work is needed to provide other utilities.
More work is needed to refine and improve hemispherical canopy photography as a technique.
More work is needed to sort out the relationships between air pollution and allergies.
More work is needed to sort out the relationships.
More work is needed to translate consumer issues into reviews.
More work is needed with surrounding land owners, and with other agencies.
More work is needed, at both the national and international levels.
More work is needed, but the initial results are very encouraging.
More work is needed, however, before ngtrans can fully evaluate the proposal.
More work is needed, however, to develop powerful results-driven organizations.
More work is needed.
More work is on the way.
More work is performed when the incline is reduced.
More work is planned for the near future.
More work is planned for the spring.
More work is planned on the promotion of traditional music in collaboration with trac.
More work is planned to refine the prototype and to make it smaller.
More work is planned.
More work is reasonable if the kind of work demanded is reasonable.
More work is required than other recipes, but the outcome far outweighs the extra effort.
More work is required to confirm the true behaviour of the system.
More work is required to fully develop a statistical approach to source-fingerprinting.
More work is required to improve the pages.
More work is required to improve their reliability and efficiency.
More work is required to move heavy fins through the water.
More work is required to overcome interference and to establish a database of genetic fingerprints.
More work is required to place additional negative charges on the sphere.
More work is required, however.
More work is required.
More work is scheduled for next year.
More work is still necessary to prepare for instead of simply react to climate change.
More work is the foundation of greater economic growth.
More work is to be done next week.
More work is to be done.
More work is under progress.
More work is under way to further improve the accuracy and speed of the technique.
More work is yet to be done of course.
More work is yet to be done on the education building roof.
More work lies ahead, but it is an important first step.
More work lies ahead.
More work needed on presentation on economic impact - it is a very important presentation.
More work needs to be done before the big day.
More work needs to be done before the date of accession.
More work needs to be done for Advantage implementation.
More work needs to be done here.
More work needs to be done in establishing the rates of the coherent phenomena.
More work needs to be done in less time.
More work needs to be done in the area of review and evaluation.
More work needs to be done on curriculum integration campus-wide.
More work needs to be done on developing and testing parallel random number generators.
More work needs to be done on encouraging research and development too.
More work needs to be done on gait transitions.
More work needs to be done on how the quality of stock can be assessed through unobtrusive testing.
More work needs to be done on integrating within functional areas, such as human services.
More work needs to be done on that evaluation.
More work needs to be done on the network pattern when all of the data are available .
More work needs to be done on the processes, structures and vehicles of partnership working.
More work needs to be done on the product before widespread corporate deployment is attempted.
More work needs to be done on the use of livestock to meet specific landscape goals.
More work needs to be done on the virtual memory system.
More work needs to be done on writing on topic.
More work needs to be done there.
More work needs to be done though and everybody needs to help out.
More work needs to be done to confirm all previous sources as well as digging up new ones.
More work needs to be done to determine what diseases each tick can transmit.
More work needs to be done to ensure food safety.
More work needs to be done to erradicate leprosy in rural areas.
More work needs to be done to fill in all the different levels, though.
More work needs to be done to finalize the plan.
More work needs to be done to fully implement the capabilities mentioned above.
More work needs to be done to further develop the strategy.
More work needs to be done to get full value for the public dollar.
More work needs to be done to history-matching the past reservoir performance.
More work needs to be done to increase membership.
More work needs to be done to make computer and communications networks more secure.
More work needs to be done to provide cost-effective data and source authentication.
More work needs to be done to provide the infrastructure for both programs.
More work needs to be done to refine and extend the risk factor to lower concentrations.
More work needs to be done to see if the gains are sustained.
More work needs to be done to understand that.
More work needs to be done with Jewish faculty and with other student groups on campus.
More work needs to be done, but real progress is being made.
More work needs to be done, especially with respect to the latter recommendation.
More work needs to be done, however, to reach the second target.
More work needs to be done, including building shelves and replacing the window.
More work needs to be done.
More work needs to happen before it is ready for normal use.
More work obviously needs to be done.
More work reduces students success with projects.
More work remains necessary.
More work remains to be done on both items.
More work remains to be done to ensure the effective functioning of our new municipal councils.
More work remains to be done to provide adequate and affordable housing.
More work remains to be done, particularly on the remote-controlled gates.
More work remains to be done.
More work remains.
More work requires more blood for the heart muscle.
More work seems to be put into the working of the mouthpiece than the bell end of the stick.
More work still awaits.
More work still lies ahead.
More work still needs to be done here.
More work still needs to be done with the first two generations to verify all the relationships.
More work still needs to be done.
More works sell, every thing sells in fact.
Most work arrives in our office by noon, allowing enough time for sorting and reviewing.
Most work builds on the foundation of previous work.
Most work displayed here is contemporary by nature.
Most work done at the plant requires approved procedures, drawings, and other documentation.
Most work done in class is difficult to make up.
Most work done on our system falls within the area of sequencing.
Most work embraces themes of a slightly darker nature.
Most work focuses on the produce industry and the use of market information systems.
Most work focuses on the semantic representation of ambiguous expressions.
Most work has political, social or environmental themes.
Most work involves construction, painting or gardening.
Most work involves the interaction between people and human organizations.
Most work involves the production of chemicals and chemical products.
Most work is accessible online.
Most work is accomplished in multidisciplinary teams.
Most work is accomplished off-line, or through asynchronous communication.
Most work is accomplished via contract.
Most work is anticipated to resume next week.
Most work is assigned, but accepts some unsolicited filler art.
Most work is below roadway level, resulting in minimal traffic impacts.
Most work is carried out by a set of committees .
Most work is charged by the hour.
Most work is complete in one week.
Most work is correct and complete.
Most work is done as the first assistant.
Most work is done at benches.
Most work is done by member organizations.
Most work is done during class time.
Most work is done during normal business hours in order to avoid high overtime costs.
Most work is done during semester only.
Most work is done from home with the help of the national office and their trained personnel.
Most work is done from hotels or rented townhouses.
Most work is done in a project format where there is a product as the culminating activity.
Most work is done in black steel, but stainless steel is avalible on request.
Most work is done in class.
Most work is done in committees.
Most work is done in office and corporate settings.
Most work is done in our facilities on our equipment.
Most work is done in our office with on-site work, as needed.
Most work is done in students' own time.
Most work is done in the private office.
Most work is done in-house.
Most work is done off site.
Most work is done on a project basis.
Most work is done on a volunteer basis.
Most work is done online, via the Internet and email.
Most work is done online.
Most work is done out of class.
Most work is done outdoors, year around.
Most work is done outdoors.
Most work is done outside so workers are exposed to all kinds of weather.
Most work is done underneath the interface.
Most work is done via sleep-deprivation.
Most work is done.
Most work is empirical, designed only to obtain a quick answer to an immediate problem.
Most work is fabrication and assembly of small parts.
Most work is finished with walnut oil.
Most work is for clients and remains strictly confidential.
Most work is for sale.
Most work is for travel and vacation industry advertising.
Most work is for weekends and evenings.
Most work is found in local agriculture co-operatives or by commuting to a bigger city.
Most work is functional.
Most work is highly contemporary, produced in a variety of media including metal, wood and cement.
Most work is in labor-intensive crops such as harvesting of fruits, nuts or vegetables.
Most work is indoors, although some establishments have outdoor areas.
Most work is inside with occasional outside work when weather conditions are suitable.
Most work is involved in residential land development.
Most work is landscape.
Most work is less treacherous.
Most work is local - overnight work rare.
Most work is local.
Most work is located in Manhattan.
Most work is manual labor, serving as a basis for developing good work habits.
Most work is mental rather than physical.
Most work is microprocessor based.
Most work is neat.
Most work is offsite.
Most work is on the numerical approximation of partial differential equations.
Most work is outdoors.
Most work is performed in an office setting.
Most work is performed in rooms separated from heavy hospital traffic.
Most work is performed independently.
Most work is performed outdoors.
Most work is performed standing.
Most work is performed within the limits of prescribed policies and guidelines.
Most work is preformed in an outdoor environment with some physical effort required.
Most work is processed and available the same day.
Most work is provided by volunteers.
Most work is reviewed by supervisor or librarian.
Most work is scheduled to be completed by the start of football season.
Most work is self-correcting, inviting repetition.
Most work is synchronic in orientation, but historical and comparative items are also included.
Most work is taken before the impact of the computer, so there is a focus on drawings and models.
Most work is towards non-public performance ends.
Most work is undertaken on a voluntary basis and often involves direct contact with members.
Most work is with clients or businesses.
Most work is with nonprofit organizations, mainly social service agencies, and housing sponsors.
Most work is written in English and nearly everything is published in English.
Most work occurs outside of class.
Most work performed under coalition contracts is considered work made for hire.
Most work relates to the diversity of farm production.
Most work requires regular attendance, the ability to concentrate and follow instructions, etc.
Most work requires specific instructions by the client to assure the anticipated results.
Most work serves the predatory purposes of commerce and coercion and can be abolished outright.
Most work takes place at the university level.
Most works adapted from books or television are extremely linear.
Most works are available for purchase.
Most works are available only from off-line sources.
Most works are descriptive or quantitative.
Most works are for sale directly from the artist.
Most works are for sale directly from the artists.
Most works are for sale.
Most works are for solo piano, but does include some chamber-like pieces.
Most works are from ancient civilizations.
Most works are in Arabic, with English-language materials second in number.
Most works are in English though there are a few listings in other languages.
Most works are in English with some German, French, Spanish and Swedish titles.
Most works are in English, German, or French.
Most works are in postscript form.
Most works are multi-sectional.
Most works are on view within the public spaces of the building's interior.
Most works are readily available in libraries and bookstores.
Most works are realistic, with some more surrealistic.
Most works come directly from posts to the alt.cows.moo.moo.moo newsgroup.
Most works displayed are available for purchase.
Most works enter the public domain because their copyrights have expired.
Most works have a name on the base somewhere.
Most works listed are available for purchase or limited rights use.
Most works still arrive in print form, but more and more are embodying diverse media.
Much work apparently needs to be done.
Much work can be self-made to keep the price down.
Much work continues today to address the safe storage of other residue forms.
Much work exists within psychiatry from an objective standpoint.
Much work focuses on improving the accuracy and speed with which scientists can map proteins.
Much work goes into being an athletic director.
Much work goes into creating an environment that is very realistic to their natural home.
Much work goes into raising a child.
Much work goes on behind the scenes and beyond the camping programs.
Much work has to be done before actual construction can begin, however.
Much work has to be done free of charge because there is no state help available.
Much work has to be done, but our approach is bearing fruit.
Much work has yet to be allocated to contract holders or to new entrants to the scheme.
Much work has yet to be done, but hopeful signs are appearing.
Much work has yet to be done.
Much work is accomplished through the use of computers.
Much work is ahead.
Much work is also in progress on supporting infrastructure.
Much work is carried out as part of a team made up of a range of staff.
Much work is carried out to elaborate special technologies based on vibrations.
Much work is concerned with children and the young.
Much work is done at night or when light levels are low at dawn, dusk and during inclement weather.
Much work is done by hand.
Much work is done by telephone, but frequent visits also to picture libraries and agencies.
Much work is done in the cockpit which is good detailed.
Much work is done in the field of sediment transport in both shallow and deep water environments.
Much work is done in the highly detailed cockpit and the radarnose.
Much work is done on improving the modelling, and improving the speed.
Much work is done online from workstations.
Much work is done outdoors in the sculpture courtyards.
Much work is done outside of school.
Much work is done pro bono.
Much work is done to encourage and develop a sense of conservation science.
Much work is done to keep from cutting into existing streets.
Much work is done to preserve the abundance.
Much work is done with functions algebraically and confirmed on a graphing utility.
Much work is drudgery, but much also brings satisfaction.
Much work is generated through requests for assistance from local public health agencies.
Much work is in progress.
Much work is left to be done.
Much work is necessary, the source of sustenance and income, but much is also voluntary.
Much work is needed here.
Much work is needed in development of partner schools.
Much work is needed to address and resolve the myriad of serious issues that have been raised.
Much work is needed to avoid huge problems in the UK and other western economies.
Much work is needed to develop analytical approaches to the data that yield meaningful statistics.
Much work is needed to get the cooperation of caregivers.
Much work is needed to pass the audition.
Much work is needed to really get Unicode stuff usable.
Much work is needed to test the numerous genes against grapevine pathogens.
Much work is needed.
Much work is required before each shipment is made.
Much work is required to produce a small amount of essential oil.
Much work is required to render the site a fully operational hyperdocument.
Much work is still at hand.
Much work is still experimental - with few resounding successes.
Much work is still to be accomplished.
Much work is still to be done in defining paradigms for effective learning in a mobile environment.
Much work is still to be done in the senate body, and in the house of representatives.
Much work is still undone.
Much work is to be done at the department of semiotics at Bologna.
Much work is to be done in preparation.
Much work is under way enhancing and expanding the code base.
Much work is under way in the realm of tax processing.
Much work is underway to find a solution.
Much work is underway to lay out the theoretical and methodological foundations for semiotics.
Much work is with people behind the scenes in closed areas.
Much work is yet to be done.
Much work lies ahead for botanists in California.
Much work lies ahead in follow-up and implementation.
Much work lies ahead in reforming the civil service to meet new challenges.
Much work lies ahead to keep the road open on a permanent basis.
Much work lies ahead to reach a peaceful and lasting settlement.
Much work lies ahead, of course.
Much work lies ahead.
Much work needs to be done before it can be said that the concept is properly proven.
Much work needs to be done in considering the issues.
Much work needs to be done in establishing standards for student outcome measures.
Much work needs to be done in the developing countries.
Much work needs to be done such as establishing a viable prey base before lions can be translocated.
Much work needs to be done to implement our conclusions.
Much work needs to be done to increase our student involvement.
Much work needs to be done to mature the e-speak .
Much work needs to be done to overcome the problems associated with integrating tape storage.
Much work needs to be done to take better advantage of machine-analyzed documents.
Much work needs to be done to understand the evolutionary dynamics of small populations.
Much work needs to be done towards relating proofs done in different formal systems.
Much work needs to be done with regard to educational administrators and college faculties.
Much work needs to be done with the invertebrate fauna at all of the field sites.
Much work needs to be done, and more students are welcome to participate.
Much work needs to be done, however, to provide empirical justification for any particular typology.
Much work needs to be done.
Much work occurs between session.
Much work remains ahead, of course.
Much work remains ahead.
Much work remains and the problems with the rolling roof present new challenges.
Much work remains before disaster resistance and economic sustainability become public values.
Much work remains before the legislature can establish a transportation budget.
Much work remains for developing more rapid and simpler methods.
Much work remains however, mostly related to the vacuum vessel.
Much work remains in spite of the many advances being made in fuel cells for portable electronics.
Much work remains in terms of verification of the information and then keeping it up to date.
Much work remains in the area of child care.
Much work remains in the identification, description and documentation of the species collected.
Much work remains to be able to open the park to the public.
Much work remains to be completed.
Much work remains to be done .
Much work remains to be done before a final draft, that can remain reasonably stable, appears.
Much work remains to be done before a lasting peace is built in Bosnia.
Much work remains to be done before autonomous robots can reliably monitor their own behaviors.
Much work remains to be done before cost-effective SMAs can be used in new construction.
Much work remains to be done before SMAs can be used cost-effectively in new construction.
Much work remains to be done before the lighthouse opens again to visitors.
Much work remains to be done here.
Much work remains to be done however.
Much work remains to be done in a wide range of issues related to historical concepts of disposal.
Much work remains to be done in assessing external dependencies.
Much work remains to be done in both native and commercial aspects of Hawaiian forest pathology.
Much work remains to be done in classifying and describing the many minority languages of China.
Much work remains to be done in fully addressing the issue of pupil assessment.
Much work remains to be done in order to address current maternal and infant mortality rates.
Much work remains to be done in terms of optimizing bloom show at sale time.
Much work remains to be done in the area of clinical research.
Much work remains to be done in the area of technology.
Much work remains to be done in the determination of transition probabilities.
Much work remains to be done in the Virgo cluster .
Much work remains to be done in Ukraine's transition to a modern European state.
Much work remains to be done on the characterization of local apatites.
Much work remains to be done on the details.
Much work remains to be done on the evolution of snakes.
Much work remains to be done on the reasons for it.
Much work remains to be done over the huge site.
Much work remains to be done to bring the full truth to light.
Much work remains to be done to develop suitable Chinese operating systems.
Much work remains to be done to fully establish the new system and get it to function well.
Much work remains to be done to meet clean water goals.
Much work remains to be done to resolve some issues in the remaining weeks of the session.
Much work remains to be done to set criteria for performance standards.
Much work remains to be done to uncover the true value of using natural compounds in cancer therapy.
Much work remains to be done, and it won t happen if economies continue slowing.
Much work remains to be done, and some pessimism is appropriate.
Much work remains to be done, and the road ahead is tough.
Much work remains to be done, but the design is well suited to a collaborative effort.
Much work remains to be done, but theprocess is gaining momentum.
Much work remains to be done, for the full story has yet to be told.
Much work remains to be done, however, before the researchers can claim victory.
Much work remains to be done, however.
Much work remains to be done, including what triggers the mechanism and how it works.
Much work remains to be done, of course.
Much work remains to be done, particularly at the local scale and on rural areas.
Much work remains to be done, so there is a lot of opportunity for development.
Much work remains to be done, with the reconstruction of the cockpit section now underway.
Much work remains to be done.
Much work remains to complete the project.
Much work remains to determine the precise nature of the neuropil alterations.
Much work remains to improve our biological and chemical defenses and counterforce capabilities.
Much work remains to improve the lives of working women.
Much work remains to make Panama a first world nation.
Much work remains to optimise lamellar keratoplasty results.
Much work remains unearthed or unexhibited.
Much work remains unpublished.
Much work remains until a full system is operational.
Much work remains, and it is urgent.
Much work remains, and the next chapter requires renewed energy and resources.
Much work remains, and there are a lot of difficult decisions to be made.
Much work remains, but it's a strong start.
Much work remains, but parts of Israel are blooming again.
Much work remains, however, before such goals can be realized.
Much work remains, however, before the memory cube becomes reality.
Much work remains, however, in protecting such a legacy of hope, opportunity, and freedom.
Much work remains, however.
Much work remains, including research on environmental impacts and a public hearing.
Much work remains, therefore, before the aims of the Equal Pay Act have been realised.
Much work remains, though, to be done before the museum can be opened to the public.
Much work remains.
Much work still has to be done.
Much work still is needed to increase the quality of African American health care.
Much work still lies ahead, and comments and ideas are welcome.
Much work still needs to be done before broadcasting is possible.
Much work still needs to be done in regards to educating Spanish-speaking women about folic acid.
Much work still needs to be done in the future.
Much work still needs to be done on the four to five hundred thousand acres to be planted.
Much work still needs to be done to create an artificial brain, say the scientists.
Much work still needs to be done to make the river completely clean.
Much work still needs to be done, but the foundations have been laid.
Much work still needs to be done.
Much work still remains ahead.
Much work still remains on the canals, rail lines, and river features.
Much work still remains to be accomplished.
Much work still remains to be done to understand how light therapy modifies our moods.
Much work still remains to be done.
Much work still remains.
Much works remains ahead towards achieving economic independence.
Some work already exists in the area of adaptive hypertext documents.
Some work already exists.
Some work also takes smoothing or noise removal into account.
Some work beats no work, and work tends to beget more work.
Some work belongs to the money economy, some meets social goals outside the economic sphere.
Some work bends towards the corporate needing to bend towards the cool.
Some work can help a child socialise, build self esteem and develop skills.
Some work continues on other data transfers.
Some work deals with political organizations that focus on political reform.
Some work falls between the cracks of the usual genres.
Some work has to be done to interpret the recursor.
Some work has to be done with managing which module supports which attributes.
Some work here is proprietary.
Some work here is unfinished and only included as a reference.
Some work involving sensors is undertaken.
Some work is already under way.
Some work is better performance based.
Some work is better than no work.
Some work is briefed out to private barristers, solicitors and experts.
Some work is done by committee members themselves.
Some work is done by e-mail.
Some work is done electronically, using advanced computer software.
Some work is done in neighboring townships in Otter Tail County.
Some work is done in surgical or medical units at the patients bedside.
Some work is done with stone inlay and some with gold.
Some work is done, but more to do.
Some work is easy.
Some work is free form and abstract.
Some work is handled on the basis of a fixed fee for certain work.
Some work is handled on the basis of an hourly rate.
Some work is hard.
Some work is in groups.
Some work is involved.
Some work is kinda fun and kick-ass and plays well to a mixed and untrained audience.
Some work is large or very long so that it extends over the edges of the hearth while heating.
Some work is less psychologically but no less politically charged.
Some work is more exciting than other work.
Some work is more valuable than other work.
Some work is needed on our third down defense.
Some work is needed to reduce weight and make repairs to frames and supports.
Some work is needed.
Some work is now under way to understand such distinctions.
Some work is outdoors on the road where equipment breakdown has occurred.
Some work is paid and some has special requirements.
Some work is performed in a maintenance shop.
Some work is performed outside in all kinds of weather.
Some work is ready to begin.
Some work is related to computers.
Some work is required before it can be applied directly to proteins.
Some work is required during the preceding semester.
Some work is required to bring the new user interface on line.
Some work is required to make it a smooth functioning part of the culture of the organization.
Some work is reviewed.
Some work is simple housekeeping, such as renumbering rules to correspond with new statute numbers.
Some work is still to be completed.
Some work is undertaken offscreen and the results entered.
Some work is underway in biomedical application of radiation.
Some work is underway to assess the impacts.
Some work lends itself to being identified as Canadian because of features such as geography.
Some work needs to be done on defining the basic concepts central to engineering.
Some work needs to be done on several of the parts that deal with the mailto links.
Some work needs to be done on the ride.
Some work needs to be done on the roof.
Some work needs to be done to make sure the best source is used, with current, valid data.
Some work needs to be done to understand the underlying messages.
Some work never goes anywhere.
Some work occasionally is sub-contracted.
Some work occurs as employment in formal workplaces, in large enterprises.
Some work provides little reward, intrinsic or extrinsic.
Some work remains in finalizing some of the components and testing the installer.
Some work remains in the software area.
Some work remains on the esplanade between the two fields.
Some work remains to be completed to gain academic credit for the course.
Some work remains to be done in the chairman's office.
Some work remains to be done on window locks, especially when locking by part of the window title.
Some work remains to be done over coming weeks and months.
Some work remains to be done to implement all of the membership services being planned.
Some work remains, however.
Some work says it's best to rip while the soil is a little moist and other, while it's dry.
Some work seems hard to measure.
Some work seems to be mindless and soulless.
Some work shows the style of surrealism.
Some work still needs to be done, but the basic structure is in place.
Some work still remains to be done on the new dewar.
Some work takes considerably longer.
Some works also pay attention to more sociopolitical topics.
Some works appear in more than one category.
Some works appear on more than one area list.
Some works are also available in languages other than English, including Chinese and Russian.
Some works are also cross-referenced under subject terms that capture historical events.
Some works are among the most ambitious seen at the meadow in recent years.
Some works are available for loan to offices on campus.
Some works are available for viewing by appointment only.
Some works are available on T-shirts.
Some works are available only in print.
Some works are available only on the Internet.
Some works are better than others because some writers and thinkers are better than others.
Some works are both dramatic and nondramatic.
Some works are complete with fictitious reviewer s comments and sales copy.
Some works are contemplative, introspective, while others reveal visual wit and humor.
Some works are current, some are retrospective, and it saves time to know which is which.
Some works are documentary, others experimental, while many are hybrids.
Some works are exquisitely esoteric while others have a na ve feel.
Some works are for sale.
Some works are fraught with the terror of oppression and others brim with hope and humor.
Some works are free, while others are for sale.
Some works are graphic displays of mathematical concepts.
Some works are hard to get hold of let alone get pictures for the web.
Some works are in languages other than English.
Some works are in Oil.
Some works are in private collections in France, Germany, Belgium, Sweden, Spain.
Some works are in progress at the moment.
Some works are in the public domain, for example, many government publications and clip art.
Some works are interesting because of the artist's deliberate creation of a chaotic effect.
Some works are interesting in their simplicity.
Some works are ironic or humorous, others angry, sophisticated, or reflective.
Some works are just too rich for total comprehension in one reading.
Some works are liturgical, clearly conceived to carry the weight of the liturgical tradition.
Some works are more completely represented than others.
Some works are more copyrightable than others.
Some works are more strongly revisionist than others.
Some works are mostly black with only chips and chunks of white cut away.
Some works are mostly text.
Some works are notable for their clarity.
Some works are of extremely high quality and have very high artistic value.
Some works are precious and good-the gold, the silver, and the precious stones.
Some works are so original they defy classification.
Some works are subversive but others are just obscure.
Some works are traditional sculpture, some are digital printouts that have been painted over.
Some works are very early products of Central Asian thought.
Some works are very kinetic, some angry.
Some works are visually oriented, others are concept pieces.
Some works are works of a lifetime.
Some works are written for two people to play together using two pianos.
Some works complement their surroundings, others create a new environment in themselves.
Some works contain strong language and descriptions of sex.
Some works do contain a third language such as Latin.
Some works employ computer art programs quite a bit.
Some works expand on the seemingly accidental layering of information found in the drawings.
Some works have a studio seal.
Some works have other opus numbers put in brackets after the name.
Some works have rocks or pieces of plastic for the bacteria to grow on .
Some works have rocks or pieces of plastic for the bacteria to grow on.
Some works have several copyrights attached.
Some works have viewable abstracts and downloadable preprints.
Some works is available for sale.
Some works listed also cover Eire.
Some works look sketchy also.
Some works offer no more than a superficial outline of the present situation.
Some works perfectly fit the category in which they have been placed.
Some works reflect in-depth scholarship and have a sophisticated structure.
Some works require a sound card, java-enabled browser, and VRML plugin.
Some works require as much silence as talk.
Some works reveal all a book's hand painted pages at once.
Some works seem based on over-contrasty photography.
Workable actions are essential to the rail planning process.
Workable alternatives are available.
Workable analogy is a operational olympic size swimming pool to represent orbital space.
Workable competition holds the promise for improved economic performance.
Workable competition is a much better regulator than government.
Workable defenses are most likely in place now.
All workable ideas are open to discussion.
Workable spray provides extra volume, texture and manageability on all hair types.
Workaholic men take heart and neglected women take note.
A workaholic is a compulsive
Workaholics also can threaten the health of their co-workers.
Workaholics are brutal to themselves.
Workaholics are often narcissistic and unable to comprehend the impact of their actions on others.
Workaholics are prone to depression, physical illnesses and heart attacks.
Workaholics are sometimes guys who are just avoiding social contact.
Workaholics are television shows.
Workaholics believe they are taking care of their families.
Workaholics feel their self worth is defined by work.
Workaholics have hard choices to make.
Workaholics have trouble with humanness.
Workaholics lack the contrast because they do nothing but work.
Workaholics tend to do a lot of busywork, lots of checking and rechecking.
Workaholics use work as an excuse to avoid conversation and intimacy with their spouse.
Workaholics often neglect their own health.
Many workaholics are also most comfortable when extremely busy .
Many workaholics are most comfortable being extremely busy.
Many workaholics bury or second-guess their feelings and intuitions.
Many workaholics have no wish to change.
Many workaholics view their behavior practical rather than destructive.
Most workaholics are middle-aged men.
Most workaholics have no wish to change .
Most workaholics have no wish to change.
A workaholism is a trait
Workaholism becomes a relationship with work that competes with other important relationships.
Workaholism can be very damaging to family and other outside relationships.
Workaholism comes in at least two varieties, the experts say.
Workaholism is a disorder with some remarkable similarities to other addictive behaviors.
Workaholism is a progressive syndrome.
Workaholism is every bit as addictive and damaging as alcoholism and drug abuse.
Workaholism is working to the exclusion of everything else in one s life, say experts.
Workaholism suggests a couple of things.
Workaholism usually comes from outside pressures.
A workbench is a table
Workbench isa table.
Workbenches are the core or basic building element of a workstation.
Workbenches have (part) sections.
Workbenches have (part) tabletops.
Workbenches have (part) tableware.
Workbenches supplant the flat command structure.
Workbenchs are located in garages.
Workbenchs are software.
Workbenchs are tables.
Workbenchs are workstations.
All workbenches have a dust collector and electric and air-driven handpiece controllers.
Most workbenches employe the use of tracked glove or wand systems for navigation.
Some workbenches offer a pin mounting receptacle.
A workbook is a book
Workbooks accompany both texts.
Workbooks accompany each broadcast.
Workbooks accompany each video to guide the user through the material.
Workbooks accompany the video .
Workbooks allow for minimal guidance after the first few weeks.
Workbooks allow for reinforcement of reading skills.
Workbooks are also available for selected workshops.
Workbooks are also available.
Workbooks are available for church groups and workplace study groups.
Workbooks are available for in-library use near the reference desk .
Workbooks are available for purchase.
Workbooks are available free to Illinois residents.
Workbooks are available only in quantities of five or more.
Workbooks are available through the publisher.
Workbooks are available to workshop participants only.
Workbooks are books.
Workbooks are copier-friendly, so one per school, please.
Workbooks are extra.
Workbooks are mandatory.
Workbooks are only one of many choices.
Workbooks are relatively inexpensive.
Workbooks are to be completed as assigned.
Workbooks are to be used to reinforce learning, for supplementary instruction and for enrichment.
Workbooks can stand alone as complete, highly effective learning tools.
Workbooks contain all of the steps needed to accomplish the tasks demonstrated during class.
Workbooks designed for one scenario are easily modifiable or extended to others.
Workbooks focus on theory, skills, and improvising.
Workbooks showing activities to model math concepts are also available.
Workbooks still consume more time than actual reading.
Workbooks take longer and are less effective than interactive courseware.
A workbox is a container
Workboxes derive their name from the fact that they are typically created from empty shoeboxes.
All workcamp hosts are responsible for the general safety of all volunteers during the program.
Workcamp programs offer participants the chance to volunteer in a group setting that is diverse.
A workday is a weekday
Workdays are also a common activity for the community of faith.
Workdays are days.
Workdays are often as long as eleven hours.
Workdays are often much longer than eight hours and meeting deadlines can be stressful.
Workdays are on the weekends in the afternoons.
Workdays are weekdays.
Workdays get longer.
Workdays vary, depending on the jobs assigned.
Every workday ends with the same argument about who gets to ride in the cab of the truck.
Every workday is a challenge.
Worked examples help the people who are going to fill in the survey.
Worked examples illustrate application of the data for each material.
Worked solutions are available, along with the exam paper .
Worker advocates contend many have earned the right of citizenship.
Worker advocates say the typical undocumented laborer makes minimum wage or slightly above.
Worker ants are dark, small, highly variable in size, aggressive, and sting relentlessly.
Worker ants are often light to dark brown in color and usually have spots.
Worker ants are similar in shape and color, but are smaller and lack wings.
Worker ants are similar in shape and color, but often are smaller and lack wings.
Worker ants are wingless, sterile females.
Worker ants can bite and produce a painful sting but are generally reluctant to sting.
Worker ants can travel up to the length of a football field booking food.
Worker ants carry food back to the colony so that other ants and the queen can eat.
Worker ants carry the bait to the queens that eat it and become sterile or die.
Worker ants feed the queen, fight off enemies, construct a maze of tunnels, and care for the young.
Worker ants forage constantly during the warmer months of the season.
Worker ants have relatively large heads compared to their bodies.
Worker ants live in colonies.
Worker ants perform duties.
Worker ants perform other duties, often depending on their age.
Worker ants perform other duties.
Worker ants seem to expend considerable effort sorting and consolidating the brood.
Worker ants take the poison to their queen who becomes sterile.
Most worker ants live in colonies.
Most worker ants perform duties.
Most worker ants perform other duties.
Some worker ants leave ant colonies.
Some worker ants leave colonies.
Some worker ants provide services.
A worker bee is a worker
Worker bees are all female, and perform all the tasks in the hive except two.
Worker bees are all female.
Worker bees are female bees that hatch from a fertilized egg.
Worker bees are non-breeding females.
Worker bees are non-reproductive females.
Worker bees are raised in the multi-purpose, horizontally arranged cells of the comb.
Worker bees are workers.
Worker bees can make wax from the bottom of their abdomens.
Worker bees collect nectar and pollen for the queen and new larvae to eat, and keep the burrow tidy.
Worker bees control the fate of the female larvae.
Worker bees do all the different tasks needed to maintain and operate the hive.
Worker bees do different things depending on how old they are.
Worker bees drink nectar.
Worker bees drink the nectar and store it in a pouch-like structure called the crop.
Worker bees eat eggs laid by other workers but leave eggs laid by the queen.
Worker bees fan the hive, cooling it with evaporated water brought by water carriers.
Worker bees feed the larva a mixture called royal jelly and bee milk for the next two days.
Worker bees feed the larvae, drones, and queen.
Worker bees gather nectar from flowers and convert it into enough honey to keep the colony alive.
Worker bees get energy.
Worker bees guard the entrance of the hive.
Worker bees have a stinger to defend the hive, but they are unlikely to use it unless provoked.
Worker bees have four pairs of wax glands on the underside of their abdomens.
Worker bees have hives.
Worker bees have stingers that are bent at the tip.
Worker bees have stomachs.
Worker bees have workers.
Worker bees live about one month.
Worker bees make royal jelly, which is fed to the queen bee.
Worker bees perform all the other roles in the colony.
Worker bees perform tasks.
Worker bees remove the liquid from the nectar.
Worker bees survive the winter, feeding on the honey and pollen they store.
Worker bees take care.
All worker bees are female and are produced from fertilized eggs.
Many worker bees give their lives to save a bee hive from an attack by bears or other animals.
Many worker bees pass the day buzzing about a computer.
Most worker bees drink nectar.
Most worker bees get energy.
Most worker bees have hives.
Most worker bees have workers.
Most worker bees live .
Most worker bees perform tasks.
Most worker bees take care.
Some worker bees feed larvae.
Some worker bees have life.
Some worker bees have tasks.
Some worker bees produce jelly.
Some worker bees produce royal jelly.
Worker castes are sterile.
Worker control seems to make a big difference in reported stress levels.
Worker cooperatives are excellent examples of the power of workers themselves to direct an economy.
Worker cooperatives are unique both as cooperatives and as businesses.
Some worker cooperatives are highly democratic, with a collective decision-making process.
Worker honey bees have stingers.
Worker honey bees return to hives.
Worker honeybees perform attacks.
Worker protection is already a part of the law.
Worker protection is another cost growers face.
Worker protection is easy to do.
Worker protection is our thrust.
Worker rights are controversial because it involves major corporations.
Worker rights are important but there is no balance within Europe.
Worker rights are indivisible from human rights.
Worker rights promote productivity growth.
Worker safety has to be considered in any plan to work through the heating season.
Worker safety is also a concern, and occasional injuries result from careless operation.
Worker safety is also an advantage.
Worker safety is also an important consideration in selecting a suitable site near traffic.
Worker safety is an important aspect of any employer s responsibility.
Worker safety is an important consideration as accidents in construction do occur.
Worker safety is an issue that the process of food irradiation presents.
Worker safety is enhanced by delivering the right part direct to the worker.
Worker safety is indeed a matter of life or death.
Worker safety is now a priority for almost all employers.
Worker safety is our number one priority.
Worker termites feed on substances.
Worker termites feed on wood.
Worker termites look like insects.
A worker is a person
Worker ants forage for food for the colony, care for the queen and young, and defend the colony.
Worker can begin with light duties and include more tasks as their capacity for work changes.
Worker can stay for up to one year.
Worker doses likely to have acute fatal consequences.
Worker hires or fires assistants at the direction of employer.
Worker identifies important components of hood and their purposes.
Worker is able to identify areas of family strengths.
Worker is able to make an appropriate referral and complete the mandatory reporter checklist form.
Worker is responsible for all advertising revenue generation, invoicing, collection and tracking.
Worker isa individual.
Worker isa person.
Worker isa somebody.
Worker isa someone.
Worker knows the basic characteristics of drug exposed infants.
Worker knows the limitations to the variance to flow.
Worker knows the methods of service delivery.
Worker means man in regard to the employment of the factor of production human labor.
Worker moves out of state or country shortly after alleged injury.
Worker policing here is favored for group efficiency.
Worker policing limits the number of reproductives in a ponerine ant.
Worker smoothes sand for base in preparation to lay sidewalk pavers.
Worker submits oral or written reports.
Worker termites constantly forage far and wide, looking for wood to feed the colony.
Worker termites constantly forage far and wide, looking for wood to feed their colony.
Worker termites construct mud tubes and usher swarmer termites out for their annual mating season.
Worker termites forage among food sources and share their finds with others in the colony.
Worker termites gather food, maintain the nest, and feed and care for other members of the colony.
Worker termites out foraging in the leaf litter are also a useful food source for insectivores.
Worker termites tunnel into structural timbers and other sources of cellulose on which they feed.
Worker termites, the ones that damage wood by eating the softwood layers, are white and soft-bodied.
Workers absorb captan through their skin into their bloodstream.
Workers access data via computers throughout the plant to obtain on-line process information.
Workers access information.
Workers access services.
Workers access support services.
Workers achieve a slight gain in wages and benefits.
Workers acknowledge that there is a striking range of variation even within botanical varieties.
Workers acquire skills.
Workers actively vibrate their antennae when ambulatory.
Workers add another level to the underground parking structure.
Workers add little value to the product.
Workers add oxygen and nitrogen sampling lines to the top of the hold after the ship is loaded.
Workers advance as more experienced workers move up or retire.
Workers aggressively defend their nest by repeatedly stinging invaders.
Workers agree to stop helping out the employer.
Workers aid fallen riders and clean the track of debris, oil and motorcycles.
Workers allege nothing has changed since the strike.
Workers allege verbal, physical and sexual abuse by supervisors.
Workers alone have mouths for collecting nectar and the honey-carrying crop.
Workers already have a lot of human capital tied up in their workplaces.
Workers also answer questions.
Workers also appear in court if cases are taken through the justice system.
Workers also are eligible for retirement benefits.
Workers also are hopeful about the case's eventual outcome.
Workers also argue from a rights perspective.
Workers also become less alert and are more likely to injure themselves or others.
Workers also benefit by being well prepared from day one to do the job.
Workers also bring pollen back to the colony where it is used as food.
Workers also build and maintain the hive, and feed the colony.
Workers also can control the process to prevent toxic emissions.
Workers also can earn flex days, profit sharing and fun trips to amusement centers.
Workers also can order meals, at company expense, from dozens of area restaurants.
Workers also clean the filters daily.
Workers also clean the royal pair and carry away the eggs.
Workers also complain about strict factory rules and harsh management style.
Workers also cough up phlegm or mucous.
Workers also enter treated areas to conduct activities that prevent freeze damage to crops.
Workers also expect the flood to cause outbreaks of diseases, including malaria and cholera.
Workers also fear losing jobs in a remote area with few alternatives.
Workers also find comfort, camaraderie, and security in the community atmosphere of the camps.
Workers also force feed animals enormous quantities of products until half of all the animals die.
Workers also get three weeks of paid vacation and participate in a quarterly profit-sharing plan.
Workers also give perspective on the building of the new morgue.
Workers also give total loyalty to the companies, receiving life-long employment in return.
Workers also gripe about the quality of the company's leaders.
Workers also groom and transport larvae.
Workers also have a right to freedom of movement.
Workers also have to get permission to go to the washroom.
Workers also help determine the adult role of larvae.
Workers also herd and milk aphids.
Workers also install pipes to pump inert nitrogen into the holds after loading.
Workers also manage to waste other peoples' time as well.
Workers also manufacture components from lumber and dimension stock.
Workers also pay income tax to the federal government.
Workers also perform a number of wrist exercises aimed at averting carpal tunnel.
Workers also provide advice and assistance to the community on issues facing individuals.
Workers also realize that it is acceptable and desirable to coach each other.
Workers also receive a traditional pension.
Workers also say it's bidding on two big foreign night vision contracts.
Workers also say they are fighting the excessive workload demanded by the company.
Workers also spend their savings on new shoes, toiletries and tuition.
Workers also stand for long periods.
Workers also suffer from the cancer of racism that still infects South Africa.
Workers also take classes in English.
Workers also use the computer system for coal blending.
Workers also value and appreciate recognition for their work.
Workers appear to be taking the unexpected leave in stride.
Workers appear to have less time for education or recreation.
Workers applaud the new atmosphere at headquarters.
Workers apply pesticides to the ground around the plants.
Workers appreciate learning new skills for helping drug-affected families.
Workers appreciate supervisors who take the time to share the purpose of an assignment.
Workers are a class for themselves before being a class against capital.
Workers are a key factor in nuclear safety.
Workers are a major asset, and their health and safety affect the bottom line.
Workers are a sector of modern society who live from selling their labour in the factories.
Workers are able to bring water to the colony in their stomachs.
Workers are able to modify data off-line and synchronize changes with the enterprise portal later.
Workers are able to produce more of a good using the same resources in the same amount of time.
Workers are accustomed to the gawking from outside the orange plastic fence which rings the set.
Workers are active at removal of stakes and mowing down older crop.
Workers are active on the soil surface at night or during cooler parts of the day.
Workers are actively fundraising, however more is needed.
Workers are actors in a capitalist drama.
Workers are actually phenotypically different.
Workers are afraid of losing their jobs and constantly feel on edge.
Workers are afraid of redundancies.
Workers are afraid to leave the factory-dorm compound.
Workers are afraid to lodge complaints, out of fear of dismissal.
Workers are aggressive when the nest is disturbed and can deliver a painful sting.
Workers are all ages and of many backgrounds.
Workers are all females equipped with stingers.
Workers are all sterile females who never have baby bees.
Workers are almost always closest to problems in a factory.
Workers are already here.
Workers are also amazed that only eight supervisors oversee the whole factory.
Workers are also at high risk of breathing or absorbing herbicides in the air.
Workers are also concerned about work injuries and attaining jobs with benefits.
Workers are also consumers.
Workers are also in areas with high pressure hazards, such as hoses, pipes, or the well itself.
Workers are also now responsible for cleaning their own work areas.
Workers are also on-call to families for emergency consultation or home visits when needed.
Workers are also responsible for making the colony function.
Workers are also willing to suck it up for several years for the payoff.
Workers are always stronger together.
Workers are always up for a fight to benefit our people.
Workers are always welcome.
Workers are among the lowest paid in the workforce.
Workers are an indispensable source of information about hazards.
Workers are an organization's greatest assets.
Workers are angry about being forced to return to work.
Workers are angry and from time to time try to get even.
Workers are anxious for some legitimate reasons.
Workers are appreciative.
Workers are as young as eight years old.
Workers are at a great disadvantage.
Workers are at risk, especially our youth.
Workers are attentive to feedback from family members and let it change their direction.
Workers are available in several states.
Workers are basically passive, even resistant to organizational needs.
Workers are being let go to improve the books for privatization purposes.
Workers are better educated, more mobile and better served by the communications industry.
Workers are blind and follow chemical trails laid down by other workers.
Workers are busy as bumble bees but produce less.
Workers are busy collecting, vacuuming and recycling fallen leaves.
Workers are busy planting and rotating flower beds across campus.
Workers are capable of bottle water.
Workers are carnivorous, and the larvae, with rare exceptions, spin cocoons prior to pupation.
Workers are central to the success of any organization.
Workers are clear on what they want from employers.
Workers are close to completing the warning track.
Workers are common, executives are rare.
Workers are concerned about possible health effects including cancer induction.
Workers are concerned about the elimination of their jobs through downsizing and outsourcing.
Workers are concerned with continuity of employment, benefits, pay and representation.
Workers are concerned with time and money.
Workers are constantly climbing up and down the unit, so good stairways are a necessity.
Workers are consumers too.
Workers are cross-trained and seem to have very positive attitudes toward each other and their jobs.
Workers are determined to keep their issues on the table in meetings with management.
Workers are determined to remain vigilant.
Workers are different from the general public.
Workers are different today, too.
Workers are eligible for benefits for work-related injuries regardless of who is at fault.
Workers are employees unless a hiring firm can prove otherwise.
Workers are especially prone to poisoning.
Workers are essential for social structure and proper colony functioning.
Workers are exposed to radon in several occupations.
Workers are extremely small.
Workers are far more effective when they take direct action while still on the job.
Workers are flexible in terms of place, time, intensity and format of contacts.
Workers are free at anytime to cancel their labour contracts.
Workers are free to change from one administrating company to another.
Workers are free to change from one investment company to another.
Workers are free to join independent trade unions, bargain collectively, and stage strikes.
Workers are free to join trade unions and negotiate with their employers.
Workers are free to leave a dangerous workplace situation without jeopardy to continued employment.
Workers are free to move from town to town and do so to seek the highest wage.
Workers are free to organize unions and choose their own representatives.
Workers are free to organize unions and choose their representatives.
Workers are frightened to report their injuries because of intimidation and lack of job security.
Workers are generally unaware of health and safety issues.
Workers are generally untrained, lower educational achievements and prone to mistakes.
Workers are hand picking most acreage and packing ears in the field.
Workers are highly sensitive to perturbations that directly affect their work environment.
Workers are highly skilled and have great experience organizing a division of labor.
Workers are in every section of the church.
Workers are in teams, teams are in groups and so on.
Workers are individuals, with individual needs, methods and preferences.
Workers are indivisible.
Workers are inherently lazy.
Workers are insects.
Workers are insightful and know when the truth is being obscured.
Workers are invisible.
Workers are knowledgeable of and actively involved in ensuring safe operations.
Workers are less loyal to a single company and more apt to switch jobs over their lifetimes.
Workers are less resentful.
Workers are less than thrilled.
Workers are likely to resist lay-offs or closures.
Workers are local people who are concerned and proud of their work.
Workers are located in desks.
Workers are located in roofs.
Workers are located in shops.
Workers are located in work.
Workers are mainly retired people.
Workers are mainly retired persons.
Workers are mainly young migrant women.
Workers are meticulous in selecting raw material, mixing ingredients and production.
Workers are more and more refusing to be passive.
Workers are more concerned with keeping up with the cost of living than with merit raises.
Workers are more efficient, accurate, and motivated thanks to their new knowledge and skills.
Workers are more likely to be affected than the general public due to greater exposure.
Workers are more likely to get home, plop on the couch and watch television.
Workers are more likely to participate if they feel their ideas are given serious consideration.
Workers are more openly critical of management than ever before.
Workers are more or less sterile.
Workers are more productive on the better land - they can produce more units of wealth.
Workers are more productive when they are working with modern equipment.
Workers are more productive when they lose less time to illness, disability and premature death.
Workers are more productive, less fatigued.
Workers are more productive, thanks to the new equipment purchased by their employers.
Workers are most active at night, traveling from their nest to a food source following trails.
Workers are most efficient when the architect communicates design details.
Workers are mostly volunteers.
Workers are much less likely to slack off when forward motion is continually monitored.
Workers are much more likely to fall asleep on night shift.
Workers are no longer afraid to speak out.
Workers are no longer willing to rent themselves to a job to survive to the weekend.
Workers are now able to join the plan any time, instead of waiting a full year.
Workers are often afraid to stand up for their rights in case they are fired.
Workers are often aware of the risks they face, but are unable to leave.
Workers are often reluctant to accept temporary job offers even at high pay.
Workers are often rude and disrespectful.
Workers are often suspicious of the very word team .
Workers are often willing to put in extra effort when a unit needs special help.
Workers are on days one week and nights the next.
Workers are one even though they have different types of occupation.
Workers are opposed to a clause that provides wage increases on a merit basis.
Workers are organized into trade unions and so on.
Workers are outdoors and exposed to extreme temperatures and weather conditions.
Workers are outlaws in America.
Workers are particularly vulnerable in times of labour contraction and industrial restructuring.
Workers are people.
Workers are plentiful in the area.
Workers are polymorphic, with majors, minors and intermediates present.
Workers are productive with fair pay tied to performance.
Workers are ready behind check-out counters, and students sit at tables.
Workers are represented through four major unions.
Workers are responsible for constructing living chambers and tunnels and foraging for food.
Workers are responsible for getting out and putting away all materials used during each session.
Workers are responsible for maintaining security of radioactive materials.
Workers are responsible for their own quality control, eliminating the quality control department.
Workers are responsible for vehicles furnished by employers.
Workers are responsible to act on all changes known to the department.
Workers are scared to talk.
Workers are sensitized to their standing and to their possibilities.
Workers are simply means to an end - commodities.
Workers are slender and appear to be deep red in color.
Workers are slightly smaller than drones.
Workers are small, white insects which are blind and are very sensitive to heat, cold and dry air.
Workers are smaller and darker in color.
Workers are sometimes confused with honey bees , especially when flying in and out of their nests.
Workers are sometimes confused with honey bees, especially when flying in and out of their nests.
Workers are somewhat encouraged about the job market.
Workers are stakeholders and are as important as stockholders.
Workers are sterile females produced by the queen that develop from fertilized, diploid eggs.
Workers are sterile females who care for the young, collect food, build and defend the nest.
Workers are sterile, just as soldiers are, meaning that they are incapable of reproducing.
Workers are sterile, wingless and blind males and females.
Workers are still on our campus finishing the landscaping, media center, gym, art and music rooms.
Workers are still slaves to their paycheck.
Workers are subject to the noise of woodworking machines and the presence of wood dust.
Workers are subject to unsatisfactory and dangerous conditions.
Workers are surly.
Workers are the experts when it comes to job design.
Workers are the heart and soul of our nation.
Workers are the key to revolution.
Workers are the main customer of safety.
Workers are the mainstay of our festivals.
Workers are the major cost item.
Workers are the masters of the process of work and the products of their labour.
Workers are the most important assets in any company.
Workers are the most numerous of the three castes.
Workers are the most plentiful.
Workers are the only bees that most people ever see.
Workers are the only losers in the grand scheme.
Workers are the smallest bees in the colony.
Workers are the sole providers and home keepers of the colony performing a host of tasks.
Workers are the stars of capitalism.
Workers are therefore unwilling to voice complaints.
Workers are to be notified of the results and of measures involving health and safety at work.
Workers are to be properly trained regarding handling and disposal of biohazardous materials.
Workers are to be provided with appropriate working or protective clothing.
Workers are to report unsafe acts and conditions initially to their immediate supervisor.
Workers are to schedule their time with Sandy.
Workers are to step up strikes if the government refuses to address their demands.
Workers are to use it directly in the field.
Workers are too common, and therefore less valuable to society.
Workers are too negative and managers are too callous.
Workers are too nervous about being laid off to demand raises or organize.
Workers are trainable and adaptable.
Workers are trained on jobs.
Workers are unable to buy the goods and services they produce.
Workers are unable to get the proper products and tools to do their jobs.
Workers are unappreciated, and their needs consistently go unmet.
Workers are unaware of how much is actually being paid over by their employers to the insurers.
Workers are unaware of their exploitation .
Workers are uncertain and impatient.
Workers are under pressure to reach unreasonable job quotas.
Workers are unhappy because they are forced to accept plans based on tax incentives for employers.
Workers are upper-division accounting majors and have access to solutions manuals.
Workers are upset about corporate greed.
Workers are usually the first to recognize safety problems.
Workers are usually the most numerous individuals in the colony.
Workers are usually very skilled and work on the same product themselves from start to finish.
Workers are very frustrated.
Workers are weary.
Workers are wingless and typically survive for several months.
Workers are wingless, but at mating time swarms of males and females are produced, usually winged.
Workers are workers the world over.
Workers are worms.
Workers are worried about their own finances or the situations facing friends and family.
Workers are, after all, voters.
Workers arrive late because their buses have no fuel.
Workers assemble all the parts, put boxes together and package warmers for shipping.
Workers assemble educational computers at an electronics factory in Guangdong Province.
Workers assume roles.
Workers assume tasks.
Workers attach the cable to a rope already threaded through each conduit in the duct banks.
Workers attack queens at night on foraging trails, the same way they attack prey.
Workers attempt to improve the overall adaptive functioning of the family.
Workers avoid areas.
Workers avoid conflict.
Workers avoid pain and disability, and employers save money and increase productivity.
Workers become aware of their ergonomic problems and identify high-risk procedures.
Workers become depressed, output plunges, profits vanish.
Workers become dissatisfied when opportunities for meaningful achievement are eliminated.
Workers become employed right after their graduation from school with a particular company.
Workers become exhausted, and anger comes easily to the surface.
Workers become hungrier for employment, creating a downward pressure on wages.
Workers become increasingly disconnected from themselves and their questions.
Workers become independent contractors and as such are responsible for their own lives.
Workers become less cynical and see the family strengths.
Workers become less eager taxpayers.
Workers become more important to the company.
Workers become more productive and the standard of living improves.
Workers become over confident and complacent, and neglect to take proper safety precautions.
Workers become socialists in action, through experience.
Workers begin by extracting massive hunks of earth from the round.
Workers begin careers.
Workers begin pouring concrete as soon as the inspector leaves.
Workers begin removing the broken cleat from the crawler-transporter track.
Workers begin repairing the crawler-transporter track.
Workers begin to feel the effects and their productivity goes down.
Workers begin to take less pride in their work.
Workers begin to wonder whether higher wages are the answer to everything.
Workers begin with three black cards in each period.
Workers begin worrying about how to get warm again.
Workers belonging to different subfamilies have the same mother but different fathers.
Workers Below is a list of web site links for injured workers.
Workers benefit because they experience the job and the company on a first hand basis.
Workers benefit by having the opportunity to move next door to another position. . . .
Workers benefit directly from fewer fatalities, injuries and illnesses.
Workers benefit from an on-site doctor, tea and meal breaks, and excellent lighting and ventilation.
Workers benefit from increased employment.
Workers benefit from increased job opportunities and higher wages.
Workers benefit from safer, healthier workplaces.
Workers benefit from style.
Workers benefit from the use of less-toxic products.
Workers bitten by prisoners or suspects require prompt medical attention.
Workers board up a window in the downtown core.
Workers boil the silk in a solution of that soap to remove the sericin.
Workers bolt down the remaining bleachers on the steel frame.
Workers bolt the girders together at a splice connection.
Workers bolt the pieces together from portable lifts.
Workers born in the first brood collect food, enlarge the nest, and tend the next newborns.
Workers borrow to make up for falling wages, which have just begun to rise.
Workers break the rocks into smaller pieces to use on buildings.
Workers bring bits of wood and vegetation for the fungus to grow on.
Workers bring materials home so that the entire family can contribute to the manufacturing process.
Workers bring water.
Workers build combs as they add wax to the cell base imprints on the sheet of foundation.
Workers build friendships and learn the history of the people.
Workers build guitars in one building and create and package strings in another.
Workers build seahuts to provide sleeping quarters for U.S. soliders.
Workers build stronger relationships with the youth and their families.
Workers build the nest, tend the eggs, and feed and groom all the other members of the community.
Workers build up money evenly throughout their careers.
Workers call it a company union.
Workers call it a 'rights grab' and are suing to have it declared unfair.
Workers can access information for a particular section and then proceed to another section.
Workers can also access information on requirements for occupational licensing within Wyoming.
Workers can also benefit from better training leading to better, higher paid jobs.
Workers can also escape to corporate teepees for brunch, brainstorming, or a beer-bash celebration.
Workers can also follow tree limbs or shrubs that touch the house.
Workers can also opt out of most of the provisions by way of agreements with their employers.
Workers can also send new tasks to the manager for allocation to other workers.
Workers can and do move to where they find the best jobs.
Workers can apply for any job they like, but employers are hamstrung.
Workers can be a valuable source of insights.
Workers can be anywhere and have the same capabilities.
Workers can be important allies and their tactics and strategies can be helpful models for action.
Workers can be proud and respected.
Workers can be registered nurses, therapists or home health aides.
Workers can be thousands of miles away from their employer and often, perhaps, in other countries.
Workers can become unconscious and die from a lack of oxygen.
Workers can become very disoriented when experiencing cold stress.
Workers can begin advance payments any time during the year.
Workers can benefit from increased autonomy and empowerment.
Workers can bring in their personal respirator outfits they use on the job for testing.
Workers can bring lead home from their workplace and unknowingly expose their families.
Workers can broaden their employment qualifications and skills, increasing salary levels.
Workers can choose an occupation they enjoy and still get paid for it.
Workers can choose from three types of ergonomically designed and individually adjustable chairs.
Workers can claim neither the sick leave nor the annual holidays mandated by Haitian labor law.
Workers can collect shares in an internal investment fund run by the firm's venture capital arm.
Workers can collect unemployment, severance pay and pension if they qualify.
Workers can come and go from the compute server, without requiring code changes or reconfiguration.
Workers can connect with one another's mobile phones using their old internal phone numbers.
Workers can create their own structures using a variety of blocks and building materials.
Workers can donate sugar water efficiently to other nestmates, with some acting as donors.
Workers can easily reduce the chance of an accident by arriving at work sober.
Workers can eat lunch there, next to the roses and camellias under a shadecloth shelter.
Workers can effectively organize politically and economically to fight their class battles.
Workers can either fight back or continue to suffer the exploitation.
Workers can either use vacation days or take unpaid time off.
Workers can either work and be productive, or be non-productive and shirk .
Workers can exercise political muscle through unions.
Workers can expect periodic layoffs between projects.
Workers can expect to receive a Statement each year about three months before their birthday.
Workers can expect to receive their statement each year about three months before their birth month.
Workers can expect to receive their Statement each year about three months before their birth month.
Workers can expect to receive their Statement each year about three months before their birthday.
Workers can feel free and relaxed.
Workers can feel ownership over the area and keep it organized.
Workers can file complaints in complete confidence.
Workers can follow along in the handbook as the trainer covers the material on the flip chart.
Workers can forage hundreds of feet from a colony in search of food.
Workers can get jobs almost anywhere.
Workers can go back to their former wage level by helping charities.
Workers can go on strike.
Workers can grow food or build homes.
Workers can improve their conditions if they unite and organize.
Workers can include a wide range of individuals previously outside such protection.
Workers can individually buy stock on the open market right now.
Workers can invest their money for their retirement.
Workers can later dig through the artificial dirt to check repairs,if necessary.
Workers can learn how to reduce stress right at their desk.
Workers can learn to live with any boss if they know what to expect.
Workers can log on to company web sites to do everything from enrollment to final distributions.
Workers can lose a real opportunity to connect by being too close-mouthed.
Workers can make or break a business.
Workers can more easily relocate when employment opportunities dwindle in the home country.
Workers can navigate through graphic representations of every stage of the assembly process.
Workers can no longer buy what they make.
Workers can no longer expect stable, full-time jobs and steadily rising incomes.
Workers can no longer live in the community they support with their labor.
Workers can often work year round if they are experienced with various types of machinery.
Workers can only claim unfair dismissal if they have been employed for a year or more.
Workers can only form or become members of the trade unions acknowledged by the government.
Workers can only go to the bathroom with permission from their supervisor.
Workers can participate for half days, full days, or all week.
Workers can prioritize and handle communications more efficiently.
Workers can proceed on getting the job done right instead of having to react to a crisis.
Workers can produce more if they work with more and better machines.
Workers can pull the appropriate jig readily without leaving their work areas.
Workers can push for bigger pay rises on the job as part of their next enterprise agreements.
Workers can put in time and get money, or they can put in time and get time.
Workers can recover from many MSDs in a matter of days if they are able to rest the injured area.
Workers can reduce the amount withheld from their paychecks to more closely match their actual tax.
Workers can refresh their memories and practice skills in key elements of effective writing.
Workers can refuse dangerous work situations without risk of penalty.
Workers can refuse dangerous work situations, without risk of penalty.
Workers can request to take a course or attend a conference from the pool of funds.
Workers can say the same about racism in the work place.
Workers can search homes and strip-search children without a warrant.
Workers can send and receive e-mail while away from their desk.
Workers can sign up for dates, times and venues.
Workers can simply cut off visibly affected areas, and the meat counts as approved.
Workers can slip on wet surfaces.
Workers can split into small teams to look at practices and recommend how they can be improved.
Workers can stick with current plan .
Workers can swallow chemicals in different ways.
Workers can take the leave for certain family and medical reasons.
Workers can take their money to other plans when they change jobs.
Workers can telecommute from home and utilize the same resources available while at the office.
Workers can then invest proceeds of divestment into mutual funds as they choose.
Workers can trade in existing options for new ones with an even lower strike price.
Workers can treat cuttings and remain in the propagation area.
Workers can use antibacterial soap to remove most of the bacteria from their hands.
Workers can use basic voice mail or the complete integrated unified messaging system.
Workers can use it to help pick up check stubs correctly when budgeting cases.
Workers can wear masks over their faces to filter out beryllium particles.
Workers care about it because it justifies wage increases.
Workers carefully guide the cradle containing the historic bronze panel away from the monument.
Workers carefully separate only the best leaves by hand.
Workers carefully separate the best leaves by hand.
Workers carry food.
Workers carry it back across the sands.
Workers carry negative and positive feelings home from work or to work from home.
Workers carry out duties.
Workers carry out many other duties.
Workers carry out other duties.
Workers carry seedlings for replanting cleared areas of the rain forests.
Workers carry the meat to be processed from the storage room to the work bench.
Workers carry the pesticide back to the nest and can eliminate the entire colony.
Workers carrying large bags of dog food, corn and poultry feed walk toward the troughs.
Workers carrying objects that obscure their vision are a real threat to themselves and co-workers.
Workers certainly have much to be frustrated over.
Workers change jobs more frequently in search for higher wages and perks.
Workers charge the company plays with budget figures to justify the lack of bonuses.
Workers check on the family, and notes with educational materials on grief are provided.
Workers check the spacecraft s position.
Workers choose whether to belong to a union.
Workers claim experience.
Workers claim managers do indeed take such opportunities to mask working conditions.
Workers claim the government does little or nothing about their situation.
Workers clean and protect the hive, care for eggs and larvae, and gather food.
Workers climb a ladder to the top of the tank and down an internal ladder to the roof.
Workers climb into running units because of a breakdown.
Workers clock in and out using encrypted passwords for authentication.
Workers close back door to food area.
Workers closely follow safety steps and use equipment such as welding hoods to prevent accidents.
Workers collect food and feed pre-chewed nectar to grubs.
Workers collect food for the colony and care for the young ants.
Workers collect nectar and pollen from many different flowers.
Workers collect plum blossoms by hand.
Workers collect seeds.
Workers come back at the end of the day are receive their wages then.
Workers come from all parts of the economy both in the public and private sectors.
Workers come from as far away as the Columbia Basin to get monthly donations for their families.
Workers come from surrounding communities too.
Workers come here for a set amount of time to do specific projects.
Workers come in contact with a small number of chemicals, easily tracked.
Workers come into contact with chemicals every day at work.
Workers come to Colombo from rural areas, hoping to send money back to their families.
Workers come to homes.
Workers come to the agency right out of school.
Workers come to the training.
Workers coming together to fight exploitation is our foundation.
Workers commonly report oppressive conditions that include no benefits.
Workers commonly tend honeydew-producing insects.
Workers communicate by a series of semiochemicals and pheromones .
Workers communicate with one or more users in a single text box in real time.
Workers commute to the city daily.
Workers comp also involves payments to healthcare providers.
Workers comp and unemployment insurance.
Workers comp applies to injuries at home caused by work, e.g. carpal tunnel syndrome.
Workers comp checks are being sent to the parents residence.
Workers comp court decisions.
Workers comp coverage applies to where the employee is working whether in the office or at home.
Workers comp doesn t come close to compensating for such disabilities.
Workers comp fraud comes in all forms.
Workers comp fraud.
Workers comp is a labor intensive cover.
Workers comp is mandatory in most states.
Workers compensation in the U.S. spends a large portion of their costs settling litigation.
Workers complain that many faint during shift from exhaustion, heat, fumes and poor nutrition.
Workers complain that there are no working water fountains.
Workers complete cell doors at the new Central California women's prison.
Workers complete the vulnerability index by asking about medical problems.
Workers comprise an increasingly rainbow coalition.
Workers comprise the bulk of the population.
Workers constantly have to sell and upgrade their skills.
Workers constantly taste each product to ensure it is being properly made.
Workers construct block walls for the school.
Workers construct the unique Bermudian roof.
Workers contest the necessity of the recent price rise of vehicles.
Workers continue cultivating, fertilizing, and spraying as needed.
Workers continue pouring and leveling the floors of the addition.
Workers continue spraying, staking, pruning, and tying.
Workers continue to be discriminated against because of sexual orientation.
Workers continue to be forced into horrendous working conditions.
Workers continue to carry out tasks defined by others.
Workers continue to clean acreage completely picked.
Workers continue to clean up acreage completely harvested.
Workers continue to clean up fields completely picked.
Workers continue to clear acreage completely picked.
Workers continue to cultivate and fertilize young plants.
Workers continue to disc acreage completely picked and plant cover crops.
Workers continue to drench plants with water to ensure good moisture supplies.
Workers continue to inject fertilizer and spray for control of insects and disease as needed.
Workers continue to irrigate as needed.
Workers continue to lay plastic.
Workers continue to leave the fields.
Workers continue to mow acreage completely picked.
Workers continue to plant and cultivate.
Workers continue to pour water on it.
Workers continue to prepare land for winter crop planting.
Workers continue to recruit union supporters as election day approaches.
Workers continue to remove damaged pieces in an effort to expose the central core.
Workers continue to remove plants completely harvested.
Workers continue to remove stakes and strings and mow down plants completely harvested.
Workers continue to remove stakes and strings from fields completely picked and mow plants.
Workers continue to remove strings and stakes from acreage completely harvested.
Workers continue to sort and send mail, but the telephones remain quiet.
Workers continue to stake and tie as needed.
Workers continues demand to be for reinstatement.
Workers continuously go through the fields as more young leaves appear on the plants.
Workers contribute to society's projects, pay income tax and participate in societal programs.
Workers contribute to the town centre economy.
Workers control operates in production.
Workers control the rate of cooling by controlling the flowrate of water with a two position switch.
Workers correct quality problems on their OWN time.
Workers couldn t depend on a regular income.
Workers couldn t trust the unions.
Workers covered by union agreements are nearly twice as likely to have a pension.
Workers create all value.
Workers create decorative finish.
Workers create finish.
Workers create realistic looking sections of the Natural Habitat area.
Workers create value and therefor are the most important.
Workers customarily provide their own hand tools and work clothing.
Workers deal with real-world challenges . . .
Workers decide how to divide the profit-sharing bonus money.
Workers decorate the maritime workplace and produce useful and decorative objects for personal use.
Workers defeat individual contracts.
Workers definitely know where they are in the hierarchy.
Workers deliver the welded cabana frame to the project site.
Workers demand better working conditions and higher pay.
Workers demand flexible work .
Workers demand greater say.
Workers demand higher wages and lower rents, the company refuses to negotiate.
Workers demand labor rights, frequently taking their case to mediation.
Workers demanding higher pay, shorter working hours and better conditions sometimes join in.
Workers demonstrate wool processing, spinning, weaving, knitting, and dyeing.
Workers deserve a living wage and respect for their rights.
Workers deserve better for their time.
Workers deserve better.
Workers deserve rewards for good work and respect from their employer.
Workers deserve the best deal for their dollar.
Workers deserve the best possible deal for their dollar.
Workers deserve the opportunity to make their own retirement choices.
Workers deserve the right to refuse to do work which threatens their lives without fear of job loss.
Workers deserve the security of owning their retirement savings.
Workers design the safety processes and enforce rules.
Workers develop skills.
Workers dial in from home and pay bills at work.
Workers didn t rely on the wily connivings of backroom negotiators.
Workers die in construction accidents.
Workers dig a new sewer canal in the narrow pathways.
Workers dig and place steel for the foundation of the second building.
Workers dig inexorably with pick-axes through mounds of dirt to uncover ancient artifacts.
Workers dig out the entire sunken area to a depth of about two feet.
Workers dig postholes at the designated spots, digging to a depth of two feet to ensure stability.
Workers diligently labor across campus to replace damaged roofs.
Workers discard uneaten food and other such wastes away from the nest.
Workers dislike formal job definition, structure, and hierarchy.
Workers dislike it when they or others are subjected to racial discrimination or sexual harassment.
Workers dispensing flammable liquids use proper grounding and bonding procedures.
Workers distrust their bosses because of the boss's behavior.
Workers do all the brood care and feeding.
Workers do as they are told.
Workers do construction work, soldiers defend the colony, and pioneers go and harvest food.
Workers do control the principal means of production.
Workers do different tasks.
Workers do everything that needs to be done in the hive.
Workers do jobs.
Workers do just as their name implies, they work.
Workers do labor.
Workers do many different tasks.
Workers do much of the work by hand though some power tools are available.
Workers do remove toxic materials such as paint, tires and asbestos.
Workers do tasks.
Workers Do Their Jobs Changing the way that jobs are performed can reduce injuries.
Workers do what they are directed to do.
Workers don t think about job performance until they are skipped over for a promotion.
Workers don t understand system rights and duties.
Workers dress in period styles.
Workers drill holes, three inches in diameter, every eight feet.
Workers dripping sweat, carry the sacks of dried opium into dark, humid hangars.
Workers drive a pick-up truck through a neighborhood in which older people live.
Workers drop sticks to prepare for spiking.
Workers dry the area and remove particles, then apply a soft rubber sealant.
Workers dump bags of crushed rock from Illinois on the infield and the warning track of the field.
Workers earn credits, up to four credits a year, that go towards their eligibility.
Workers earn it.
Workers earn the right to form unions and the right to strike.
Workers earning the minimum wage are at the economic bottom.
Workers ease a seat support into position.
Workers eat cream.
Workers eat food.
Workers eat ice cream.
Workers eat proteins.
Workers eat rich food.
Workers eat sugar.
Workers eat what they make beneath the sickled sky, a television State.
Workers embody national consciousness and strength.
Workers emit a disagreeable, rotten, coconut-like odor.
Workers emit a faint musty odor when crushed.
Workers emit a stale greasy or musty odor when crushed.
Workers employ in operations.
Workers employ techniques.
Workers employed by heavy construction contractors work on highways, bridges, and tunnels.
Workers employed in the manufacture of mustard gas are at an increased risk to develop cancer.
Workers empty the containers, positioning each package so scanners can read the bar code.
Workers engage in duties.
Workers engage in production.
Workers enhance their perceived self-dignity when they experience a job well done.
Workers enjoy fast, secure access and safe working conditions.
Workers enjoy satisfaction.
Workers enjoy some of the highest wages in the nation .
Workers enjoy strong rights to remove themselves from situations which endanger their health.
Workers enjoy unemployment insurance, disability pay, workers' compensation, and social security.
Workers enjoy unemployment insurance, disability pay, worker's compensation, and social security.
Workers enjoy vastly improved circumstances and have great hope for their children.
Workers enter a yew grove and select yew trees which are suitable for collection.
Workers enter areas.
Workers enter employment.
Workers enter fields.
Workers enter homes.
Workers enter occupations.
Workers enter the forest and select trees which are suitable for felling and sawing.
Workers enter the printing and publishing industry with various educational backgrounds.
Workers enter the space to change out filters or take readings.
Workers evaluate the performance of their bosses.
Workers evaluate their current performance, then describe what they'd like to be doing.
Workers evaluate, hire and fire their fellow workers.
Workers even get subsidized child care and subsidized lunches.
Workers even lace and box the shoes.
Workers everywhere feel the pressure on wages, working conditions and job security.
Workers everywhere feel the pressure on wages, working conditions, and job security.
Workers examine ballots in New Delhi.
Workers examine growth.
Workers exchange information and referrals to assist callers.
Workers exercise their right to join unions, bargain collectively, and hold strikes.
Workers exhibit a wider range of behaviors than either queens or drones.
Workers exhibit burns on their hands, chests arms and clothing.
Workers exhibit similarity.
Workers exhume grave site in Kampala.
Workers expand and maintain the tunnels and find communal food and nesting material.
Workers expect cold water with ice, and clean toilets near their work area.
Workers expect companies to help with life's necessities.
Workers expect to have all the bricks in place soon.
Workers expect to take another week to put on the trim and add other finishing touches.
Workers experience increased employer surveillance of their work, email, and telephone calls.
Workers experience normal reaction.
Workers experience normal stress reaction.
Workers experience reaction.
Workers experience stress reaction.
Workers experience unemployment.
Workers experience with the workers compensation system.
Workers expose to benzene.
Workers extract the product, but add little value to it.
Workers face events.
Workers face fascist terror everywhere.
Workers face increasing difficulties exercising their right to organize.
Workers face issues.
Workers face massive job losses if the company is privatized.
Workers face risks just climbing down into the septics, or manholes for the sewage system.
Workers face up to six months of anguish and anxiety until they know their sero-conversion status.
Workers face upward when dead, and sideways when sleeping.
Workers fear losing their jobs.
Workers fear the competition for their jobs, and are defensive about the quality of their work.
Workers fear they have been breathing in asbestos fibers all along.
Workers feed and groom each other, as well as larvae, drones, and the queen.
Workers feed it to certain larvae that have been chosen to be queens.
Workers feed on insects, seek honeydew and plant secretions, and even feed on seeds.
Workers feed on live and dead insects, seeds, honeydew, fruits, and many household foods.
Workers feed on the soft grain of the wood, possibly resulting in structural damage.
Workers feed only scrap to the furnace.
Workers feel fairly paid.
Workers feel more valued because they are getting what they are entitled to - more pay.
Workers feel now, though, that management is approaching the matter more ruthlessly.
Workers feel out of the loop, overlooked for promotion and marginal at best.
Workers feel peer pressure to conform to the group.
Workers feel shafted by big corporations.
Workers feel the pinch.
Workers feel they are given the opportunity to do what they do best every day.
Workers feel they are given the opportunity to do what they do best.
Workers feel they can plan better than designers.
Workers feel they have a stake in the outcome and are less resistant to change.
Workers feel threatened by low-wage competition and new technology.
Workers fight for justice on one side and corporate interests are on the other side.
Workers fight for sanitation, clean drinking water and proper, timely payment.
Workers fight technology to save their jobs.
Workers fighting for their jobs and livelihoods have to challenge the property laws of capitalism.
Workers fill a hole where a pipe has been installed.
Workers find activities.
Workers find it increasingly difficult to cope with stress and burnout.
Workers find nest sites.
Workers find sites.
Workers find sources.
Workers find that it is more convenient to use their private vehicle in the performance of duties.
Workers find that they can earn higher pay and can work when they want to.
Workers find themselves becoming more secretive, and less openly communicative.
Workers find themselves confronting a bleak future with no credible alternatives on offer.
Workers find water.
Workers find whale in diatomaceous earth quarry.
Workers finish builing forms for concrete foundation and lower walls.
Workers First offers no way forward for working people.
Workers first remove all loose debris on a level.
Workers fit nicely into a normal depth cell.
Workers fix in place prestressed concrete girder on the northern side of the new bridge.
Workers flow through a mosaic of organizational cultures in their daily lives.
Workers fly between the new and the old nest tending for both.
Workers fly out of Anchorage or Fairbanks to get there.
Workers follow detailed regulations, often causing frustrating delays.
Workers follow experience.
Workers follow precaution.
Workers follow procedures.
Workers follow space entry procedures.
Workers follow special safety precautions, rules and regulations when blasting occurs in a quarry.
Workers follow specific instructions and techniques when removing asbestos.
Workers follow up with curfew checks and on-call services.
Workers forage actively on trees, herbaceous plants, and below-ground.
Workers forage arboreally or on the ground.
Workers forage for food and chew it.
Workers forage for food and gather nectar from different flowering plants.
Workers forage for food and tend the queen.
Workers forage for food on the surface and bring it back to be processed.
Workers forage for the whole colony, dropping off mouthfuls of food in special larder tunnels.
Workers forage in dense columns.
Workers forage in trails and are frequently seen along sidewalks and foundation walls.
Workers forage indoors and outdoors.
Workers forage to feed their siblings.
Workers form teams in each work area and compete with other teams to produce the most for the boss.
Workers gain experience.
Workers gain independence, self-esteem, and a paycheck.
Workers gain more autonomy over how and where they work.
Workers gain skills.
Workers gain use of the two personal holidays on a call-out basis.
Workers gather around to drill a hole down to bedrock for the first foundation pier.
Workers gather berries using a boom.
Workers gather nectar, make and store honey, and protect the hive.
Workers gender the workplace by creating a gendered workplace culture.
Workers generally accede.
Workers generally enjoy themselves.
Workers generally force open ducks' bills and shove a long, metal pipe down their throats.
Workers generally have a high average of educational level.
Workers generally have little job security.
Workers generally specialize in plumbing or pipe fitting.
Workers generally specialize in plumbing or pipefitting.
Workers get bored when they stop learning.
Workers get confused, start questioning the union, support is derailed and unity dissolves.
Workers get experience.
Workers get five consecutive days off at the end of each three- week rotation.
Workers get food.
Workers get higher retirement incomes and the Australian economy benefits from increased savings.
Workers get lazier.
Workers get little more than the minimum wage.
Workers get more only when they win it.
Workers get no sick pay and their bathroom visits are restricted and monitored.
Workers get one dollar a day for cutting romantic gems.
Workers get pay cuts and layoffs.
Workers get proper protection.
Workers get protection.
Workers get pushy, trying to meet the needs of their tables as quickly as possible.
Workers get sick on the line very often.
Workers get their best training from self-advocates.
Workers get to know the residents, and vice versa.
Workers get work experience.
Workers getting subsistence wages are too poor to save any amount from their income.
Workers give off pheromones signaling when the hive is under attack and when to gather together.
Workers give themselves similar ratings.
Workers Giving seasonal gifts to clients and co-workers can be a great idea.
Workers glue hand-painted canvas panels to the main arch.
Workers go back proud to have won the minimum wage as their basic hourly rate.
Workers go for months without pay.
Workers go for months, even years, without having their wages paid.
Workers go into homes to provide occupational therapy, home care and referrals.
Workers go into struggle with their own version of a programme.
Workers go through the vineyard and remove the green clusters that lag behind.
Workers go unpaid for months.
Workers go without pay for months.
Workers grab the queens' legs while others attack the body.
Workers grow slowly, step by step without any changes in wing pads.
Workers gut, clean, and sort fish.
Workers handle insulation materials made of fiberglass, rubber, calcium silicate and urethane.
Workers handle toxic glues and other solvents without gloves.
Workers handle toxic glues without gloves.
Workers handling it wear no more protection than a hard hat.
Workers harvest the clusters of dates by hand.
Workers haul stones and clay up the steep staircase.
Workers haul the waste away in trucks.
Workers have (part) arms.
Workers have (part) body substances.
Workers have (part) cell membranes.
Workers have (part) cells.
Workers have (part) corpi.
Workers have (part) cytoplasm.
Workers have (part) heads.
Workers have (part) human bodies.
Workers have (part) legs.
Workers have (part) material bodies.
Workers have (part) necks.
Workers have (part) nuclei.
Workers have (part) personality.
Workers have (part) plasma membranes.
Workers have (part) sections.
Workers have (part) vacuoles.
Workers have a broader agenda.
Workers have a chance to advance to higher paid jobs as their skills increase.
Workers have a minimum entitlement to daily and weekly rest periods.
Workers have a mostly sugar based diet, while larvae and queens feed mostly on protein.
Workers have a right to a private examination by their doctors.
Workers have a right to know.
Workers have a right to private surfing.
Workers have a right to see the monitoring results.
Workers have a right to see the results of their exams.
Workers have ability.
Workers have absolute authority in all matters.
Workers have access to jobs regardless of proximity to population centers.
Workers have access to jobs without regard to physical proximity to major metropolitan areas.
Workers have basic rights - to decent work, to just wages, to form and join unions, among others.
Workers have basic rights to decent work, to just wages, to form and join unions, among others.
Workers have been fired illegally, the fliers say.
Workers have calendars saying what their schedule is.
Workers have choices, but so do companies.
Workers have considerable experience.
Workers have considerable relate experience.
Workers have considerable relate work experience.
Workers have desire.
Workers have dollars.
Workers have duties.
Workers have energy.
Workers have equal risk of back injuries.
Workers have even more reason to rebel now than they did then.
Workers have every right to join a union.
Workers have experience.
Workers have exposure.
Workers have fears of losing their jobs.
Workers have First Amendment rights to inform the public of labor disputes.
Workers have food.
Workers have frequent access into forest areas, often throughout the year.
Workers have full knowledge of codes and are involved in decision making.
Workers have glands.
Workers have good leadership, speaking abilities, and self-motivation.
Workers have highest percentage of post-secondary education of any manufacturing sector.
Workers have important reasons for retaining their skilled trades identification.
Workers have in fact become an endangered species.
Workers have jobs.
Workers have knowledge.
Workers have large heads and a small thorax.
Workers have large mandibles.
Workers have less down time to spend with their families or on exercise, hobbies or entertainment.
Workers have less surplus to set by, so savings rates are lower.
Workers have life.
Workers have little control over substances to which they are exposed.
Workers have little input in way jobs are arranged.
Workers have minds of their own.
Workers have minimal exposure to epoxies.
Workers have minimal exposure to mineral spirits and paint strippers.
Workers have more choices today.
Workers have more experience in factory employment.
Workers have more important things to do than to wait on someone or some bit of information.
Workers have much in common.
Workers have no breaks during the work day beyond a thirty minute lunch period.
Workers have no control over their workplaces.
Workers have no established ways to channel their complaints.
Workers have no exposure to fiberglass.
Workers have no exposure to organic vapors.
Workers have no fixed working hours or lunch and tea breaks.
Workers have no interest in defending the profits of the bosses.
Workers have no offspring, and their fitness is an increasing function of chosen mortality.
Workers have no property rights to their contributions.
Workers have no right to form a union, and independent labor activity is ruthlessly suppressed.
Workers have no wings and also have several evolution stages.
Workers have occasional exposure to dust, particulates, fiberglass.
Workers have one economy.
Workers have options.
Workers have plenty of grievances, but they risk getting fired if they complain.
Workers have plenty to strike about.
Workers have power.
Workers have pulses.
Workers have reengineered paper-driven processes to capture the benefits of electronic business.
Workers have reflexive responses to accidents too.
Workers have relate experience.
Workers have safer and better equipment.
Workers have small eyes, reduced to a single facet.
Workers have small hairs on the body while queen lacks hairs.
Workers have some exposure to particulates, dust, fiberglass.
Workers have some possessions.
Workers have the advantage of numbers, voting power, and a belief in their cause.
Workers have the grim task of carrying bodies from the scene on ferries.
Workers have the legal right to join together and work as a team in order to help each other.
Workers have the legal right to work together as a team in order to help each other.
Workers have the option of picking up the cost of adding their families.
Workers have the option of using the days in any way they see fit.
Workers have the power to break the system of racism and exploitation.
Workers have the right to a safe and healthy work environment.
Workers have the right to a safe working environment, for which they are partially responsible.
Workers have the right to associate freely and to bargain collectively.
Workers have the right to associate freely and to strike, a right respected in practice.
Workers have the right to associate freely and to strike.
Workers have the right to bargain collectively and to strike.
Workers have the right to be informed and to be consulted within the undertaking.
Workers have the right to end their strike at any time.
Workers have the right to establish trade unions and to strike.
Workers have the right to establish trade unions, strike, and engage in collective bargaining.
Workers have the right to form trade unions, strike, and engage in collective bargaining.
Workers have the right to form unions and strike.
Workers have the right to grieve company decisions to fill job openings.
Workers have the right to join a union.
Workers have the right to join together to promote better working conditions.
Workers have the right to join unions.
Workers have the right to observe noise surveys and be informed of the results.
Workers have the right to organize and bargain collectively.
Workers have the right to organize and to bargain collectively.
Workers have the right to organize freely, to strike, and to bargain collectively.
Workers have the right to organize.
Workers have the right to remove themselves from situations that endanger their health.
Workers have the right to remove themselves from situations which endanger their health.
Workers have the right to strike except in certain essential services.
Workers have the right to strike if a dispute arises during the collective bargaining process.
Workers have the right to strike, but work stoppages are generally rare and are settled quickly.
Workers have the right to strike.
Workers have the rights to freedom of speech and assembly.
Workers have the same body proportions from the tiniest to the largest.
Workers have their hands full.
Workers have their pay information stored in a file.
Workers have three fundamental rights in health and safety.
Workers have to ask their permission to go to the bathroom when the machine is in motion.
Workers have to be more adaptable in today's workplace, more confident, more resilient.
Workers have to be ready.
Workers have to become more generalized as well as specialized.
Workers have to check back their costumes after each shift.
Workers have to even ask for permission to use the toilet.
Workers have to have a shared understanding of their work to do it effectively.
Workers have to know that they are safe.
Workers have to labor under very dangerous conditions.
Workers have to literally trick some groups into coming in to talk about the problem.
Workers have to live in pain once they have occupational diseases.
Workers have to live with the opportunities at hand.
Workers have to make money and follow laws.
Workers have to put up barrier walls, stripe it and add some asphalting.
Workers have to recognize and get behind something of established identity.
Workers have to recognize and get something of established identity.
Workers have to recognize that they have no friends in either big business party.
Workers have to strengthen their unions.
Workers have to take care of themselves, too.
Workers have to take the layers apart and clean up the debris before riveting.
Workers have to understand the hazards in the work area and make safety part of their routine.
Workers have to want to change.
Workers have two more sites to excavate before the project is completed.
Workers have two sets of chromosomes.
Workers have unlimited access to the corporate records, and are taught to read financial reports.
Workers have valuable knowledge and insight into their work.
Workers have wax glands.
Workers have ways.
Workers have work experience.
Workers have yellowish mandibles and their legs are a lighter shade of brown than their body.
Workers having little organizational power are likely to engage in acts of resistance.
Workers hear the vibrations of the waggle dances made by returning foragers.
Workers help citizens.
Workers help clients in several areas, including money management.
Workers help effects.
Workers help life.
Workers help senior citizens.
Workers here have almost no control over decisions affecting their lives.
Workers here have less power than any other part of the world.
Workers hold most of the power.
Workers hook up a drain system behind home plate.
Workers hope the dam project is safer than earlier efforts to remove the borer.
Workers hope to divert the heavy runoff before substantial damage occurs.
Workers hope to start repairing the building's brick exterior and first-floor interior soon.
Workers identify and eliminate environmental factors in the home that trigger asthma attacks.
Workers identify and eliminate environmental triggers found in the home.
Workers identify complex computer problems.
Workers identify complex problems.
Workers identify problems.
Workers improve productivity.
Workers include people.
Workers increase productivity.
Workers increasingly feel like free agents, having to chart their own career paths.
Workers increasingly have to perform repetitive limited movements.
Workers index each bearing as it is replaced so that the load centers are rotated.
Workers inform adoptive families of the program.
Workers injured on the job seem to live in a different state.
Workers insist on receiving the fifth week of vacation immediately.
Workers inspect and sterilize the jars.
Workers inspect respirators for damage prior to each use.
Workers install a roof-integrated solar hot water panel.
Workers install electrical monitoring devices outside and inside.
Workers install floor tiles in one of the two cafeterias .
Workers install new roof.
Workers install sign on mounting base.
Workers install the aluminum planks to make a ramp up the backside of the bleachers.
Workers install the generator and twin turbines inside the powerhouse.
Workers intend or articulate such changes and act upon that intention.
Workers invest in education when young, which raises their productivity once employed.
Workers invest their lives.
Workers involve in industries.
Workers involved in material handling are often most at risk.
Workers involved in retrieving small pieces of laundry are at risk for repetitive motion injuries.
Workers involved in sewage treatment facilities are also potentially at risk.
Workers join trade unions in order to get results.
Workers join unions, and strong unions are strong because of participation from the workers.
Workers joining together to seek solutions seems to be a taboo subject as well.
Workers keep a close eye on the ambient temperature and humidity, as well as rainfall.
Workers keep in touch.
Workers keep their jobs and small businesses avoid bankruptcy.
Workers keep track of their points in online logbooks.
Workers killing other workers attracts media attention.
Workers know about inadequate health benefits that threaten the well-being of their families.
Workers know effort.
Workers know extra effort.
Workers know how to get help in an emergency.
Workers know that discrimination and favoritism rob people of opportunities for advancement.
Workers know that hazards on the job maim and destroy thousands every year.
Workers know that if they stop that line, they are putting their jobs at risk.
Workers know that their aid is only temporary until they are matched with a new job.
Workers know that their success stems only from their employer's success.
Workers know that.
Workers know the bioassay requirements and complete the bioassay column on inventory forms.
Workers know the difference between facts and corporate doublespeak.
Workers know the most about how work is done and can contribute a great deal.
Workers know they are valued.
Workers know what's been said.
Workers labor from sunrise to sunset.
Workers labor on, around, and sometimes in front of the advancing vehicle.
Workers labor three shifts a day to restore telephone, electrical, and water services.
Workers labor under guard, women struggle in a sweatshop.
Workers lack even the most basic safety facilities, such as air filters or air conditioners.
Workers lack job security.
Workers lack motivation and commitment.
Workers lack necessary skills.
Workers lack the means to protect their rights and interests.
Workers learn about pesticide safety, water conservation and integrated pest management.
Workers learn after a while that the company time is very precious time.
Workers learn how the disease is spread and what the law says regarding employee rights.
Workers learn how to safely handle toxics in order to prevent injuries and serious accidents.
Workers learn occupations.
Workers learn punctuality and the importance of coming to work on time.
Workers learn skills.
Workers learn that accidents have devistating consequences to health, family, and income.
Workers learn the value of solidarity.
Workers learn to operate modern tools and power equipment.
Workers learn which symptoms to describe initially itself.
Workers leave descendants.
Workers leave forces.
Workers leave in frustration.
Workers leave jobs.
Workers leave labor forces.
Workers leave labor markets.
Workers leave markets.
Workers leave professions.
Workers leave the area.
Workers leaves the area for better job opportunities elsewhere.
Workers let some air out of car tires to ease travel on the sandy roads.
Workers likely live a few months.
Workers line up on South Street waiting to leave for work sites.
Workers live as long as seven years.
Workers live communally.
Workers live for approximately one to two years.
Workers live in a fear of losing their job.
Workers live in housing provided by the growers.
Workers live in mud huts with grass thatched roofs prone to leakage.
Workers live in shacks without basic amenities.
Workers live in small villages and settlements along the central and lower Atlantic coast.
Workers live in tents and work out on the land.
Workers live in the bow.
Workers live in the narrow streets and alleys behind.
Workers live in the pressure tense.
Workers live their daily lives there, but they live as squatters.
Workers live within the grounds of the factory, with severe limitations on their freedoms.
Workers load sacks of flour for shipment to local distributors.
Workers load the ship and people go on board.
Workers load the stripped stalks into small trucks to be used for mulch.
Workers locate food and water and return it to the colony and feed solids to larvae.
Workers look for food.
Workers look over the crash site before relocating the wreckage to a hangar.
Workers lose arms, legs, fingers, their lives.
Workers lose because their pay and conditions are often pitiful and their surroundings unsafe.
Workers lose fingers.
Workers lose interest whenever they feel stymied in their careers.
Workers lose jobs.
Workers lose rights.
Workers lose their jobs, and firm owners lose wealth.
Workers lose wages, insurance coverage and benefits, and workplace rights.
Workers lose wages, the business loses revenue, and the public loses most of all.
Workers lose weight.
Workers lounge around, talking, sitting under trees, watching television, sleeping, and drinking.
Workers love it.
Workers love the accessibility and companies love the cost effectiveness.
Workers lower SAM down a manhole and into the sewer where it is remotely controlled by a technician.
Workers lower SAM down a manhole, where it is remotely controlled.
Workers maintain an on-going network with community organizations to reform the garment industry.
Workers maintain temperature.
Workers maintain the colony, construct or repair the nest, and forage for food for the colony.
Workers maintain the specimens, records, and art within the museum and conduct research.
Workers make a full time job out of hiding from the boss.
Workers make America function.
Workers make attempts.
Workers make contributions.
Workers make decisions.
Workers make mistakes, communicate poorly or are easily distracted.
Workers make quotas at the expense of quality.
Workers make real decisions.
Workers make their living wholly or mainly by selling their labour power.
Workers make things.
Workers man four production lines in three, eight-hour shifts during the week.
Workers manage everything from process-improvement and work schedules to overtime budgets.
Workers march to protest privatization and demand higher salaries.
Workers measure the amount of soap or cleaning fluid to add to the machines.
Workers meet every few months to decide whether to adjust the schedules by season.
Workers meet requirements.
Workers microfilm vital texts for their transport to the new planet.
Workers migrate to where wages are higher and where they receive respect.
Workers misunderstand instructions and make mistakes.
Workers monitor the control room at the Chernobyl plant, site of the world s worst nuclear accident.
Workers monitor the process for safety throughout.
Workers move along as quickly as they can or wish to.
Workers move from project to project, often following work interstate.
Workers move parts either manually or by hoist and crane.
Workers move quickly and forage in trails.
Workers move red and blue boxes back and forth from two stacks.
Workers move the eggs to incubation chambers.
Workers move the long metal pipes onto the stage.
Workers move the vapor containment structure to the second disposal pit.
Workers move to locations.
Workers must have experience.
Workers must have power plant experience.
Workers need calories.
Workers need sunlight.
Workers normally begin working at daybreak and continue until late evening.
Workers normally know best the safety and security risks.
Workers now ask questions in a different way and assume a different universe of potential solutions.
Workers now can help family members on the outside with rent, food and other necessities.
Workers now can talk about what they worked around.
Workers now come from many different ethnic, lifestyle, and age groups.
Workers now drain as much ink as they can from the press's bins and reservoirs.
Workers now enjoy the protection of the unfair dismissal legislation after only one year's service.
Workers now expect their employer to address their learning needs.
Workers now have input into what research is done and the evaluation of that research .
Workers now have three options - redundancy, redeployment or relocation.
Workers now have to be more multi-skilled and aware of technological change.
Workers now have to organize to become stronger and more effective.
Workers now have two bosses, one of whom is paid to provide a service to the other.
Workers now pay more than enough taxes to pay current recipients' benefits, creating a surplus.
Workers now run more strands and operate three, rather than two, drawing machines in the mid mill.
Workers now run the plant on weekends, at night, and in the morning.
Workers nowadays are likely to change jobs seven or eight times during their lives.
Workers obey orders that come from above without their input, or they resist.
Workers obtain right to representation on boards and corporate assemblies.
Workers offer support services to help families with problems before they become too severe.
Workers only benefit if their job is actually high-paying.
Workers only get the minimum wage through working for bonuses and overtime.
Workers only pick ripe red berries, ensuring the highest quality coffee.
Workers only stay at a job for an average of three years, and turnover is costly.
Workers organize stoppages in protest.
Workers overview of job preferences.
Workers own many shares of stock through pension funds.
Workers pack everything up and arrange for the movers, the utilities, the change of address.
Workers paid by commission report similar job satisfaction.
Workers paint the warning track.
Workers participate in individual and small-group activities to gain insight in critical areas.
Workers pass drug tests.
Workers pass tests.
Workers pass the sticks, bucket-brigade style, into the barn.
Workers pause for a group portrait.
Workers pause while a company photograph records their progress in building New York's first subway.
Workers pay in taxes, lost time, and extra rent.
Workers pay instead.
Workers pay taxes, nearly all of which are then turned over to beneficiaries.
Workers pay the price financially, too, in medical bills and lost income.
Workers pay the price in both countries while multinational corporations make big bucks.
Workers pay the price.
Workers pay through lower wages.
Workers perform at levels.
Workers perform colony maintenance.
Workers perform duties.
Workers perform essential duties.
Workers perform general labor.
Workers perform jobs.
Workers perform labor.
Workers perform maintenance.
Workers perform positive and negative pressure tests each time they put a respirator on.
Workers perform routine maintenance.
Workers perform such duties.
Workers perform tasks independently.
Workers perform tasks.
Workers perform user seal checks prior to each use of a tight-fitting respirator.
Workers pick rice in fields adjoining the Caspian oil rigs.
Workers pick under all conditions.
Workers pile up earth.
Workers place a high value on a workplace culture in which they feel recognized.
Workers place pallets of reline bricks in the feeding station.
Workers place plastic sheeting to contain the contaminated soil.
Workers place seating planks in the stands on the first base side of the new stadium.
Workers place the freshly mixed, wet concrete into forms made of wood, plywood, or steel.
Workers place the gangway that bridges the maritime museum to the battleship.
Workers plan on using a backhoe to break down remaining walls during the next week.
Workers plan to continue the stoppage until the company meets the demands.
Workers plan to continue the strike until then.
Workers plan to drag cars from the river today.
Workers play a critical role in occupational safety and health.
Workers play a significant role in wealth creation.
Workers police the egg-laying females by engaging in oophagy or directed acts of aggression.
Workers possess a keen awareness of hazards to which they are exposed.
Workers possess a set of skills, interests, ambitions, and income needs.
Workers pour cement into the temporary wood frame to reinforce the walls.
Workers pour concrete for new basement section.
Workers pour concrete for the cooling tower basin.
Workers practice what they learn without risk.
Workers prefer growers over FLCs.
Workers prepare concrete forms and reinforcing steel for the target bay ceiling and roof.
Workers prepare the floors for concrete and cover, and seed the grounds.
Workers prepare the river bank for the new road.
Workers prepare the turbine generator for lifting to the top of the tower.
Workers prepare to hang the exterior siding on the north end of the building.
Workers prepare to hoist a skip from the floor of the new extension to Cairo's subway.
Workers prepare to remove the car wreck.
Workers prepare to start the mezzanine.
Workers prepare to take the wraps off part of the new Lords of the Arctic exhibit.
Workers prey on insects and feed on honeydew produced by sucking types of insects such as aphids.
Workers process wood bits to create a light, strong paper-mache nest below ground.
Workers produce all the wealth in society.
Workers produce and deliver bread to private homes as well as to businesses.
Workers produce fabric, clothing, food, paper, metal, and chemical and wood products.
Workers produce goods and services that satisfy people's wants.
Workers protect themselves and their families.
Workers protest .
Workers protest illegal firings with a one-day wqrk stoppage.
Workers provide education.
Workers provide surveillance as well as escort students to and from their residences upon request.
Workers provide the detailed knowledge achieved only by doing the job.
Workers provide therapy services and vocational training along with evangelistic outreach.
Workers pump their way down the line to their job.
Workers punch a time clock, follow a work schedule and adhere to program rules.
Workers qualify for annual vacation after six months on the job.
Workers quickly become victims.
Workers raise families.
Workers raise the lighting system for the new ballpark.
Workers rave about the cook's beef stew, which overflows with carrots, potatoes and celery.
Workers reach into a foot high trough of garbage, plucking out loose cans and bottles.
Workers realize that they can escape reprisals by taking their own shipyards and factories hostage.
Workers really appreciate the opportunity to attend to some of their own issues.
Workers reattach the hydraulic hoses.
Workers receive a free admission ticket and free parking at the motorcycle parking lot.
Workers receive additional instruction when new equipment or procedures are introduced.
Workers receive additional instruction, when new equipment or procedures are introduced.
Workers receive benefits.
Workers receive disability benefits.
Workers receive fund histories, prospectuses, statements.
Workers receive help finding good jobs and training opportunities.
Workers receive hepatitis b vaccines.
Workers receive little education about their rights or basic health and safety.
Workers receive no compensation when they are injured and have to miss work.
Workers receive no overtime premium.
Workers receive one day off per month.
Workers receive permanent disability benefits.
Workers receive positive feedback directly from customers and work supervisors.
Workers receive room, board, and a modest stipend.
Workers receive their pay directly, with payment stringently documented.
Workers receive two regular days off a month.
Workers receive vaccines.
Workers receive wages and salaries for their labor.
Workers recognize development.
Workers record results.
Workers register the drivers on arrival at the track.
Workers register themselves, which includes listing their interests and skills.
Workers regularly face harassment.
Workers regularly have to undo the pull of gravity and straighten out stones that have slid askew.
Workers regurgitate food for nourishment of the developing larvae and queen.
Workers regurgitate food to nourish the developing larvae.
Workers relax during the post-lunch nap common in Asian shoe factories.
Workers rely on knowledge.
Workers rely on supervisors for direction.
Workers remain cooped up in steamy offices.
Workers remain in and around the building, attending to smaller tasks.
Workers remain the most productive by far as well as the best paid.
Workers remove antiquated concrete block pools to make way for more natural surroundings.
Workers remove loose plaster from walls .
Workers remove much of the farm's solid waste and send it to a company that turns it into compost.
Workers remove obvious contaminants from loads on the tipping floor.
Workers remove the stone and install shoring towers as support, making room for the main beams.
Workers repair the gas main.
Workers report an improvement in the behaviour of the supervisors.
Workers report being treated disrespectfully.
Workers report feeling lethargic, empty, and no longer able to take satisfaction in their jobs.
Workers report life.
Workers report loss of fingers and hands, damage to vision and lead poisoning.
Workers report prolong life.
Workers report skin and respiratory problems because of worker unprotectedly with heavy chemicals.
Workers report that a lawyer hired by the company was present at all the meetings.
Workers report that forced overtime is common.
Workers report that it's a great opportunity to get acquainted with fellow parishioners.
Workers report that shipments have been recalled because of bacterial contamination.
Workers report the strike line remains strong.
Workers represent most of the termites in a colony.
Workers request a portion of their pay in salt.
Workers require extensive knowledge of financial services, products, and regulations.
Workers require no special protective clothing.
Workers require skills.
Workers respond by restricting output and keeping good new ideas to themselves.
Workers respond quickly, placing a front-loader shovel over the geyser to provide a temporary cap.
Workers resurface bridge with environmentally friendly spray system.
Workers retain membership in their own trade unions.
Workers retain their benefits and seniority status on a prorated basis.
Workers retrieve task tuples and perform tasks.
Workers returning to work in Israel face further obstacles.
Workers reveal presence.
Workers review job site conditions daily and identify changing conditions.
Workers ring the bench, carefully polishing truck parts by hand.
Workers risk injury from saws and from tools and machines with moving mechanical parts.
Workers rivet distinctive aluminum sheets onto a frame one by one, the way a plane is made.
Workers rotate shifts every few weeks so that they share the less desirable shifts.
Workers rule dude.
Workers run computers and computers run the machines.
Workers run the world.
Workers rush toward some hint of emptiness, which they then start to fill.
Workers sand the floor in preparation for the final steps - painting and refinishing.
Workers say asbestos debris remained scattered about when the job was supposedly done.
Workers say changes they've seen over the years have been incredible.
Workers say it is usually the result of decrepit machines, minimal training and punishing hours.
Workers say some retirement packages provide less than one month's salary for each year worked.
Workers say that inadequate basic skills narrow their career choices and upward mobility.
Workers say that the provision directly undermines their status.
Workers say that when it rains, rainbow sheens run through the soil.
Workers say that's wrong.
Workers say the dust clung to their hair and skin and even contaminated the food they ate.
Workers say the government's proposal is woefully inadequate.
Workers say the tension is especially pronounced between engineers from India and mainland China.
Workers say their managers are frequently unreasonable, insulting and abusive.
Workers say their productivity goes up when they work from home.
Workers say there have been many near misses as well.
Workers say they are overworked, underpaid, mistreated or fired for no good reason.
Workers say they are prepared to strike until their demands are met.
Workers say they are subjected to physical searches and sometimes beaten by their supervisors.
Workers say they feel like the technology has taken over.
Workers say they have been receiving the same kind of support wherever they go.
Workers say they put in long hours.
Workers say they saw the cuts coming.
Workers say they'll have to start all over.
Workers scale bamboo scaffolding to construct even the tallest buildings in Asia.
Workers scan pallet labels and warehouse location labels to record stock movements.
Workers schedule time, budget funds, arrange space, or assign staff.
Workers score victory against government.
Workers scurry amid exposed electrical wires and unpainted trusses inside the imposing structure.
Workers scurry around in hard hats, through a pale cloud of construction dust filling the plaza.
Workers secure drums inside a transportation truck in accordance with specified engineering details.
Workers secure special needs documentation.
Workers see signs that foodservice is responding by improving jobs and benefits.
Workers see summaries.
Workers see the commitment of brand-new churches to begin other churches as a very good sign.
Workers seek anything consumable to be turned into food.
Workers seek balance in their lives.
Workers seek care.
Workers seek education.
Workers seek jobs in order to earn the income necessary to purchase goods and services.
Workers seem optimistic, as well.
Workers select and design ways they can enhance each other's functions through a team effort.
Workers sell their skills to employers in return for income.
Workers send in their money and the government sends the money back to retirees.
Workers separate the the aluminum from the oxygen.
Workers serve customers.
Workers serve different roles.
Workers serve roles.
Workers shape and manipulate materials that can be harmful to humans.
Workers share about a volunteer medical team that recently visited their area.
Workers share food with the other members of the colony.
Workers share in the responibilities, as well as in our financial success.
Workers share the rewards, stresses, basic skills and challenges of their jobs.
Workers shout over the diesel engines of bulldozers carrying loads of dirt.
Workers shovel the guano into a hopper attached to a pipe that leads to an air compressor above.
Workers show determination .
Workers show significant improvement in both alertness and cognitive performance during work hours.
Workers show solidarity .
Workers show striking changes in lifespan that correlate with changes in colony demography.
Workers show symptoms.
Workers show up at the office every day with nothing to do.
Workers shower in a water-disinfectant mixture on their way out of the laboratory.
Workers sign up with sponsors to be part of a team for the entire day.
Workers simply swap jobs occasionally during the work day to gain a variety of work demands.
Workers sleep in bunks.
Workers slide guide rails into the V-shaped guides on the steel mats.
Workers slide the cow onto the accompanying rubber mat.
Workers solve problems, trouble shoot, or create and use knowledge.
Workers soon realize that increased performance translates into lower rates per piece.
Workers speak English, but the labor pool is relatively small.
Workers speak of the change in morale and participation attendant on innovations.
Workers specialize in many ways.
Workers spend hours on intricate embroidery that has become a signature look.
Workers spend many hours on their feet, and kitchen staff often work in crowded, hot conditions.
Workers spend most of their waking lives at their jobs.
Workers spend much of their time on their feet.
Workers spend their lunch hours reading thick, lurid graphic novels.
Workers spend very little time preparing fossils in the field.
Workers spray a gel coat onto the molds.
Workers spray gunite onto the cave shell to form a final hard coating.
Workers spray the building to reduce dust.
Workers stand by the catalyst holder tube prior to lifting it into the penthouse.
Workers stand inside, ready with free balloons and T-shirts.
Workers stand to preserve existing gains, and improve their present wagesand conditions.
Workers start opening up the restaurant.
Workers start taking medications within a few hours of exposure.
Workers start to look at how long a commute they have.
Workers state that it is possible to apply too much pressure and strip the heads off the screws.
Workers stay away from offices, and children are being kept out of schools.
Workers stay for free.
Workers stay in abusive organizations by adapting to their companies' norms.
Workers stay in one place and do one job.
Workers stay underground during the day and forage at night.
Workers still face a hostile administration dedicated to rolling back hard-won rights.
Workers still have the right to choose the first physician they see.
Workers still have to complete the bottom lining, as well as pump installation and automation.
Workers still have to shower, cook for their families, and take care of their children.
Workers still lose their coverage when they change jobs.
Workers still make minimum wage or more.
Workers still sell their time and their brains and their physical labour.
Workers still shoot baskets in the plastic hoop at the back of the office.
Workers still wander about aimlessly, and there are unexplained production stoppages.
Workers stop carrying food into their camp and instead carry it and their larvae to new campsites.
Workers stream to and from the computer chip industries each day.
Workers strike against S. African contract labor system imposed by government.
Workers strip the bindings off textbooks and determine the different grades of paper within each.
Workers stumble around with no clear idea of what their duties are without the queens scent.
Workers suck on air tubes during breaks to revive themselves with filtered air.
Workers suffer .
Workers suffer also and point to scars, bruises and permanent back injuries.
Workers suffer from headaches, dizziness, repetitive strain disorders, throat problems, and rashes.
Workers suffer horrible deaths, including being crushed by heavy equipment or electrocuted.
Workers suffer loss of vision, burns, poisoning from toxic fumes and broken bones.
Workers suffer minor cuts, bruises, and burns from machines, tools, and chemicals.
Workers suffer too.
Workers suffering fewer injuries and illnesses produce more.
Workers suggest patterns.
Workers supply labor to firms in return for nonstorable goods.
Workers support each other to fulfill daily tasks and get home on time.
Workers support one another.
Workers support retirees.
Workers support unions Results of a new study.
Workers survive winter.
Workers suspect that officials have been bought off with bribes.
Workers swarm to waiting trams to travel to the south, west and north of the city.
Workers sweep fairways with homemade branch brooms in preparation for early morning golfers.
Workers take a nap on the assembly line.
Workers take actions.
Workers take care.
Workers take charge.
Workers take even more liberty expressing themselves on their lunch boxes.
Workers take hard hats for granted till they're hit on the head by a falling wrench.
Workers take home smaller pay packets.
Workers take interminable breaks, have difficulty concentrating and generally show low productivity.
Workers take jobs.
Workers take over duties.
Workers take over jobs.
Workers take over roles.
Workers take part in a behavioral simulation designed to help managers solve problems.
Workers take precaution.
Workers take pride and patriotism in their truly American made product.
Workers take same precaution.
Workers take the extra income and spend it.
Workers take time.
Workers take turns on what looks like a pair of exercise bikes.
Workers take turns working on all shifts that are part of a particular system.
Workers talk candidly about deafness and the loneliness that result from hearing loss.
Workers teach practical skills for successful family life, and provide counseling and other support.
Workers tear the roof off a house in View Ridge.
Workers tell interviewers how they spend their time online.
Workers tell their stories and explain the issues in the strike.
Workers tend the hive, care for the queen and larvae, and forage for food.
Workers tend to deliver higher doses of venom, which reduces the threat of other animals attacking.
Workers tend to fall into good or bad patterns very early in their employment.
Workers tend to have less interest in making labour history and more interest in victory.
Workers tend to keep their jobs, and the unions survive.
Workers tend to retire at much younger ages than previous generations.
Workers tend to think about their rights when they are very angry with their employees.
Workers testify, sometimes at considerable risk.
Workers then care for the queen and new eggs and larvae.
Workers then count the number of votes cast for each spelling and enter the totals on a worksheet.
Workers then go back down to the colony and feed the others.
Workers then inject fresh grout into the gaps, some quite substantial in size.
Workers then inoculate the compost with mushroom spores.
Workers then lower the pipe into the ground.
Workers then mold the wax and use it in making cells to form the hive.
Workers then monitor the machine.
Workers then move upwards through the excluder, leaving the drones behind.
Workers then remove the molded plaster and put it in place according to the plan.
Workers then remove the molded plaster and put it in place, according to the plan.
Workers then separate the seeds and fibers and pack the fibers into bales.
Workers then stamp out panels from the pasted layers.
Workers then tie the rebar together along the foundation.
Workers then use shovels, drills, hammers, and chisels to get the fossils out of the ground.
Workers then wrap the fermented tobacco in bales, usually surrounded by burlap, to age.
Workers there are at rock bottom in pay scales compared to other shipbuilders.
Workers there are educated sons and daughters of local farmers.
Workers there are responsible for far more than clean enclosures and proper diet.
Workers there come mostly from the nearby districts and provinces.
Workers there control the flow of packages going in to be sorted.
Workers there have no confidence in the grievance system, and some still fear reprisal from bosses.
Workers therefore have no way of intervening to save the business.
Workers think that most fines are unreasonable and ridiculous .
Workers thus translate their personal preferences into tailored pension plans.
Workers tie the lengths of rebar together in preparation for pouring the concrete floor.
Workers to buy goods.
Workers to complete tasks.
Workers to jobs.
Workers to obtain information.
Workers to perform anticipate job duties.
Workers to perform certain tasks.
Workers to perform duties.
Workers to perform job duties.
Workers to perform tasks.
Workers to return to workplaces.
Workers to support families.
Workers to wear gloves.
Workers toil for poverty wages.
Workers toil mainly for money.
Workers tour the city with their equipment describing deficiencies into a microphone.
Workers transfer basic features from the smaller model to the final horse.
Workers transfer the bulk bags from the trucks to the bulk bag unloaders.
Workers transform the other resources into material goods.
Workers transmit the organism to the queen through food exchange.
Workers transmit the pathogen to the queen through food exchange.
Workers travel between the satellite and parent colonies.
Workers travel from one state to another with the same company as business dictates.
Workers travel periodically to their nest to regain moisture and perform feeding duties.
Workers treat emotional issues.
Workers treat issues.
Workers trench in a water line to new subdivision.
Workers trudge up the narrow stairs, ready to stitch bright fabric beneath the whirling bobbins.
Workers try to avoid displacement both by switching to another job and by leaving the labor force.
Workers try to maximize the time they spend working and minimize the time they spend scheduling.
Workers try to recover any recyclable materials still left in the garbage.
Workers typically agree to a measure of allegiance to a company when they accept a job.
Workers typically gain experience by performing tasks under the guidance of experienced workers.
Workers typically have little interest in the work they do or in the way they do it.
Workers typically learn the proper use of hand and power tools on the job.
Workers typically live in crowded dormitories which lack adequate facilities.
Workers understand and get busy with continuously upgrading their skills.
Workers understand that.
Workers understand the pressures of the industry and the economy.
Workers undertake tasks.
Workers unite against capitalist-roaders in London poster collection.
Workers unload tons of tar blocks to be melted and used on the roof.
Workers unload trucks at firm's warehouse.
Workers use a hose to pour concrete into the outer lining of the shaft.
Workers use a hot-air lance to seal pavement cracks.
Workers use a machete to cut the pods off the trees.
Workers use a special sealed vacuum to pick up the mercury without spreading it further.
Workers use a variety of techniques to measure contamination and cleanup.
Workers use a variety of tools for diagnostic tests and repair.
Workers use blowtorches to fix the wheel section.
Workers use equipment.
Workers use foundation skills academic and behavioral characteristics to build competencies on.
Workers use handle precaution.
Workers use hands.
Workers use information technology to collect, store and use information in all sorts of situations.
Workers use machines, tools, or other materials.
Workers use mass transits.
Workers use methods.
Workers use precaution.
Workers use safe handle precaution.
Workers use scaffolding instead.
Workers use several basic methods to apply paints and coatings to manufactured articles.
Workers use sewing machines with a variety of attachments.
Workers use smart cards that slide into their computers at home to protect the company's secrets.
Workers use sophisticated cutting and fastening machinery to ensure accurate, strong assembly.
Workers use special long-handled extension tools to repair the substructure from ground level.
Workers use the information to participate in workplace safety and health efforts.
Workers use the sink to wash their hands.
Workers use transits.
Workers using heavy machinery or hand tools are at potential risk from accidents.
Workers using silica sand for the purpose of abrasive blasting are at risk.
Workers variously report that their productivity rises and that they feel less stress.
Workers vary in size more than soldiers.
Workers visit sites.
Workers visit weekly for the first year or so.
Workers voluntarily participate in management to accept responsibility for major reforms.
Workers volunteer to participate in the work program as an alternative to jail time.
Workers walk a little taller because they make a living wage and get decent benefits.
Workers walk home from vulcanizing plant.
Workers walk the length of the sorting facility looking for stranded packages.
Workers walk the streets, find the kids and provide assistance.
Workers walk the tracks twice-once to check the left side and once to check the right side.
Workers washing gassed student faces and other such acts, also by residents and other on the street.
Workers wear all the needed equipment and know where the emergency escape is located.
Workers wear bandannas over their noses and mouths.
Workers wear company issued work clothing including shoes.
Workers wear drone uniforms, but supervisors get to wear their regular clothes.
Workers wear gear.
Workers wear lab coats and gloves in areas where radioactive liquids and powders are used.
Workers wear masks and other protective clothing in what amounts to an unhealthy environment.
Workers wear personal protection equipment when performing certain tasks.
Workers wear plastic gloves when working with raw or fresh food.
Workers wear protective gear.
Workers wear protective suits and masks to protect themselves from asbestos.
Workers wear reflective gear and try to close one lane if necessary.
Workers wear respirators and disposable coveralls to protect themselves while working.
Workers wear safety harnesses when applying the lath and lattice work.
Workers wear shirts.
Workers wear sleeve shirts.
Workers wear small badges that blink when they pick up a signal from a sensor in the bathroom.
Workers wear special clothing known as bunny suits.
Workers wear white paper hats that help complete the look.
Workers weigh each can, make any necessary adjustments, and attach a top to the can.
Workers willingly volunteer new ideas.
Workers win some victories, but the big battles lie ahead .
Workers work because they have to survive in the rat race system run by imperialism and the locals.
Workers work faster and more accurately.
Workers work for real wages, after-tax.
Workers work for years.
Workers work full time.
Workers work in agencies.
Workers work in coal industries.
Workers work in facilities.
Workers work in government agencies.
Workers work in industries.
Workers work in offices.
Workers work IN the System.
Workers work industries.
Workers work quickly and often cut themselves and others.
Workers work the same amount regardless of wages.
Workers work time.
Workers work to save, then to invest and ultimately to become owners of capital.
Workers work weekends.
Workers work with communities.
Workers work with local communities.
Workers worry about retirement security.
Workers worry about retirement.
Workers always get strong representation.
Workers frequently leave the occupation, which leads to numerous job openings.
Workers frequently teach or counsel others.
Workers frequently use flow charts to simplify and clarify a procedure or plan.
Workers often bend down when planting.
Workers often bring their loved ones along on business trips.
Workers often complain benefits are too tight.
Workers often devote themselves to their companies almost to the exclusion of their social lives.
Workers often enter the tanks for inspection and welding.
Workers often feel attacked and betrayed by changes announced by management.
Workers often form subgroups, which compete with other subgroups and individuals.
Workers often go for weeks or months with no pay at all.
Workers often go without pay for months on end .
Workers often groom each other, keeping their body, mandibles, and antennae clean.
Workers often have deadlines to meet.
Workers often have no ocellus.
Workers often have to work for years just to pay off their traveling and installment costs.
Workers often have to work for years just to pay off their travelling and installment costs.
Workers often have two or three jobs in addition to their official one.
Workers often live on tea estates with no access to schools, clean water, and health care.
Workers often progress from feelings of stress to self-blame to feelings of powerlessness.
Workers often remain stuck as entry-level contribution rates.
Workers often specialize in one area, such as feathers, fabric, buttons, shoes, etc.
Workers often start as helpers.
Workers often trade wages for job security, status, and other job attributes.
Workers often work over night.
Workers usually advance by taking on more duties in the same occupation with higher pay.
Workers usually begin by performing simple tasks.
Workers usually check sheet used for auto bodies after stamping.
Workers usually come last as far as companies are concerned.
Workers usually come last as far as most companies are concerned.
Workers usually know when they deserve to be terminated.
Workers usually learn their skills on the job.
Workers usually live fifty days.
Workers usually live for only four to six weeks.
Workers usually receive four dinars for a day s work during the season.
Workers usually specialize in a particular area.
Workers usually stay on the job and, in fact, often have to be told to go home.
Workers usually stay or leave because of the way they're treated.
Workers usually supply their own hand tools.
Workers usually wear water-repellent boots while working in wet concrete.
Workers usually work in shifts, at night, and on weekends.
All workers actually belong to a union or a similar organization.
All workers agree, however, that the red wolf is endangered.
All workers also lose the power to choose the benefits they desire, while they're at it.
All workers are consumers.
All workers are female and look like the queen but are smaller.
All workers are female.
All workers are females.
All workers are free to join various trade unions.
All workers are free to organize independent labor unions.
All workers are on the same team and efficiently supervised.
All workers are potentially at risk.
All workers are subject to random drug screening.
All workers are to be provided with a healthy, safe, clean, and comfortable working environment.
All workers are unpaid volunteers.
All workers are volunteers and funding is through donations.
All workers are volunteers and profits go to community projects.
All workers are volunteers, and all expenses are met in other ways.
All workers are volunteers, and no one takes a dime.
All workers are volunteers.
All workers are wingless.
All workers benefit from trade everywhere .
All workers contribute in foraging, brood care, and other tasks.
All workers deserve a secure retirement at the end of their working years.
All workers deserve the full protection of the law.
All workers deserve to be given a chance to prove themselves on the job.
All workers deserve to be treated with dignity and have a voice in the workplace.
All workers desire an effective ministry that bears fruit.
All workers do.
All workers generally live about four years.
All workers have a right to expect equitable compensation and decent working conditions.
All workers have a right to paid education and training leave.
All workers have access to computers on which they can make calculations and comparisons.
All workers have extensive dairying backgrounds .
All workers have human rights to basic labor protections.
All workers have the right to associate freely and choose their representatives.
All workers have the right to associate freely and to choose their representatives.
All workers have the right to be accompanied at discipliniary and grievance hearings.
All workers have the right to form and join trade unions and to bargain collectively.
All workers have the right to join a union.
All workers have the right to just conditions of work.
All workers have the right to rest and leisure.
All workers have the right to save and healthy working conditions.
All workers keep in tune with plans, and goals, as well as present shipments.
All workers preach the uncompromising gospel.
All workers receive at least five weeks of paid vacation yearly, in addition to paid holidays.
All workers receive training on an increasing number of machines as their skill levels rise.
All workers seek decent jobs, wages, and opportunities for transfer and promotion.
All workers send requests for work to the current boss.
All workers wear hard-hats and safety goggles.
All workers work an eight-hour shift and the output of each is recorded.
Any worker doing so is deemed to be in breach of their contract and can be dismissed.
Every worker can be online at the same time.
Every worker can sit comfortably by adjusting the angles of their hips, knees, ankles and elbows.
Every worker can understand solidarity.
Every worker deserves a safe work environment.
Every worker deserves a safe workplace.
Every worker has a legal right to a healthy and safe work environment.
Every worker has a log in which they document each job they perform.
Every worker has an assignment, and shirking it carries a price.
Every worker has the right to a safe and healthful workplace.
Every worker has the right to a safe and healthy workplace.
Every worker is asked to stay at home.
Every worker is due the respect and courtesy of appreciation for a job well done.
Every worker is entitled to a variety of generous social benefits.
Every worker is for the development of more productive methods.
Every worker is free to leave any job and seek a better one.
Every worker is hired full-time for the entire tax period.
Every worker is liable to grow dull and discouraged at times.
Every worker is under considerable pressure to cut corners when the workload gets heavy.
Every worker is under considerable pressure to cut corners when the workload is so heavy.
Every worker knows that it is impossible to make two completely equal objects.
Every worker knows that when unemployment is high, workers are weak.
Every worker knows that.
Every worker needs to be a good project manager.
Every worker needs to be ready to handle an emergency.
Every worker ought to question their motivation.
Every worker seems to know and anticipate every move of their coworkers.
Every worker signs one at the workplace.
Many workers often work ten to twelve hours days, six and even seven daysa week.
Many workers abuse systems in other ways.
Many workers also have cell phones and pagers for their personal use.
Many workers also require the use of their vehicle for business purposes.
Many workers are at high risk of injury and death from traffic-related motor vehicle crashes.
Many workers are body-searched when they leave the factory.
Many workers are committed to their own enterprise agreements.
Many workers are hesitant to ask for help, seeing it as a sign of weakness.
Many workers are hungry.
Many workers are idle and many no longer have formal jobs.
Many workers are immigrants and reflect the diverse population of New York City.
Many workers are now cross-training for success.
Many workers are now temporary or part-time workers with no benefits.
Many workers are outraged that wealth can make such a difference in how the police treat people.
Many workers are so intimidated that they fear unionizing or even asking for a raise.
Many workers are suspicious of new technology, even hostile to it.
Many workers are thus well along in preparing for retirement.
Many workers are too afraid to complain about the working conditions or pursue their legal rights.
Many workers are unfamiliar with investing.
Many workers are very worried about their future.
Many workers become telecommuters by choice.
Many workers begin as apprentice editor assistants and work their way up.
Many workers come from nearby rural areas.
Many workers coming from overseas are young, single and relatively inexperienced.
Many workers complain about having to attend too many meetings.
Many workers compute percentage ratio in an effort to control the length of the protocol.
Many workers confuse pregnancy-disability leave and family leave.
Many workers cooperate on such building projects.
Many workers die trying to rescue other workers.
Many workers disagree.
Many workers enjoy the fast paced nature of the work and are flexible by nature.
Many workers enter the construction trade without formal training.
Many workers even return to the same camps year after year for work.
Many workers experience stress and negative spillover from work.
Many workers face a crisis of unemployment and 'xiagang'.
Many workers face barriers, such as financial barriers, to taking advantage of unpaid leave.
Many workers face violence or the threat of violence almost daily.
Many workers fail to pursue that success, though.
Many workers fall ill or become alcoholics.
Many workers feel overconnected and stressed out on a digital treadmill.
Many workers feel the tussle for leadership is real and serious.
Many workers feel they are being shortchanged three or four hours overtime every two weeks.
Many workers find it difficult to perform the lung function test.
Many workers first gain job-related skills through their initial exposure to work as teenagers.
Many workers get off public assistance, which lowers taxes.
Many workers give up more pension benefits than they realize, for example, by changing jobs.
Many workers have difficulty grappling with investment decisions.
Many workers have flexible schedules, including regular breaks.
Many workers have good human skills in relating to coworkers.
Many workers have little training.
Many workers have lockers in dangerous areas.
Many workers have no idea how to go about decertifying their union.
Many workers have no idea their rights have been violated.
Many workers have no idea where their pension money is invested.
Many workers have part-time jobs.
Many workers have six to seven jobs in a career.
Many workers have their labor rights suppressed and violated.
Many workers have wages so low they can barely pay their bills, let alone save money.
Many workers here are mill veterans.
Many workers hold two or more jobs to make ends meet.
Many workers lack confidence in their writing skills and as a result often avoid writing.
Many workers lack the basic literacy skills to read their attendance and time cards.
Many workers learn more than one job.
Many workers learn their trade through a four-year apprenticeship program.
Many workers live in overcrowded dormitories above the factory.
Many workers live in the more socially conservative King County.
Many workers look forward to their retirement as a time to enjoy themselves.
Many workers lose much of their pension earnings if they switch jobs too frequently.
Many workers make less than the minimum wage.
Many workers mistakenly believe their privacy is constitutionally guaranteed.
Many workers move on to other occupations.
Many workers never read the policy some couldn t even read.
Many workers now benefit from smoke-free buildings.
Many workers now use computerized metalworking equipment.
Many workers practice the same tactic, defending their factories.
Many workers realise the danger too late, and become disabled.
Many workers receive free skills training form their temporary help company.
Many workers receive some support and flexibility for their personal or family needs.
Many workers receive some training on computers or from movies.
Many workers reject technology because of laziness, incomprehension or sheer cantankerousness.
Many workers say the speed of production doubled over the previous six months.
Many workers say they work to help their parents or families.
Many workers see salvation from a dead-end job in the system.
Many workers see the telltale signs of whitened fingers and numbness and attribute it to aging.
Many workers seem to break along the grassy stretches.
Many workers seem to want it.
Many workers sell farm machinery, seeds, feeds and fertilizers.
Many workers sound off on equal opportunity and sexual discrimination.
Many workers spend all or much of their working day in a hot environment.
Many workers spend some part of their working day in a hot environment.
Many workers stand to gain from the widespread utilization of MSAs.
Many workers still log long hours.
Many workers strike.
Many workers suffer under oppressive and poor working conditions.
Many workers take only a few minutes break at lunch time in order to try and make the quota.
Many workers take their pensions in a lump sum, rolling the payment into a retirement account.
Many workers think their company or Internet e-mail is private.
Many workers toil in open cubicles, which let all the bad habits hang out.
Many workers transfer to occupations that are less dangerous.
Many workers travel their whole career.
Many workers use drugs and alcohol after hours with little or no impairment on the job.
Many workers use the Internet to speak out about inequalities such as pay cuts or lay-offs.
Many workers wear knee pads to protect their knees from scrapes and burns.
Many workers wonder about the impact on their community of the next big merger.
Many workers wonder what happened.
Many workers worry about losing their jobs and having difficulty finding new ones.
More workers have a long work week.
More workers means more individuals can feed on a structure at a given time.
More workers means more taxpayers.
More workers miss time from their jobs because of back injuries than any other type of injury.
More workers sit at a desk, fewer dig ditches or load furniture.
More workers speak languages other than English.
Most worker termites feed on substances.
Most worker termites feed on wood.
Most workers access information.
Most workers access support services.
Most workers acquire skills.
Most workers acquire their skills on the job.
Most workers acquire thier skills informally by beginning as helpers.
Most workers are afraid of reporting the abuses which occur in the factories.
Most workers are aware of cement burn dangers and take more precaution than the casual user.
Most workers are Black men, but white workers and women have also been active in the union effort.
Most workers are eligible for workers' compensation coverage, but every state excludes some workers.
Most workers are employees of incorporated organizations.
Most workers are females, especially in the caring occupations such as nursing.
Most workers are ignorant of rules and regulations.
Most workers are interested in community involvement.
Most workers are on leave and are called back only when there is work to do.
Most workers are qualified skilled laborers.
Most workers are trained on jobs.
Most workers are unable to find a new job that is as good as the last one.
Most workers arrive in the area as transient labour.
Most workers assume roles.
Most workers assume tasks.
Most workers avoid areas.
Most workers avoid conflict.
Most workers begin careers.
Most workers believe that there is nothing they can do about being retaliated against.
Most workers benefit from style.
Most workers bring water.
Most workers can accomplish the task with no problem.
Most workers can afford to contribute very little.
Most workers carry food.
Most workers carry out duties.
Most workers carry out many other duties.
Most workers carry out other duties.
Most workers cash out, and pay a tax.
Most workers check gauges and adjust machinery as the liquids move through the equipment.
Most workers claim experience.
Most workers collect seeds.
Most workers come only for a few years and live in company dormitories.
Most workers come to homes.
Most workers commute alone by auto.
Most workers consider temperature only in terms of retention time changes.
Most workers create decorative finish.
Most workers create finish.
Most workers develop skills.
Most workers disagree.
Most workers do different tasks.
Most workers do jobs.
Most workers do labor.
Most workers do many different tasks.
Most workers do some mental and some physical work.
Most workers do tasks.
Most workers don t have anything other than their services to offer.
Most workers earn considerably more.
Most workers earning low-wages are young, single and live with their parents.
Most workers eat cream.
Most workers eat food.
Most workers eat ice cream.
Most workers eat proteins.
Most workers eat rich food.
Most workers eat sugar.
Most workers employ in operations.
Most workers employ techniques.
Most workers engage in duties.
Most workers engage in production.
Most workers enter areas.
Most workers enter employment.
Most workers enter fields.
Most workers enter homes.
Most workers enter occupations.
Most workers examine growth.
Most workers exhibit similarity.
Most workers experience normal reaction.
Most workers experience normal stress reaction.
Most workers experience stress reaction.
Most workers experience unemployment.
Most workers expose to benzene.
Most workers face events.
Most workers face issues.
Most workers find activities.
Most workers find nest sites.
Most workers find sites.
Most workers find sources.
Most workers find water.
Most workers follow experience.
Most workers follow precaution.
Most workers follow procedures.
Most workers follow space entry procedures.
Most workers gain experience.
Most workers gain skills.
Most workers get back everything they pay in low-wage workers get back a lot more.
Most workers get experience.
Most workers get food.
Most workers get proper protection.
Most workers get protection.
Most workers get work experience.
Most workers go unpaid for months on end.
Most workers have ability.
Most workers have access to company-provided computers.
Most workers have considerable experience.
Most workers have considerable relate experience.
Most workers have considerable relate work experience.
Most workers have desire.
Most workers have dollars.
Most workers have duties.
Most workers have energy.
Most workers have experience.
Most workers have exposure.
Most workers have food.
Most workers have glands.
Most workers have jobs around large equipment which can be noisy.
Most workers have jobs.
Most workers have knowledge.
Most workers have life.
Most workers have many clients that they are working with.
Most workers have options.
Most workers have power.
Most workers have pulses.
Most workers have the obligation of providing for families.
Most workers have wax glands.
Most workers have ways.
Most workers have work experience.
Most workers help citizens.
Most workers help effects.
Most workers help life.
Most workers help senior citizens.
Most workers identify complex computer problems.
Most workers identify complex problems.
Most workers identify problems.
Most workers increase productivity.
Most workers involve in industries.
Most workers just assume that feeling tired on the job is normal and unavoidable.
Most workers keep in touch.
Most workers know effort.
Most workers know employers can tap telephones, monitor e-mail, and count keystrokes with impunity.
Most workers know extra effort.
Most workers know little or nothing about the company code.
Most workers know the safety rules.
Most workers learn occupations.
Most workers learn skills.
Most workers learn their skills on the job.
Most workers leave descendants.
Most workers leave forces.
Most workers leave jobs.
Most workers leave labor forces.
Most workers leave labor markets.
Most workers leave markets.
Most workers leave professions.
Most workers leave when they transfer to jobs that are less physically dangerous.
Most workers live at the place where they work.
Most workers live in Price, where their children can attend school.
Most workers live in the surrounding neighborhoods, so they can get to work without driving.
Most workers look for food.
Most workers lose jobs.
Most workers lose weight.
Most workers maintain temperature.
Most workers make attempts.
Most workers make contributions.
Most workers make decisions.
Most workers make way below minimum wage, and vacation time and other benefits are unheard of.
Most workers meet requirements.
Most workers move to locations.
Most workers now understand that unwanted, repeated, offensive behavior on the job is illegal.
Most workers now use the peak where the wave first changes from positive going to negative going.
Most workers own shares, and many are millionaires.
Most workers pass drug tests.
Most workers pass tests.
Most workers perform at levels.
Most workers perform colony maintenance.
Most workers perform duties.
Most workers perform essential duties.
Most workers perform general labor.
Most workers perform jobs.
Most workers perform labor.
Most workers perform maintenance.
Most workers perform routine maintenance.
Most workers perform such duties.
Most workers perform tasks.
Most workers probably have the exact opposite perspective.
Most workers provide education.
Most workers raise families.
Most workers receive benefits.
Most workers receive disability benefits.
Most workers receive health insurance, paid vacation, and pension plans.
Most workers receive hepatitis b vaccines.
Most workers receive more than the minimum wage.
Most workers receive more than the minimum.
Most workers receive permanent disability benefits.
Most workers receive vaccines.
Most workers recognize development.
Most workers record results.
Most workers recover from their job related injuries, but some continue to have medical problems.
Most workers rely on knowledge.
Most workers report life.
Most workers report prolong life.
Most workers report that excess energy is produced without a long initiation period.
Most workers require skills.
Most workers reveal presence.
Most workers say they want a close, more informal relationship with their colleagues.
Most workers see summaries.
Most workers seek care.
Most workers seek education.
Most workers serve customers.
Most workers serve different roles.
Most workers serve roles.
Most workers settle out of court and retire early.
Most workers show symptoms.
Most workers start in entry level labor or sales jobs and work under an experienced horticulturist.
Most workers strive to be a boss.
Most workers suffer eye injuries while doing their regular jobs.
Most workers suggest patterns.
Most workers survive winter.
Most workers take actions.
Most workers take care.
Most workers take charge.
Most workers take four to six weeks off each year.
Most workers take jobs.
Most workers take over duties.
Most workers take over jobs.
Most workers take over roles.
Most workers take precaution.
Most workers take same precaution.
Most workers take time.
Most workers treat emotional issues.
Most workers treat issues.
Most workers undertake tasks.
Most workers use equipment.
Most workers use handle precaution.
Most workers use hands.
Most workers use mass transits.
Most workers use methods.
Most workers use precaution.
Most workers use public transportation.
Most workers use safe handle precaution.
Most workers use their lunchtime to socialize, relax, shop, or read.
Most workers use transits.
Most workers visit sites.
Most workers wear gear.
Most workers wear protective gear.
Most workers wear shirts.
Most workers wear sleeve shirts.
Most workers work for years.
Most workers work full time.
Most workers work in agencies.
Most workers work in coal industries.
Most workers work in facilities.
Most workers work in government agencies.
Most workers work in industries.
Most workers work in offices.
Most workers work industries.
Most workers work time.
Most workers work weekends.
Most workers work with communities.
Most workers work with local communities.
Some workers act as soldiers.
Some workers add honey.
Some workers advance to crew leaders.
Some workers advance to electronics technicians or engineering assistants.
Some workers advance to leaders.
Some workers advance to supervisor, superintendent, cost estimator or sales associate.
Some workers agree.
Some workers also complain of skin problems caused by chemicals used to treat the fabrics.
Some workers also grumble at alternating between night and day shifts every two weeks.
Some workers also prefer the diversity of working on different projects.
Some workers are at greater risk for heat disorders.
Some workers are clearly independent contractors, and others are clearly regular employees.
Some workers are concerned about the small size of the elevators and other safety issues.
Some workers are dependent upon weather conditions as well.
Some workers are displaced, others retrained, others enter new jobs.
Some workers are employees no matter how little or how much they are supervised.
Some workers are in jobs for which they are poorly suited.
Some workers are in the corner talking loud enough for the party to overhear.
Some workers are known to lay unfertilized eggs that are fed to the larvae and queen.
Some workers are male.
Some workers are more interested than others.
Some workers are new in town.
Some workers are on a rotating shift.
Some workers are totally unacceptable because of their attitudes to the issues.
Some workers are trained on child health services.
Some workers are trained on services.
Some workers are unable to take regular breaks during the day due to limited staffing.
Some workers are union members.
Some workers arrive in centuries.
Some workers assume responsibility.
Some workers attain disability.
Some workers attend periodic training seminars to maintain a high level of skill.
Some workers attend periodic training seminars to maintain their skill level.
Some workers attend schools.
Some workers become instructors and train new employees.
Some workers become proactive and update their resumes.
Some workers become slaves.
Some workers believe that cheap immigrant labor takes away American jobs.
Some workers believe that it is here.
Some workers believe that there is an actual increase.
Some workers believe that there is periodicity to asteroidal and meteoric impacts.
Some workers belong to unions.
Some workers benefit from own sons.
Some workers benefit from retirement plans provided in part by their employers.
Some workers benefit from sons.
Some workers blame themselves.
Some workers bring their belongings out of the dorm bit by bit once they plan to leave.
Some workers build combs.
Some workers build geothermal plants.
Some workers build geothermal power plants.
Some workers build hives.
Some workers build honeycombs.
Some workers build plants.
Some workers build power plants.
Some workers build railways.
Some workers build tubes.
Some workers build wax combs.
Some workers can add data to the project, while others can only look.
Some workers can earn certificates before entering an apprenticeship.
Some workers can have adequate light.
Some workers can have light.
Some workers can save for retirement at low expense.
Some workers capture insects.
Some workers care for children.
Some workers carry body weight.
Some workers carry children.
Some workers carry larvae.
Some workers carry materials.
Some workers carry poison.
Some workers carry rubber or plastic mallets to drive the tube into the soil.
Some workers carry weight.
Some workers change tasks.
Some workers choose recommendations.
Some workers claim they are even sexually abused.
Some workers clearly suffer, whereas others become net winners.
Some workers collect boxes.
Some workers collect food.
Some workers collect insect larvae.
Some workers collect larvae.
Some workers collect mostly pollen, while others prefer nectar.
Some Workers collect nectar, some collect pollen and some do both.
Some workers collect nectar.
Some workers collect pollen.
Some workers come into contact.
Some workers come into direct contact.
Some workers complain of difficult conditions at the online retailer.
Some workers complete health questionnaires.
Some workers complete questionnaires.
Some workers complete standard questionnaires.
Some workers consider arthropod relatives.
Some workers consider conditions.
Some workers consider primitive conditions.
Some workers consider relatives.
Some workers create jewelry.
Some workers deal with animals.
Some workers deal with emergencies.
Some workers demonstrate elevate excretion.
Some workers demonstrate excretion.
Some workers demonstrate new products and services at exhibits and sales meetings.
Some workers depend on ages.
Some workers depend on availability.
Some workers depend on size.
Some workers describe a workforce divided on the basis of employment status.
Some workers determine development.
Some workers didn t even have warm gloves.
Some workers die after cars.
Some workers die after roofs.
Some workers die in incidents.
Some workers die in mudslides.
Some workers die of hydrogen sulfide poison.
Some workers die of poison.
Some workers dissolve it first in a tiny amount of acetone or rubbing alcohol, then add the water.
Some workers do as little work as they can to get by.
Some workers eat spores.
Some workers engage in primary activities related to farming, fishing, forestry, or mining.
Some workers enjoy hobbies.
Some workers enter bins.
Some workers enter countries.
Some workers enter grain bins.
Some workers enter straight out of high school as laborers, helpers or apprentices.
Some workers establish interference.
Some workers establish mechanical interference.
Some workers establish trails.
Some workers even use chopsticks or dental picks.
Some workers examine karyotypes.
Some workers examine tracks.
Some workers expect to be perpetually misunderstood by their supervisors.
Some workers experience follow severe stress symptoms.
Some workers experience follow symptoms.
Some workers experience severe symptoms.
Some workers experience stress symptoms.
Some workers experience symptoms.
Some workers expose to airborne lead.
Some workers expose to cadmium.
Some workers expose to danger.
Some workers expose to dust.
Some workers expose to grain dust.
Some workers expose to lead.
Some workers expose to nuclear radiation.
Some workers expose to pesticide.
Some workers expose to radiation.
Some workers expose to silica.
Some workers face danger.
Some workers feed larvae.
Some workers fill out simple forms every day, while others write daily or monthly reports.
Some workers find animals.
Some workers find debris.
Some workers find effects.
Some workers find services.
Some workers find they can deal with angry callers better than others.
Some workers find wood.
Some workers flee countries.
Some workers follow scent trails.
Some workers follow trails.
Some workers further reduce their life expectancy by abusing drugs.
Some workers gain advantage.
Some workers gain their skills through related work experience.
Some workers gather fruit.
Some workers generate heat.
Some workers get into chronic debt, sometimes selling their homes to pay the fee.
Some workers give patients.
Some workers go on strikes.
Some workers go on to other jobs while others go to school or assume other responsibilities.
Some workers go on to other jobs while others go to school or start families.
Some workers handle animals.
Some workers handle wild animals.
Some workers have been reassigned from clerical jobs to phone-answering, so the backlog grows.
Some workers have blood tests.
Some workers have college degrees.
Some workers have cuticles.
Some workers have degrees.
Some workers have high uranium levels in their body.
Some workers have holidays.
Some workers have larger areas than others.
Some workers have motors for their canoes.
Some workers have ovaries.
Some workers have positive blood tests.
Some workers have positive tests.
Some workers have recommendations.
Some workers have size.
Some workers have tests.
Some workers have thick cuticles.
Some workers have to do two or three jobs to get a full-time wage packet.
Some workers have to sleep on triple-decker bunk beds in overcrowded rooms.
Some workers have to work even seven days a week plus overtime for a penny.
Some workers have vice.
Some workers have wings.
Some workers have years.
Some workers help bees.
Some workers help birds.
Some workers help cats.
Some workers help children.
Some workers help passengers with their tickets and other needs.
Some workers help patients.
Some workers here talk of a new science of complex systems .
Some workers hike through forests to assess logging conditions.
Some workers hope to find more compatible employers and like-minded colleagues.
Some workers introduce ancestors.
Some workers introduce babies.
Some workers introduce hypothetical ancestors.
Some workers involve in responses.
Some workers isolate carbohydrates.
Some workers isolate structural carbohydrates.
Some workers join british citizens.
Some workers join citizens.
Some workers kill in accidents.
Some workers kill in crane accidents.
Some workers kill mongeese.
Some workers kill mothers.
Some workers kill pigs.
Some workers leave industries.
Some workers live for few weeks.
Some workers live for weeks.
Some workers live for years.
Some workers live in areas.
Some workers live in their cars, and a few in tents.
Some workers lose ability.
Some workers lose fingers.
Some workers lose jobs, while other workers gain jobs.
Some workers lose rights.
Some workers maintain facilities.
Some workers maintain products.
Some workers make honey.
Some workers migrate to nest sites.
Some workers migrate to sites.
Some workers monitor animals.
Some workers monitor temperature.
Some workers now disavow the goal of a unified theory.
Some workers now wear balaclavas to work and cover their registration plates.
Some workers occur in workplaces.
Some workers only eat two meals to save money.
Some workers open their own body repair shops.
Some workers operate from so-called virtual offices in cars, airports, and hotel rooms.
Some workers organize car pools, in which workers take turns driving each other to work.
Some workers oversee machinery that makes manufactured fibers.
Some workers own non-qualified stock options, some own incentive stock options and some own both.
Some workers pay dollars.
Some workers perform better at the office, where they can interact and socialize with co-workers.
Some workers perform dances.
Some workers perform operations.
Some workers perform tree care operations.
Some workers perform types.
Some workers place certain species in different families.
Some workers place tardigrades directly into the mounting medium.
Some workers play jokes every now and then, but others are famous for their antics.
Some workers pose for photos.
Some workers possess pets.
Some workers prefer a paraffin coated low hardware-cloth rack to the round glass platform.
Some workers produce food.
Some workers protect offspring.
Some workers prove knowledge.
Some workers provide services.
Some workers provide treatments.
Some workers question ethic.
Some workers raise awareness.
Some workers raise chickens.
Some workers raise mothers.
Some workers reach full acclimatization within a week, while others take longer.
Some workers reach maturity.
Some workers really miss the office chitchat and the camaraderie of being part of a team.
Some workers receive cases.
Some workers receive temporary disability payments while they undergo treatment.
Some workers receive types.
Some workers recommend centrifuging before use.
Some workers reduce consumption.
Some workers regurgitate food.
Some workers remove studs.
Some workers report acute symptoms.
Some workers report breathing congestion, sneezing, wheezing and asthma-like symptoms.
Some workers report children.
Some workers report illnesses.
Some workers report incidents.
Some workers report injuries.
Some workers report similar incidents.
Some workers report symptoms.
Some workers report workplace injuries.
Some workers require inductions.
Some workers restrain dogs.
Some workers ride the ship to the water while others watch from areas at the left.
Some workers run enterprises.
Some workers say that using only alternative offices has helped their productivity.
Some workers say they have very real health concerns.
Some workers say they increase their income by volunteering for lots of overtime.
Some workers see tracks.
Some workers seem to be sensitive to repeated contact with latex on their skin and develop rashes.
Some workers share information.
Some workers simply associate rough, beat-up hands with manual labor.
Some workers spend a substantial amount of time traveling within the local area.
Some workers start their own contracting businesses.
Some workers store the slide boxes on their sides so that the slides rest horizontally.
Some workers study effects.
Some workers succumb to sleep at the office.
Some workers suffer fatal injuries.
Some workers suffer from effects.
Some workers suffer injuries.
Some workers suffer serious injuries.
Some workers suggest diets.
Some workers suggest reproduction.
Some workers supervise gambling activities and make sure they are conducted properly.
Some workers take advantage.
Some workers take over care.
Some workers take phone messages and keep records.
Some workers take several months to fully overcome the effects of the above events.
Some workers take tea.
Some workers telecommute.
Some workers think it is their turn and they want a voice.
Some workers think of silicosis as a disease of the past.
Some workers think that their jobs are a given right no matter how much they produce.
Some workers treat casualties.
Some workers treat disorder.
Some workers treat emotional disorder.
Some workers treat the blasted air before the ore is removed.
Some workers try to avoid the whole issue.
Some workers understand products.
Some workers use bobcats.
Some workers use bricks.
Some workers use bushes.
Some workers use concrete.
Some workers use curricula.
Some workers use feet.
Some workers use fire.
Some workers use mandibles.
Some workers use plates.
Some workers use pollen.
Some workers use standardize curricula.
Some workers use torches.
Some workers use weld torches.
Some workers wear colorful beaded bracelets as a guide for following the meticulous color pattern.
Some workers wear gloves made of heavy rubber to protect their hands from chemicals.
Some workers wear hard hats.
Some workers wear hats.
Some workers willingly give up privacy by broadcasting their activities over the Internet.
Some workers wish to substitute exceptions for miracle in chronically ill populations.
Some workers work in homes.
Some workers work in nurseries.
Some workers work with children.
Some workers work with macaques.
Some workers work with rhesus macaques.
Some workers work with teachers.
Workers compensation claims up - particularly from certain departments.
Workers compensation covers injury and disease arising out of and in the course of one s employment.
Workers compensation is a medical case in which an injury is sustained while on the job.
Workers compensation is also compulsory and unlimited.
Workers compensation is another important area that is covered by the letter.
Workers compensation is mandatory for most employment.
Workers compensation is mandatory in most states.
Workers compensation is one obvious way.
Workers compensation is only a portion of the loss.
Workers compensation is the original tort reform of the American legal system.
Workers compensation is the responsibility of an employer.
Workers compensation pays benefits to a worker who incurs a job-related injury or illness.
Workers compensation provides statutory limits and coverages, as well as Employers' Liability.
Workers control is a school for the entire reorganization of production, for real planning.
Workers rights are centuries away.
Workfare conditions are like slavery.
Workfare participants are overwhelmingly women.
Most workfare participants start out with the hope of a real job.
Workfare programs are far from prefect.
Workfare workers get NO benefits.
Workfare workers receive NO days off, NO sick days and NO vacation days.
Workflow analysis is a technique to model the user's flow of behavior in performing the task.
Workflow analysis is necessary for medical offices to track information flow.
Workflow applications record useful information about the services and products companies provide.
Workflow approval allows the assurance that the appropriate party authorizes purchases.
Workflow authors can also include detailed instructions on completing the task.
Workflow automation allows the implementation of complex models of interaction.
Workflow automation facilitates the page building process.
Workflow automation is an important buzz word in the information technology industry.
Workflow automation is designed to change all that.
Workflow component is available as an option.
Workflow engine Automates the process of moving documents along a certain path.
Most workflow engines terminate the process when an explicit Final node is reached.
Workflow features allow for automatic routing and processing of documents.
Workflow functions allow confirmation of booking by import forwarder or consignee.
Some workflow limitations do apply.
Workflow management deals with the specification and execution of business processes.
Workflow management describes what is done, how, by whom, and with what means.
Workflow management integrates aspects of technology, organization, and methodology.
Workflow management is a crucial productivity tool for all scales of projects.
Workflow management is a discipline that covers technology, organization, and methodology.
Workflow management is beyond the range of standard business integration solutions.
Workflow management is implemented in the form of internal messaging and external e-mails.
Workflow management is manual and based on close collaboration among the four sites.
Workflow management is the infrastructure to enable cooperation and control.
Workflow management poses problems of interdisciplinary nature.
Most workflow models view the applications as a fixed set of tasks.
Workflow participants are individuals that themselves do work or input data.
Workflow processes are important.
Workflow processes are serial in nature, which can be slow.
Many workflow products focus on document-related processes.
Workflow rules contain one or more conditions and actions.
Workflow scripts are an example.
Workflow software can help identify and eliminate bottlenecks.
Workflow software can reduce the difficulties of distance.
Workflow software is used to route the forms for approval.
Workflow software keeps track of who does what next.
Workflow support is a critical factor in the acceptance and use of computer system.
Workflow systems allow automated routing of electronic forms around an organisation.
Workflow systems have to scale well.
Workflow systems track the progress of individual events through the process.
Workflow technologies provide a flexible means of automating routine administrative decisions.
Workflow technology is an important area of electronic commerce.
Workflow tool strikes human chord.
Workflow vendors see it as the natural way of specifying and constructing their systems.
Workflow vendors use a form of business rules to govern task and information routing.
A workflow is progress
Workflows also help clarify tasks that are difficult to predefine.
Workflows are complex units of work consisting of multiple, possibly interdependent, transactions.
Workflows arise in virtually all applications of computing.
Workflows automatically route the contracts to key individuals for approvals and changes.
Workflows can be simple or complex.
Workflows Make Objects Really Useful.
Workflows typically have act- ors that process some documents in a certain sequence.
Workforce development involves considerable emphasis on training.
Workforce development is a key challenge.
Workforce development is a priority here in Mississippi, as it is throughout the Region.
Workforce development is a vital issue to Minnesota.
Workforce development is also a top priority in Kentucky.
Workforce development is especially important in an area with such low unemployment.
Workforce development is one of the most important challenges facing the region.
Workforce development is the hot topic of conversation.
Workforce development needs analysis and recommendations.
Workforce diversity is an essential component of human resource strategy.
Workforce diversity is an important topic.
Workforce diversity is recognized as a key issue among forward-looking corporations.
Workforce management is new discipline for the future.
Workforce planning is essential to the provision of an efficient, high quality pathology service.
A workforce is a personnel
Workforce gives HR professionals ammunition to help sell ideas through their organizations.
Workforce identifies the successful models and points out the lessons learned.
Workforce needs studies .
Workforce online is live the first calendar day of the month.
Workforce provides a wealth of timely, informative articles and useful resources.
Workforce recognizes that much of what HR addresses begins outside the organization.
Workforce reports on redefining retirement.
Workforce requires more self-evaluation.
Workforce strives to provide the solutions of choice.
Workforce works towards improving community awareness of job market requirements.
Workforces have one of the industry's lowest agent turnover rates.
Any workforce can only be productive if they're on the job.
A workhorse is a machine
Workhorses come in compact, light-weight packages, with low cost to purchase, deploy, and maintain.
Most working adults find it difficult to attend daytime classes.
Most working adults have preferences for certain team-roles, while they avoid other roles.
Working capital is an assets
More working capital is needed.
Most working days start before sunrise.
Working environments are clean and pleasant, and the biotech companies offer good benefit packages.
Most working flats are upstairs, massage parlours inaccessible.
Working fluids can be air, hot water, pressurized water or even liquid sodium, heated in a boiler .
Working groups are teams.
Working groups are units.
Most working papers are available on-line.
Most working parents find that later naps and later bedtimes work best.
Most working students take one or two courses per quarter.
Most working teens spend almost all of their earnings.
Most working vessels are very noisy due to all the pumps and engines.
Working can involve accomplishment.
Working can involve sleep.
Working can involve thinking.
Working can involve thinks.
Working can involve whistles.
Working causes a desire to rests.
Working causes blisters.
Working causes boredom.
Working causes creations.
Working causes fatigue.
Working causes frustrations.
Working causes hunger.
Working causes produce.
Working causes prosperity.
Working causes results.
Working causes rewards.
Working causes stress.
Working causes work stress.
Working is excavation.
Working is treatments.
Working is used for poor people.
Working is used for producings.
A workload is work
Workload analyses detail costs of carrying out particular programs or activities.
Workload balancing between the two computer sites is an important consideration.
Workload entails customizing third party tools to fit client needs.
Workload fluctuates predictably throughout the year.
Workload measures how long and hard a person is able to exercise during the test.
Workload peaks during six funding periods per academic year, averaging two periods per quarter.
Workload tends to fluctuate quite a bit at an online agency.
Workloads are always difficult to plan for.
Workloads are employment.
Workloads are excessive.
Workloads are far above the level at which anyone can perform adequately.
Workloads are heavy.
Workloads are sporadic or seasonal.
Workloads are sporadic, seasonal.
Workloads can be unpredictable and liable to peak when new products are launched.
Workloads continue to expand.
Workloads increase so that even adequate work requires longer hours.
Workloads normally vary throughout the term.
Workloads require animals and humans to adapt to altered mental and physical demands.
Workloads vary by department.
Workloads vary greatly by course or assignment.
Workloads often change, especially as a result of facility expansion or renovation projects.
A workman is an employee
Workman agrees that the price is an issue.
Workman are loyal and productive.
Workman calls in and issues an urgent plea.
Workman calls in.
Workman certainly looks good.
Workman holds organ pipe.
Workman hopes for smoother, more open talks.
Workman is a book publisher.
Workman is a communications major at the university.
Workman is a highly-lauded local product.
Workman is generous and sometimes witty in showing how the movement permeated pop culture.
Workman is very functional and rugged, to use it just type workman at the command prompt.
Workman isa employee.
Workman likens the current state of the business online environment to twin silos.
Workman now appeals.
Workman plans to put it on the Internet.
Workman portrays that mainstream distain with examples from the news and entertainment media.
Workman says it's irresponsible of Ng to budget for future surpluses.
Workman seems to have made a good living in Taos, but politics soon made life difficult.
Workman stand in the ironwork.
Workman thinks it's a combination of both.
Workmans are employees.
Workmans are workers.
Workmen are busy finishing the inside mortar work.
Workmen are busy rebuilding the restaurant and the beach huts.
Workmen are currently busy with the early stages of the roofing process.
Workmen are to wear identification badges to help control unauthorized entry.
Workmen arrive at sunup and map out the game plan over steaming mugs of coffee.
Workmen beg new flags.
Workmen begin the cleanup effort.
Workmen being lazy, all Paris turns out to complete the preparations.
Workmen can replace parts, without pulling the window out.
Workmen dig holes in various parts of the city to provide electricity to homes and tramways.
Workmen extending the London underground discover a five million year-old Martian spaceship.
Workmen have (part) arms.
Workmen have (part) body substances.
Workmen have (part) cell membranes.
Workmen have (part) cells.
Workmen have (part) corpi.
Workmen have (part) cytoplasm.
Workmen have (part) heads.
Workmen have (part) human bodies.
Workmen have (part) legs.
Workmen have (part) material bodies.
Workmen have (part) necks.
Workmen have (part) nuclei.
Workmen have (part) personality.
Workmen have (part) plasma membranes.
Workmen have (part) sections.
Workmen have (part) vacuoles.
Workmen install seats in north end zone.
Workmen play roles.
Workmen seem in no hurry to repair the monastery, a neglected jewel in Romania's national heritage.
Workmen seem smaller.
Workmen seem to have fled, abandoning their tools by the side of the river.
Workmen separate the aluminum from the oxygen.
Workmen sweep around a giant snowball near the Barbican, central London.
Workmen work in all sectors of the economy, at all kinds of jobs.
Workmen often discover fossils while splitting the stone.
Most workmen play roles.
Some workmen become citizens.
Some workmen become mexican citizens.
Some workmen become naturalize citizens.
Some workmen become naturalize mexican citizens.
Some workmen bring flags.
Some workmen build bridges.
Some workmen enter mines.
Some workmen find lists.
Some workmen inherit orchards.
Some workmen receive benefits.
Workmans compensation is mandatory in most states.
Workmanship is a skill
All workmanship is gauranteed.
All workmanship is guaranteed at no charge for one year, negating misuse.
All workmanship is guaranteed indefinitely.
All workmanship is guaranteed.
All workmanship is guarantied.
All workmanship is of the highest caliber.
Workout equipment can also become a breeding ground for cross-contamination.
Workout snacks consist of proteins.
A workout is effort
Workout clothing such as sweats, shorts, or t-shirts are acceptable attire.
Workout freak gives the secondary some attitude.
Workout isa exertion.
Workout leotards for gymnastics or dance.
Workout log for members to keep track of their workouts and walks.
Workout take-home projects include simple discussion questions and scripture memory verses.
Workouts accommodate all levels of swimmers from beginner to advanced.
Workouts are a breeze in our poolside exercise facility.
Workouts are advanced and designed for the seasoned swimmers.
Workouts are also strenuous.
Workouts are also three days a week for one hour in our weight room.
Workouts are amazingly quiet and smooth.
Workouts are at a moderate level of intensity and include various technique drills.
Workouts are available five days a week.
Workouts are custom designed to meet each client s goals and no two workouts are the same.
Workouts are done, pep talks are over, stomachs clutch, muscles twitch.
Workouts are healthy, but produce toxic by-products such as free radicals and toxic stress hormones.
Workouts are limited contact in shoulder pads and helmets.
Workouts are open to all levels of skill and motivation.
Workouts are open to everyone.
Workouts are outdoors, on tarps, on the grass.
Workouts are research based and are applied as individually as possible.
Workouts are self guided.
Workouts are short but demanding.
Workouts are stronger.
Workouts are varied and interesting.
Workouts become a source of pleasure and deep satisfaction.
Workouts begin the second week of the semester.
Workouts can be a joy.
Workouts can consist of anything from jogging and drills to stretching and hurdle jumping.
Workouts consist of drills, walking, running and stretching.
Workouts contain proteins.
Workouts continue today and are open to the public.
Workouts cover groundstrokes, volleys, overheads, and service drills.
Workouts designed to build muscle endurance incorporate moderate weights and high rep counts.
Workouts encompass all levels of runners from beginner to advanced competitors.
Workouts even help to keep or control soft assets such as cash.
Workouts focus on a variety of strokes, alternating between distance and sprint sets.
Workouts generally consist of a warm up, work out, cool down.
Workouts Get a complete fitness routine with video demonstrations.
Workouts grow, evolve, change with time.
Workouts have routine.
Workouts increase levels.
Workouts increase strength.
Workouts increase testosterone levels.
Workouts just take a little longer, that's all.
Workouts require energy.
Workouts Start out slow and err on the side of caution.
Workouts suggest the ability is there.
Workouts take less than an hour.
Workouts vary in difficulty to accommodate beginners to advanced fitness levels.
Workouts vary with the season.
Workouts vary with time of year but front crawl is usually emphasized as the main stroke.
All workouts are at the participant's own risk.
All workouts are at the recreator's own risk.
All workouts are at the same convenient location.
All workouts are free of charge and open to the public.
All workouts are in Central Park, New York City.
All workouts are instructor-led to insure each member's safety and proper form and motivation.
All workouts are open to the media and the general public.
All workouts are open to the public without charge.
All workouts are to be recorded in the locker rooms.
All workouts consist of a warm up, the main workout and a cool down.
All workouts have a specific purpose.
All workouts meet at the pool unless noted.
Every workout is an interval workout.
Every workout is as much an intellectual exercise as a physical exercise.
Every workout is long, hard and heavy.
Every workout makes a difference, it works.
Every workout stresses fundamentals, conditioning, and repetition.
Every workout's just a little bit more.
Most workouts are male and female friendly.
Most workouts are open.
Most workouts contain proteins.
Most workouts increase levels.
Most workouts increase strength.
Most workouts increase testosterone levels.
Most workouts require energy.
Some workouts become rewards.
Some workouts help cortisol secretion.
Some workouts help minds.
Some workouts help secretion.
Some workouts occur during stages.
Some workouts use circuits.
Workover activity impacts manufacturers of tubing, rods and pumps.
Workplace accidents kill farm workers at seven and a half times the national average.
Workplace accidents kill thousands of men each year.
Workplace bullies can be even worse.
Workplace bullying can be difficult to identify.
Workplace bullying exists in many different forms.
Workplace bullying includes all types of interpersonal harassment and discrimination.
Workplace bullying is a gray area the courts have only begun to explore.
Workplace bullying is a health risk.
Workplace bullying is on the increase and many employers fail to take the matter seriously enough.
Workplace bullying is one of the fastest-growing forms of workplace violence.
Workplace communication skills for deaf students.
Most workplace computers have better Internet access than home computers.
Workplace conflict can be productive or non-productive.
Workplace conflict is prevalent.
Workplace conflicts come in all shapes and sizes.
Workplace democracy is more than participation.
Workplace democracy means workers owning and managing their own companies.
Workplace discrimination causes anguish and anxiety.
Workplace discrimination is a common complaint of transgendered people.
Workplace discrimination knows no race, orientation, gender, political or religious boundary.
Workplace diversity goes beyond rectifying disadvantage and correcting past actions.
Workplace diversity is strength and it makes sense.
Workplace diversity means something very different in Russia than in the United States.
Workplace fairness is a basic American value.
Workplace harassment imposes substantial costs.
Workplace hazards can contribute significantly to infertility.
Workplace hazards Identify the major types of hazards associated with the electronics workplace.
Many workplace hazards arise from the activity of the plaintiff or others.
Workplace humor can break a tense situation.
Workplace injuries are down consistently over the last decade.
Workplace injuries are down.
Workplace injuries are expensive to both the employer and worker.
Workplace injuries remain high in nursing facilities.
Workplace injuries take place in many ways.
Workplace injury is taken very seriously within the industry.
Every workplace injury is serious.
Workplace interventions are essential to promote effective treatment.
Most workplace issues are grievable.
All workplace parties have roles and responsibilities under occupational health and safety law.
Workplace privacy is a contradiction in terms.
Workplace privacy is, for the first time, a recognized right.
Workplace relationships are more likely to remain intact.
Workplace romance gets a bad rap, but it can be sexy, steamy, and yes, even successful.
Workplace romance is a common occurrence.
Most workplace rudeness stops short of forbidden behavior.
Workplace safety is a critical component of daily lab operations.
Workplace safety is an issue which is increasingly concerning the community.
Workplace safety is one of the corporation's key values.
Workplace safety is the responsibility of both employees and employers.
Workplace safety is vitally important to municipal utilities.
Workplace stress continues to grow.
Workplace stress contributes significantly to other serious problems.
Workplace stress harms like cigarettes.
Workplace stress is a very real and vexing problem.
Workplace stress is evident everywhere.
Workplace stress is increasingly an issue for litigation, which can entail significant costs.
Some workplace stress can be the result of physical discomforts.
Workplace surveillance can have other downsides.
Workplace training is one of the fastest growing areas in distance teaching.
Workplace training needs to be much more effective and reach more people.
Workplace training requires unique teaching methods.
Workplace training uses a large range of technologies, software and commercial delivery systems.
Workplace violence can be costly in many ways.
Workplace violence can be deadly.
Workplace violence can endanger everyone's safety, ruin productivity and shatter employee morale.
Workplace violence can happen anywhere.
Workplace violence can include the spectrum from offensive language to homicide.
Workplace violence causes far more than a financial toll.
Workplace violence is a growing social problem.
Workplace violence is a heart-stopping reality.
Workplace violence is a key concern in today s workplace.
Workplace violence is a leadership issue.
Workplace violence is a leading source of employee concern across the country.
Workplace violence is a major concern.
Workplace violence is a potential threat to every business.
Workplace violence is a serious issue.
Workplace violence is a serious phenomenon and one which employees view as a safety priority.
Workplace violence is a significant cause of injury and death in the workplace.
Workplace violence is a substantial contributor to death and injury on the job.
Workplace violence is also on the decline.
Workplace violence is an action or incident that physically or psychologically harms another person.
Workplace violence is an unfortunate reality.
Workplace violence is another serious issue associated with work-related stress.
Workplace violence is defined as physical assault, or threat of assault on the job.
Workplace violence is growing concern.
Workplace violence is never the fault of the victim.
Workplace violence is of great interest to the community.
Workplace violence is rampant.
Workplace violence is the fastest-growing form of murder in the United States today.
Workplace violence means people being shot at work.
Workplace violence seems to have two definitions.
Workplace violence takes many forms.
Most workplace violence is directed towards a person, usually an employee, supervisor or customer.
Most workplace violence is in fact preventable.
Some workplace violence starts with employees who silently endure or commit domestic abuse.
Workplace wellness is certainly all the rage, and with good reason.
A workplace is a point
Workplace bullies common.
Workplace can better accommodate individual needs.
Workplace exposures to a wide range of carcinogens.
Workplace falls .
Workplace giving campaigns are among the most efficient forms of fundraising.
Workplace giving programs are an integral part of our fundraising program.
Workplace is a journal produced by graduate students about academic labor.
Workplace is an independent journal that reports on, and advocates for, the academic labor movement.
Workplace is designed to work with existing Internet infrastructure.
Workplace is drug and smoke free.
Workplace is easy to use and makes community participation rich and effortless.
Workplace is fully functional and has been available since last fall.
Workplace is hot, dirty and dangerous.
Workplace isa location.
Workplace supports for families .
Workplace supports, functioning, and integration outcomes for people with psychiatric disabilities.
Workplaces also remain highly segregated areas.
Workplaces are also where much of our pollution originates.
Workplaces are an ideal place for employees facing domestic abuse to get help.
Workplaces are breeding grounds for the nasty little bugs that cause colds and flu.
Workplaces are communities, too.
Workplaces are smoke-free with designated smoking areas.
Workplaces become active learning environments for students.
Workplaces can also make good rodent homes.
Workplaces can become more family-friendly.
Workplaces can play a crucial role in supporting family commitments.
Workplaces change constantly.
Workplaces enumerate the inputs they want and outputs they propose to make available.
Workplaces have (part) bases.
Workplaces have (part) ceilings.
Workplaces have (part) floors.
Workplaces have (part) locker rooms.
Workplaces have (part) lockers.
Workplaces have (part) room light.
Workplaces have (part) sections.
Workplaces have (part) walls.
Workplaces hold a captive audience for educational activities.
Workplaces offer benefits.
Workplaces provide an ideal opportunity to influence individual behavior and community norms.
Workplaces vary, but human needs remain the same.
All workplaces are unique and require individual worker safety solutions.
All workplaces are vulnerable.
All workplaces have family-friendly policies and practices.
All workplaces have hazards, some major and some minor.
All workplaces have the potential for violence.
All workplaces have the potential for workplace violence.
Any workplace can be at risk of violence by a co-worker.
Every workplace has a degree of risk for occupational injuries.
Every workplace has a grapevine.
Every workplace has a set of factors that influence how work gets done.
Every workplace has hazards.
Every workplace is a potential location for violence.
Every workplace is different, but some things never change.
Every workplace later receives a detailed report of the measurements.
Every workplace needs to take a systematic approach to preventing injuries and illnesses.
Every workplace requires a system so that progress can be monitored.
Many workplaces also extend education in first aid and safety procedures.
Many workplaces are improperly lit for paper work or computer work.
Many workplaces give little sense of support to their staff.
Many workplaces have extensive programmes for employees at all levels.
Many workplaces have extensive training programmes for employees at all levels.
Many workplaces never open after a fire, resulting in job losses.
Many workplaces still use propane forklifts.
Most workplaces employ a majority of females.
Most workplaces have a microwave for easy reheating.
Most workplaces have a union delegate specially trained to handle many workplace issues.
Most workplaces have offices where material goes in and never comes out.
Most workplaces have some sort of system for keeping older records.
Most workplaces isolate human primates into rows of desks, cubicles, and offices.
Most workplaces offer benefits.
Most workplaces suppress or discourage complaints.
Some workplaces create a risk of exposure to the rabies virus.
Some workplaces encourage their employees to have fun.
Some workplaces have a shorter vesting period.
Some workplaces have an agreed procedure for resolving safety and health issues.
Some workplaces have dress codes and some provide uniforms.
Some workplaces have dress codes with gender-specific expectations.
Some workplaces have firewalls or other proxy servers installed.
Some workplaces require voluminous memos while others have very few.
Some workplaces result in death.
Some workplaces seem to have homemade snacks around all the time.
Some workplaces use compassionate leave days or floating days off.
A works council is a council
Works councils negotiate over most conditions and work rules in each workplace.
Worksheet configuration uses fewer modules, allowing easier set-up and cleaner worksheets.
Worksheet generators are also on the disk.
A worksheet is a sheet
Worksheet can identify accounts requiring adjustments.
Worksheet consists of columns, rows, and cells.
Worksheet contains a list of all active discretionary planning projects for the current month.
Worksheet contains questions about the library that all of the answers are in metric.
Worksheet explains exactly how figures are calculated.
Worksheet figures out a company's Z-score, which can be used to predict failure.
Worksheet goes over the basics of the trigonometric functions sine, cosine and tangent.
Worksheet includes reading comprehension questions, vocabulary terms, and a writing prompt.
Worksheet is a compact client with a very spreadsheet-like interface.
Worksheet is incomplete and unacceptable.
Worksheet randomly generates plots of linear fields with small integer coefficients.
Worksheet report no longer prints blank pages when top-level item has no child items.
Worksheet requires use of calculator and equation sheet.
Worksheet requires use of calculator.
Worksheet shows how much water is used in daily household activities.
Worksheets Add some flavor to worksheets.
Worksheets allow readers to monitor their progress.
Worksheets also cover vocabulary, grammar and spelling.
Worksheets are a nice medium for presenting and communicating results and teaching material.
Worksheets are also available here.
Worksheets are also available to download off the site such as daily diaries and drug-usage charts.
Worksheets are also available.
Worksheets are available and guided tours can be provided.
Worksheets are available for farmers to estimate cost of production per acre for corn and soybeans.
Worksheets are available for more detail if needed.
Worksheets are available from the discipline coordinator of chemistry.
Worksheets are available from the tutor.
Worksheets are available in most subjects.
Worksheets are available on the web.
Worksheets are available to reinforce the visual and experiential lessons.
Worksheets are blackline masters of the same taskcards offered in the cardstock series.
Worksheets are complete.
Worksheets are due at the beginning of class on the day they are due.
Worksheets are due at the beginning of lab.
Worksheets are due at the start of class on the date noted on the course outline.
Worksheets are due one week after each presentation.
Worksheets are for elementary and secondary education.
Worksheets are helpful in assembling large amounts of data from various sources.
Worksheets are in postscript and pdf formats.
Worksheets are just easier for teachers.
Worksheets are no longer necessary.
Worksheets are portable.
Worksheets are reproducible and include instructions on the opposing page.
Worksheets are reproducible.
Worksheets are sheets.
Worksheets are the basis of all spreadsheet functions.
Worksheets are the same as the reporting sheets used by the established welltest service companies.
Worksheets are to be turned in at the beginning of the class that they are due.
Worksheets are vailable from the author.
Worksheets based on videos and readings make up the bulk of the work.
Worksheets can also include a screen shot of the site and the url.
Worksheets can help parents project costs.
Worksheets Communicate with staff using the notes system which create our worksheets.
Worksheets contain a listing of points claimed for the applicable period.
Worksheets cost three pence per copy.
Worksheets Create time tests easily and efficiently.
Worksheets focus on accepting new students, staff, parents and the public.
Worksheets focus on grammar usage in business applications.
Worksheets follow a logical and thorough progression through the operation of subtraction.
Worksheets follow at the end of each Chapter.
Worksheets form the basis for questions that lead to class discussions.
Worksheets guide an assessment of needs and the setting of goals.
Worksheets guide students through experiences by offering suggestions and asking questions.
Worksheets have brief lead-ins, clear directions, and clues for finding data.
Worksheets have variable credit based on the amount of work required to complete each.
Worksheets help guide students and provide a basis for further discussion away from the program.
Worksheets help manage every detail from bouquets and budgets to RSVPs.
Worksheets help organize and analyze data.
Worksheets invite the reader to participate in the process.
Worksheets list all required courses for the curriculum chosen.
Worksheets provide a blueprint for drafting a marketing plan.
Worksheets provide paper copy printouts.
Worksheets provide plenty of practice for teachers who like hands on learning.
Worksheets reinforce each skill and concept.
Worksheets summarize the recommendations into practical steps.
Worksheets take about an hour to complete and require the use of printed resources.
Worksheets turn maps into treasure hunts.
All worksheet are in printable format.
All worksheets are to be handed in at the start of learning group.
All worksheets prepared by the students, individually and in groups, are anonymous.
Most worksheets are for the younger crowd.
Most worksheets consist of tables of numbers, called values in spreadsheet jargon.
Some worksheets are a combination of the two.
Some worksheets have multiple action steps while others are simpler lists.
All workshop attendance is voluntary.
Most workshop courses offer continuing education units.
All workshop descriptions indicate level of instruction and special prerequisites as noted.
All workshop locations are ADA accessible.
All workshop materials are in English.
All workshop materials are up to date with the latest FAR rewrites.
Most workshop materials are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Workshop participants address issues.
Workshop participants discuss ways.
All workshop participants are welcome to bring their lunch.
All workshop participants get a copy of the book.
All workshop participants receive a similar questionnaire at the conclusion of the last day.
All workshop participants receive instructions on how to develop web pages.
Most workshop participants discuss ways.
A workshop is work
Workshop exercises provide practice and reinforce lecture materials.
Workshop isa education.
Workshop isa workplace.
Workshop notes from terms past.
Workshop Provides foreign exchange informations.
Workshop Provides on-line assistance as well as a programme of events aimed at new writers.
Workshop start times vary.
Workshop takes place.
Workshops address key topics of importance to transfer students.
Workshops address many of the issues raised in career counseling.
Workshops address the areas of consciousness-raising and skill building.
Workshops address the challenges of developing an action team made up of diverse individuals.
Workshops address the special career development needs of all students.
Workshops aim to target solutions for pressing environmental issues.
Workshops allow a more detailed discussion of results and feedback from stakeholders.
Workshops allow experimentation in genre, form and literary approaches.
Workshops allow for a more hands-on experience.
Workshops allow for critique and discussion of students' work.
Workshops allow participants to create art they can take home out of everyday objects.
Workshops allow participation in project construction.
Workshops allow people get a feel for their area of interest.
Workshops allow the participants to gain hands-on experience with the artist.
Workshops alone can instill high moral character and integrity in our youth.
Workshops also cover academic writing.
Workshops also develop negotiation and personal presentation skills.
Workshops also enhance the school's learning objectives.
Workshops also focus on specialised topics and aim to promote group work among students.
Workshops also provide a forum where caregivers can network and communicate with each other.
Workshops also provide an opportunity to have questions answered.
Workshops also take place on weekdays in school holidays.
Workshops are a beginning point for MCPs, suggesting novel concepts for later revision and analysis.
Workshops are a combination of lecture, presentation, discussion and hands on learning.
Workshops are a forum for provocative and less-finished ideas.
Workshops are a forum of creativity.
Workshops are a fun and exciting tool for delivering youth development and conservation messages.
Workshops are a good source of professional training.
Workshops are a great way to gather everyone in a more social setting.
Workshops are additional.
Workshops are advance registration only, so please book in advance.
Workshops are affordable, fun and educational.
Workshops are all bookable in advance at a small cost.
Workshops are all day long on each day, call number above for a free schedule.
Workshops are all hands-on.
Workshops are also a feature, the most popular being our Grafting Workshop.
Workshops are also available around the country.
Workshops are also available as an in-service workshop.
Workshops are also available for children and adults.
Workshops are also available for principals and administrators.
Workshops are also available for small groups.
Workshops are also available for special populations, i.e., minorities and non-traditional students.
Workshops are also available for student groups on request.
Workshops are also available in medieval instrumental music, song and singing for dancing.
Workshops are also available in Spanish.
Workshops are also available on how to use the computers and other available services each semester.
Workshops are also available to non-members pending space availability.
Workshops are also available.
Workshops are also open to the public.
Workshops are always about an hour long, and are always free of charge.
Workshops are always close to the potters' homes, or even inside the house, with kilns nearby.
Workshops are always FREE and snacks are provided.
Workshops are an additional fee from all other aerobic passes.
Workshops are an additional fee.
Workshops are an idea for group mentoring.
Workshops are an ideal forum for transferring knowledge to the industrial arena.
Workshops are an important ingredient of our formal instruction time.
Workshops are an important part of the graduate experience.
Workshops are an open format which include a panel discussion and five-minute minipresentations.
Workshops are an opportunity to meet new and interesting people with similar interests.
Workshops are approximately two hours in length, interactive, and activity oriented.
Workshops are at least four and one-half hours in length.
Workshops are available and there is also a video library.
Workshops are available as one and two-day sessions.
Workshops are available at a church or associational level.
Workshops are available for all skill levels.
Workshops are available for assistance with job seeking and job keeping skills.
Workshops are available for both beginning and advanced interests.
Workshops are available for corporate parties, libraries, block parties, street fairs .
Workshops are available for groups only, are free of charge and subject to availability.
Workshops are available for landlords on timely rental issues.
Workshops are available for living centers, classes, departments and other groups.
Workshops are available for organizations and school districts.
Workshops are available for presentation in residence halls and other university settings.
Workshops are available for program directors and residents.
Workshops are available for program leaders.
Workshops are available for sex workers who wish to learn new trades.
Workshops are available for specific courses with different professors.
Workshops are available for students, faculty or staff.
Workshops are available for students, teachers, parents, naturalists and the clergy.
Workshops are available for teachers as well as students.
Workshops are available for teachers.
Workshops are available for wood , metal , plastic , clay modelling and assembly and painting .
Workshops are available for work in stone, metal, clay, wood, and contemporary mediums.
Workshops are available in a variety of areas too.
Workshops are available in all five counties.
Workshops are available in both English and Spanish.
Workshops are available in Camden, Newark, and New Brunswick.
Workshops are available in Western Pennsylvania.
Workshops are available on a regular basis.
Workshops are available on a wide selection of software with a focus on campus standards .
Workshops are available on either the guitar or Latin American music or as an artist in residence.
Workshops are available on legal issues, bookkeeping, marketing and time management.
Workshops are available on numerous topics.
Workshops are available on-site or regionally.
Workshops are available periodically.
Workshops are available throughout each semester.
Workshops are available throughout the year to assist students with pre-employment skills.
Workshops are available to all students throughout the semester.
Workshops are available to any church in the denomination.
Workshops are available to families regardless of geographic location.
Workshops are available to help faculty in both televised and online course development.
Workshops are available to parents, family members, professionals and other interested individuals.
Workshops are available to school districts or individual schools.
Workshops are available to subscribers.
Workshops are available to the general public, educators and state and federal agencies.
Workshops are available upon request and can be performed at the provider's place of business.
Workshops are available upon request.
Workshops are available upon the request of REDBs.
Workshops are available year round and cover a range of topics.
Workshops are available, as well as printed and recorded resources.
Workshops are available.
Workshops are awarded on a first come, first serve basis.
Workshops are booked on a first come, first serve basis.
Workshops are central to our curriculum.
Workshops are compact consulting engagements designed to determine strategic direction.
Workshops are conferences.
Workshops are courses.
Workshops are custom designed for groups.
Workshops are custom designed to the industry.
Workshops are customizable to the needs of the students.
Workshops are demand and market driven to the needs of manufacturers.
Workshops are designed as an interactive forum with focus topics, activities and open discussion.
Workshops are developmental programs that increase student involvement, awareness, and productivity.
Workshops are different from conferences, trainings and seminars.
Workshops are different than meetings.
Workshops are different.
Workshops are each a half a day long.
Workshops are each one hour in length and are usually scheduled late in the afternoon.
Workshops are easy to organize.
Workshops are either half-day or full day in length.
Workshops are either one or two days in duration, and are typically held in the Seattle area.
Workshops are experiential and fun.
Workshops are experiential and participatory in nature.
Workshops are few and far between.
Workshops are five days in length.
Workshops are five days long and are located throughout the United States and Canada.
Workshops are flexible.
Workshops are for adult leaders.
Workshops are for adults only.
Workshops are for adults with or without art experience.
Workshops are for an adult audience, and are free and open to the general public.
Workshops are for both singles and couples.
Workshops are for returning students.
Workshops are for therapists and other health professionals at all levels.
Workshops are for trail builders from non-profit organizations.
Workshops are FREE , but due to limited space, pre-registration is required.
Workshops are free and are designed for people with little or no computing experience.
Workshops are free and are generally held in the Washington, DC area.
Workshops are free and art supplies are included.
Workshops are free and available by pre-registration .
Workshops are free and available only to MSPA members.
Workshops are free and friendly.
Workshops are free and generally offered twice a month.
Workshops are free and no pre-registration is required.
Workshops are free and no registration is required.
Workshops are free and open to all students.
Workshops are free and open to faculty, staff, and currently enrolled students.
Workshops are free and open to students, faculty, staff, and community users.
Workshops are free and open to the entire academic community.
Workshops are free and open to the public, although pre-resgistration is usually required.
Workshops are free and open to the public, but space is limited.
Workshops are free and open to the public.
Workshops are free and participants are reimbursed.
Workshops are FREE and personal On Line tuition is available for a fee.
Workshops are free but do require pre-registration.
Workshops are FREE but limited in number of participants.
Workshops are free but pre-registration is required.
Workshops are free but registration is required .
Workshops are free but registration is required.
Workshops are free of charge and are held at our offices.
Workshops are free of charge for fire and building officials.
Workshops are free of charge to all state employees.
Workshops are free of charge unless otherwise noted.
Workshops are FREE of charge unless specified otherwise.
Workshops are free of charge, however most require pre-enrollment.
Workshops are free of charge.
Workshops are free to all members.
Workshops are free to all students and campus activists.
Workshops are free to all who register.
Workshops are free to international speakers.
Workshops are free to invited schools, and six master plan points are available for each.
Workshops are free to King County teachers.
Workshops are FREE to students and about an hour long.
Workshops are free to students and attendance is voluntary.
Workshops are free to teaching assistants.
Workshops are FREE to the public, with no obligation.
Workshops are free, and open to the public.
Workshops are free, but enrollment is limited.
Workshops are free, but pre-registration is required.
Workshops are free, but seating is limited.
Workshops are free, but space is limited.
Workshops are free, but the number of participants is limited.
Workshops are free.
Workshops are from one, two, three or four 'three-hour' sessions.
Workshops are full day events that occur on either of the first two days before the conference.
Workshops are full.
Workshops are full-day events that occur on either of the first two days of the conference.
Workshops are generally informal, interactive sessions.
Workshops are generally self-paced and allow participants to enter and leave, as they like.
Workshops are generally shorter, meeting only once or twice.
Workshops are good training sources when they are tailored to meet a company's needs.
Workshops are good.
Workshops are graded assignments.
Workshops are hands-on design sessions.
Workshops are highly interactive and encourage a collaborative approach to problem solving .
Workshops are highly interactive to promote cooperation and generate winning attitudes.
Workshops are important to provide also.
Workshops are in single or multiple day format.
Workshops are in two formats.
Workshops are individual as well as group presentations.
Workshops are informal discussions of specific topics.
Workshops are informal in nature and are held on an occasional basis.
Workshops are informal, small groups in which participants can share work with one another.
Workshops are integral, coordinated with the course.
Workshops are intensive sessions covering a wide variety of topics each week.
Workshops are interactive and dynamic, group-based learning experiences.
Workshops are interactive and include participant discussion and problem-solving.
Workshops are interactive, informative, and inspirational and geared towards all members.
Workshops are interesting affairs.
Workshops are lead by upper division science and engineering students.
Workshops are less formal and are typically presented by our own members.
Workshops are library-oriented Weaknesses .
Workshops are limited to hospital staff, students, and faculty only.
Workshops are limited to seven participants and everyone reads and is critiqued every week.
Workshops are limited to ten participants.
Workshops are limited to twelve lawyers.
Workshops are limited to twelve students.
Workshops are lively and interactive.
Workshops are located in basements.
Workshops are located in conferences.
Workshops are mandatory and considered paid time.
Workshops are mandatory before students can apply for any type of off-campus employment.
Workshops are mandatory.
Workshops are more effective if presented in conjunction with a course assignment.
Workshops are more effective if they are tailored to the needs of the customer.
Workshops are most common in the spring and summer months and vary greatly in content.
Workshops are multi-generational and engaging for participants of all ages.
Workshops are normally free.
Workshops are normally three hours long and require no written paper.
Workshops are now available in Hawaii .
Workshops are now for members only.
Workshops are often available at school for free and self-help books are plentiful.
Workshops are often seasonal and provide an in-state theme with one or several related sessions.
Workshops are on a first-come, first serve basis.
Workshops are one hour long.
Workshops are one to three hours in length.
Workshops are one-day.
Workshops are one-hour in length.
Workshops are ongoing and are open to all students.
Workshops are ongoing.
Workshops are only one way to provide staff development.
Workshops are open for both members and non-members of our organization.
Workshops are open for customers as well as partners.
Workshops are open to academic and support staff unless otherwise stated.
Workshops are open to all attendees.
Workshops are open to all district staff.
Workshops are open to all educators countywide.
Workshops are open to all educators.
Workshops are open to all faculty and staff.
Workshops are open to all health professionals.
Workshops are open to all high school juniors and seniors in Allegheny County.
Workshops are open to all interested teachers.
Workshops are open to all majors and offered throughout the semester.
Workshops are open to all students in grades as indicated.
Workshops are open to all students who have enrolled in an online course.
Workshops are open to all students, but enrollment is limited.
Workshops are open to all students.
Workshops are open to all.
Workshops are open to any researcher in the field.
Workshops are open to any student interested in transfer information.
Workshops are open to any teen that is interested and free food is available at the training.
Workshops are open to anyone wanting to expand their knowledge and skills of the subject matter.
Workshops are open to beaders of all skill levels, and materials are always included.
Workshops are open to campus and student employees and their spouses and domestic partners.
Workshops are open to dancers in their teens and adults.
Workshops are open to doll artists and to the general public.
Workshops are open to everyone.
Workshops are open to extended families and siblings, grandparents, aunts, uncles, and caregivers.
Workshops are open to faculty and staff, and to students on a space available basis.
Workshops are open to faculty and staff.
Workshops are open to faculty members only.
Workshops are open to full-time teachers in public or private schools throughout Tennessee.
Workshops are open to girls and boys.
Workshops are open to Hampshire students, faculty, and staff.
Workshops are open to hourly, salaried and professional staff and faculty.
Workshops are open to many skill levels, and preregistration is required.
Workshops are open to members and non-members, as space permits.
Workshops are open to members and volunteers.
Workshops are open to members only.
Workshops are open to photographers of all skill levels.
Workshops are open to the entire university community.
Workshops are open to the general public.
Workshops are open to the public and free of charge.
Workshops are open to the public at reduced rates or free of charge.
Workshops are open to the public free of charge.
Workshops are open to the public, and anyone can attend.
Workshops are open to the public, and no sign-up is required.
Workshops are optional.
Workshops are organised for project leaders.
Workshops are over.
Workshops are plentiful and the choices are many.
Workshops are preferred, however, for topics about which people know little or nothing.
Workshops are priced to charge modest fees, so they are a very good value for quality advice.
Workshops are private, confidential, and unofficial.
Workshops are probably the single most effective tool in transferring dynamic knowledge.
Workshops are provided by appointment only, so please call or send e-mail to arrange for attendance.
Workshops are rapid paced with hands-on activities.
Workshops are regularly available.
Workshops are relatively expensive to conduct.
Workshops are scheduled as time and space allow.
Workshops are scheduled, check the training schedule for specifics.
Workshops are short scenarios that pose a problem with a range of possible solutions.
Workshops are six hours long.
Workshops are small and inexpensive, yet maintain a high standard of instruction.
Workshops are small and personal, and take place in a family atmosphere.
Workshops are small enough that professors can offer individual attention to each student.
Workshops are small, informal and fun.
Workshops are smaller, shorter, and more specialised than symposia.
Workshops are sometimes available.
Workshops are subject to availability.
Workshops are subject to cancellation in cases of low enrollment.
Workshops are subject to cancellation without a minimum of ten registrants.
Workshops are subject to change from year to year.
Workshops are suitable for all levels of Internet proficiency.
Workshops are suitable for middle or high school science teachers.
Workshops are team taught by one writer and one teacher.
Workshops are team taught by teachers and writers.
Workshops are the most popular adult programming activity offered in the program.
Workshops are the primary professional development method.
Workshops are then custom-designed to the specific needs and objectives of the organization.
Workshops are three hours long.
Workshops are three hours, twice a week.
Workshops are three-hour introductions to various topics.
Workshops are ticketed events and generally have limited enrollments.
Workshops are to be experiential in nature and delivered by accredited institution organizations.
Workshops are to be self-supporting.
Workshops are two hours in length.
Workshops are two hours long .
Workshops are two hours long.
Workshops are typically small offering the chance for considerable interaction between participants.
Workshops are useful techniques for beginning a negotiation.
Workshops are usually a single session and can be one or two hours.
Workshops are usually on saturdays.
Workshops are usually one day long and as a rule are conducted at weekends.
Workshops are usually two hours and offer a basic introduction to culinary and medicinal herbs.
Workshops are very important to some patrons who attend.
Workshops are very popular and fill quickly.
Workshops are voluntary but are highly recommended for project coordinators and treasurers.
Workshops are wheelchair accessible.
Workshops are workplaces.
Workshops are workshops for informal discussions or presentations around a narrow topic.
Workshops Be creative and try a bit of space craft with our make and take workshops.
Workshops become fewer and fewer.
Workshops begin at appointed time.
Workshops begin at least once a month, and serve both English and non-English speakers.
Workshops begin promptly at the time stated.
Workshops begin promptly at their scheduled start time.
Workshops begin promptly on the hour.
Workshops begin promptly.
Workshops book up early during prime times of the year.
Workshops bring diverse groups of people together through the art of dance making.
Workshops bring together both lawyers and non-lawyers .
Workshops build on some of the work done in previous camps, and introduce some new topics as well.
Workshops call for availability.
Workshops Call for Papers.
Workshops can also help define a baseline and identify key players and organizations.
Workshops can be a good way to kick-start a period of MSc renewal.
Workshops can be a joint effort of both the intramural and extramural communities.
Workshops can be as brief as one hour or as long as one day.
Workshops can be as short as half a day or as long as five days or more.
Workshops can be as valuable as a credit course.
Workshops can be between a half day and full day duration.
Workshops can be custom-designed according to the needs of the institution.
Workshops can be half a day or a full day in length.
Workshops can be of any combination of private or group lessons.
Workshops can be of two different types.
Workshops can be on a research or applied topic.
Workshops can be one day or up to five days.
Workshops can be one hour, half day, or an all day event.
Workshops can be paper or hands-on.
Workshops can be up to five days long.
Workshops can benefit greatly from guest speakers or video productions.
Workshops can cover a range of topics, from general interest to very specific and focused.
Workshops can cover many subjects of interest to teens.
Workshops can culminate in performances for other classes or in a larger performance setting.
Workshops can focus on a specific topic, for example, developing outdoor classrooms.
Workshops can focus on one building or a planned development.
Workshops can focus on research or applied topics.
Workshops can last from an hour to a half-day, and are customized to fit the class's needs.
Workshops can provide the sanctioning and structure to discuss and develop self-care plans.
Workshops can range from a few weeks in duration, to ongoing weekly sessions.
Workshops can range from a one day event, to weekly classes, to an entire weekend.
Workshops can range from one day to several weeks.
Workshops can run a half-day or longer.
Workshops can serve an important function for the project.
Workshops can serve as an introduction to the Technique.
Workshops can serve as the first step in planning books and articles.
Workshops can take place spontaneously, the organisation remain simple.
Workshops can vary in length and material can be selected for beginning to advanced dancers.
Workshops can vary in length from one hour to five hours.
Workshops carrying graduate-level credit go on to the Graduate Dean.
Workshops cater to beginners as well as professionals.
Workshops change quarter by quarter and for more information please see the workshop schedule .
Workshops collecting industrial experiences are particularly welcome.
Workshops combine theoretical and experiential approaches to a particular area.
Workshops combine theoretical and experiential approaches.
Workshops come with sterling virtues and yawning pitfalls.
Workshops complement the online component and are customised to client needs.
Workshops consist of lecture, group discussion, journal exercises, and activities.
Workshops consist of morning instruction followed by lunch at the site.
Workshops consist of morning lectures and afternoon laboratory courses.
Workshops consist of morning tours of facilities and afternoon classroom activities.
Workshops consist of several presentations or open discussions on a specific subject.
Workshops consist of teaching dances with authentic styling techniques unique to specific regions.
Workshops contain a desktop environment and text chat, there is no audio.
Workshops count as one counseling session.
Workshops cover a variety of natural science themes.
Workshops cover a variety of subjects from health and history to discussion of local landmarks.
Workshops cover a variety of topics ranging from pronunciation to thesis writing.
Workshops cover a variety of topics.
Workshops cover an infinite range of topics.
Workshops cover basics of yard debris composting, bin design, worm bins and troubleshooting.
Workshops cover booktalking techniques and suggestions for use.
Workshops cover everything from voter targeting to fundraising to election-day activities.
Workshops cover job search strategies, resume and cover letter writing, and interview preparation.
Workshops cover letter-writing, public speaking and lobbying.
Workshops cover many topics, seeking to increase awareness of rehabilitation medicine.
Workshops cover materials suitable for elementary, middle and high school grade levels.
Workshops cover mentoring and serving as a role model.
Workshops cover science and technology subjects related to water, energy and environmental issues.
Workshops cover technical support, operations and instructional integration.
Workshops cover the full spectrum of librarianship.
Workshops cover topics from on-line teaching to outcomes assessment and service learning.
Workshops create synergy between fellow farmers, extension officers and consultants.
Workshops dates times and locations are available here in pdf format.
Workshops deal with research-based approaches to help students write and solve math word problems.
Workshops deal with topics in the broader areas of educational and interdisciplinary studies.
Workshops dealing with computer technologies are always in demand and several are offered.
Workshops designed for a specific client include an additional charge for content creation.
Workshops designed for supervisors focus on skills to take a neutral role in a conflict.
Workshops develop action plans to improve quality and productivity and reduce costs.
Workshops differ from conferences.
Workshops emphasize Christian reconciliation and forgiveness.
Workshops emphasize geography content and incorporate hands-on activities.
Workshops emphasize interpretation of pharmacologic data and patient-oriented problem solving.
Workshops emphasize principles of ventilation along with winter and summer ventilation strategies.
Workshops enable effective coverage of important teaching elements.
Workshops encourage balanced viewing time and viewing actively.
Workshops encourage productivity.
Workshops end with practical discussions around strategy and movement building.
Workshops end with practical discussions around strategy and movement-building.
Workshops engage participants as active partners in the learning and change process.
Workshops engage students, maintain their interest and provide opportunities for critical thinking.
Workshops enhanced with Web pages combine teaching training with technology training.
Workshops explain aspects of essay writing, oral presentations and research writing.
Workshops explore grassroots civic education techniques and organizational development skills.
Workshops feature an in-depth look at current issues facing public transportation.
Workshops feature birth and adoptive parents who share emotions and personal experiences.
Workshops fill quickly.
Workshops fill up early so please register in advance.
Workshops fill up fast, so register early.
Workshops fill up quickly and enrollment is taken on a first come, first serve basis.
Workshops fill up quickly.
Workshops fit conveniently into busy schedules.
Workshops focus on all aspects of improving writing skills and the publishing world.
Workshops focus on bringing characters to life through puppetry performance techniques.
Workshops focus on different aspects of the adoptive experience.
Workshops focus on district goals.
Workshops focus on empowerment, awareness, and problem-solving.
Workshops focus on garden design and maintenance, herbal uses and propagation.
Workshops focus on getting started, fundraising, and gardening with native plants and site design.
Workshops focus on intentions and pedagogic strategies.
Workshops focus on issues of community building, diversity, and moral development.
Workshops focus on issues.
Workshops focus on long-term care, home care, the special needs of older patients, and other topics.
Workshops focus on materials management problem solving and emphasize peer interaction.
Workshops focus on problem solving and developing critical thinking skills.
Workshops focus on processes at the individual, group and organisational level.
Workshops focus on science, health, nutrition, arts, ecology, concerts, theater and art exhibitions.
Workshops focus on self-awareness, career life development, stress management, and other topics.
Workshops focus on skill and art history, while introducing possible careers in the arts.
Workshops focus on specific areas of writing or student writing at different grade levels.
Workshops focus on story sharing techniques and reading readiness.
Workshops focus on teaching traditional African rhythms, song, and dance.
Workshops focus on technical and financial information, mentoring and development of member base.
Workshops focus on the fundamental skills of a specific outdoor activity.
Workshops focus on the students current writing assignments.
Workshops focus on the use of specific technology tools.
Workshops focus on theoretical and practical aspects of growing and quantifying biofilms.
Workshops focus on topics related to biodiversity and involve local scientists.
Workshops focus on vocal technique as well as song interpretation.
Workshops focus on wildlife and trees.
Workshops follow in the campus center.
Workshops follow the general discussion.
Workshops Following is the current workshop schedule.
Workshops generally exclude funding for for-profit enterprises and for personal welfare assistance.
Workshops generally last a few hours and are offered several times a month.
Workshops generally last an hour or two, and focus on one specific project or theme.
Workshops give campers a chance to explore and try new things.
Workshops give participants hands-on training.
Workshops give volunteers the practice, strategies, and confidence needed to read with children.
Workshops go under a very limited review.
Workshops grant one to four hours of graduate credit.
Workshops have (part) bases.
Workshops have (part) ceilings.
Workshops have (part) class periods.
Workshops have (part) floors.
Workshops have (part) homework.
Workshops have (part) lecture demonstrations.
Workshops have (part) lessons.
Workshops have (part) locker rooms.
Workshops have (part) lockers.
Workshops have (part) prep.
Workshops have (part) room light.
Workshops have (part) sections.
Workshops have (part) walls.
Workshops have a more practical basis.
Workshops have different forms e.g. informal workshops.
Workshops have enrollment limits.
Workshops have goals.
Workshops have minimum and maximum numbers of participants.
Workshops have speakers on various topics, including substance abuse.
Workshops have technicians.
Workshops have the same schedule.
Workshops held during the summer tend to be more intensive due to time availability.
Workshops help add to a students academic, career, and personal improvement knowledge.
Workshops help at least monthly.
Workshops help doctors understand how it feels to be overweight.
Workshops help participants and leaders practice non-violent conflict resolution skills.
Workshops help students make connections with concepts presented in lecture.
Workshops help students prepare and present research.
Workshops here are small, and the student-teacher relationship is close.
Workshops include participants.
Workshops introducing stress management and self-esteem skills are also available to participants.
Workshops investigate electronic trade in Arab region.
Workshops invite educators out into the field to see and experience the Refuge.
Workshops involve both large group and small group sessions.
Workshops involve formal presentation with a variable number of presenters.
Workshops involve researchers from governent labs, universities and industry.
Workshops lasting six weeks emphasize personal development.
Workshops listed here are free unless otherwise noted.
Workshops listed here are ones that recur on a fairly consistent basis.
Workshops listed here are open for anyone to attend unless specifically noted otherwise.
Workshops Lists the workshops currently available.
Workshops Locate a workshop with the on-line calendar .
Workshops meet during the summer.
Workshops meet each month.
Workshops meet once a week for two hours.
Workshops meet once each month.
Workshops meet weekly for two hours and are scheduled in both the daytime and evening.
Workshops meeting for three hours or more are credit workshops.
Workshops meets for six weeks, two hours each meeting.
Workshops motivate teachers to further develop curriculum projects in the collaboratory.
Workshops occur as discrete episodes of learning.
Workshops occur in class, along with supplemental readings and film highlights.
Workshops offer a chance to focus on a special exhibition or specific area of the collection.
Workshops offer a number of benefits.
Workshops offer an informal environment for focused group discussion and learning.
Workshops offer assistance in resume writing, interviewing techniques and job-seeking strategies.
Workshops offer both didactic and experiential emphasis.
Workshops offer flexibility of timing, location, and content.
Workshops offer help in early career planning and career development.
Workshops offer resources.
Workshops offer specialized instruction for faculty, staff, and students.
Workshops offer technical information on current trends and developments in the industry.
Workshops offer the opportunity for in-depth exploration of selected topics.
Workshops offer the opportunity to meet in small groups to discuss a variety of issues with experts.
Workshops offer tips and tricks using art software tools.
Workshops offered include.
Workshops outlines three of our more popular workshop options.
Workshops play an important role in order to stimulate lively discussions between the participants.
Workshops present short management scenarios with a choice of possible solutions.
Workshops present short problems and a range of possible solutions.
Workshops promote the recognition process.
Workshops provide a basic knowledge of the program.
Workshops provide a forum for wider interaction with the information services market players.
Workshops provide a hands-on opportunity to look at a topic in more depth.
Workshops provide a supportive atmosphere for attitudes to change.
Workshops provide a two-hour forum for sharing of information and skills.
Workshops provide ample time for practice, and videotape feedback is available, if desired.
Workshops provide an environment for expressing and exchanging views.
Workshops provide an opportunity to focus on a particular topic in depth.
Workshops provide breakout information in an intimate learning environment.
Workshops provide extended time to explore a topic of wide interest.
Workshops provide extensive opportunities to practice what is learned.
Workshops provide focus and duration.
Workshops provide for the design and construction of instruments and other field equipment.
Workshops provide hands-on experience in scene design, costume design, and lighting design.
Workshops provide hands-on laboratory experience with a wide variety of gases.
Workshops provide hands-on opportunities to participate in laboratory and field activities.
Workshops provide in-depth coverage of a contemporary topic of interest to a computing educator.
Workshops provide information on successful approaches and application procedures.
Workshops provide invaluable opportunities for creative and professional development.
Workshops provide members with hands-on experience in specific diving subjects.
Workshops provide more in-depth instruction, often consisting of two or three classes within a week.
Workshops provide opportunities to identify and practice leadership skills.
Workshops provide opportunities to practice what is learned.
Workshops provide participants.
Workshops provide program materials and the use of demonstration equipment.
Workshops provide support for research.
Workshops provide the opportunity to share ideas, provide support, and get advice from colleagues.
Workshops provide tips on songwriting, banjo, guitar, dulcimer, autoharp and harmonica.
Workshops provide training in integration of technology into instruction.
Workshops provide training on the assessment of riparian health.
Workshops provide twenty hours of training in the mediation process.
Workshops provides advanced technical information to the members.
Workshops providing practical and theological information are avai lable on request.
Workshops range from arts and crafts to hikes to drumming.
Workshops range from basic computer literacy to advance web design and development.
Workshops range from one hour to two days.
Workshops range from one to five days in length, are non-residential, and are held during weekdays.
Workshops range from one-half day to several days depending on the subject.
Workshops range from photography to engineering to environmental science to theater.
Workshops range from primitive rhythmic percussion to computer-enhanced composition.
Workshops range from two to ten days and offer credit ranging from two to five hours.
Workshops ranging from one day to one year take place through ION and collaborating institutions.
Workshops relate art that is on exhibit in the museum to hands-on techniques.
Workshops repeat on a rotating basis.
Workshops report new and formative ideas.
Workshops reporting on industrial experiences are particularly welcome.
Workshops require a conference fee.
Workshops require a small fee and snacks are provided.
Workshops require additional registration.
Workshops require advance registration and a modest fee when indicated.
Workshops require advance registration.
Workshops require an additional payment and registration.
Workshops require an additional preregistration fee.
Workshops require an additional registration fee.
Workshops require an extra enrollment fee and have limited seating.
Workshops require no preregistration.
Workshops require preregistration from participants.
Workshops require preregistration.
Workshops require pre-registration.
Workshops run about one and one-half hours in length.
Workshops run according to demand.
Workshops run all over the world.
Workshops run approximately one hour.
Workshops run concurrently.
Workshops run each season.
Workshops run for approximately three hours.
Workshops run for several weeks at a time and vary.
Workshops run rain or shine.
Workshops scheduled for CSU faculty and staff members provide for a wide range of user experience.
Workshops See the calendar for workshops being held.
Workshops seem to be specializing more and more.
Workshops seem to be wonderful in the classroom.
Workshops sell out, so reserve early.
Workshops serve a more internal function of providing a forum for review of research in progress.
Workshops serve as a forum for exchanging late breaking ideas and theories in an evolutionary stage.
Workshops Sign up today for our workshops on interviewing, resume and job search skills.
Workshops span a wide range of topics of interest.
Workshops staffed by volunteers provide live snake demonstrations and other activities.
Workshops start about every two months.
Workshops start and end on time, so please be prompt.
Workshops start and end on time.
Workshops start on time.
Workshops start promptly at the listed times.
Workshops stimulate and develop writers, but they are a great deal of work.
Workshops strive for practical lessons Where to now .
Workshops survive by thriving in a changing world.
Workshops tailored to local school needs are also available upon request.
Workshops tailored to specific agency needs are also available.
Workshops take focus and patience.
Workshops take patience and focus.
Workshops take place during the day.
Workshops take place in an environment relevant to the product field.
Workshops take place in our fully equipped theatre.
Workshops take place prior to the main conference.
Workshops target different grades, but all grade level teachers are invited to attend.
Workshops teach businesses how to design and implement their own workplace training programs.
Workshops teach communication and interviewing skills.
Workshops teach growers from Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont.
Workshops teach parents how to supplement their children's school experiences at home.
Workshops teach students to prepare resumes and develop interviewing skills.
Workshops tend to be very active physically.
Workshops tend to focus on enhancing some skill or knowledge.
Workshops tend to the cutesy.
Workshops There are two transportation options.
Workshops There exist the possibility to organize workshops along with the conference.
Workshops train parishioners to do an invitational ministry.
Workshops typically focus on small business ownership as a career alternative.
Workshops typically meet six to ten times per semester.
Workshops typically span three to five days.
Workshops use hands-on methods of instruction.
Workshops use improvisational games to teach spontaneity, trust and communication.
Workshops use minimal sets, props and costumes.
Workshops use music, story and role play to bring history alive.
Workshops utilize video and the Internet and graduate credit is available.
Workshops vary by state.
Workshops vary from teaching computer or study skills, to time management and resume writing.
Workshops vary from teaching computer or study skills, to time management, and resume writing.
Workshops vary from year to year.
Workshops vary in length and are usually on weekends.
Workshops vary in length and can run anywhere from one to three hours.
Workshops vary in length and cost from one day to six days.
Workshops vary in length and intensity.
Workshops vary in length from a half day to a week.
Workshops vary in length from one- half day to two full days.
Workshops vary in length from one hour to one and a half hours.
Workshops View the currently scheduled workshops.
Workshops always feature presentations by community leaders.
Workshops always involve groups of people.
Workshops often call for performance and endurance beyond what the students are prepared for.
Workshops often fill before deadlines.
Workshops often fill quickly, so it is advisable to register early.
Workshops often focus on satisfying Maryland's mandated goals.
Workshops often follow the main meeting for an additional one to two hours.
Workshops usually incorporate demonstration with a hands-on experience.
Workshops usually last one hour.
Workshops usually run in a series of eight two hour sessions after school at two weeks intervals.
Workshops usually span about five-six weeks.
All workshops are a full two hours and require an advance scheduled appointment.
All workshops are adaptable to suit wide age and ability ranges.
All workshops are also subject to cancellation without notice.
All workshops are approximately one hour and fifteen minutes in length.
All workshops are approximately one hour in length.
All workshops are approximately one hour, unless otherwise stated.
All workshops are available in English, Spanish, and Portuguese.
All workshops are available in Spanish and English at several regional locations.
All workshops are available on a first-come basis and have limited seating availability.
All workshops are by invitation only.
All workshops are closed to the media .
All workshops are closed to the public.
All workshops are dependent on instructor availability.
All workshops are enrollment-driven and have received positive evaluations from participants.
All workshops are fee-based with limited space available.
All workshops are for adults only, unless otherwise specified.
All workshops are four days.
All workshops are free and are open to everyone.
All workshops are free and hands- on.
All workshops are free and hands-on.
All workshops are free and include free take-home materials for participants .
All workshops are free and no registration is required.
All workshops are free and open to all students and alumni on a walk-in basis.
All workshops are free and open to anyone interested.
All workshops are free and open to everyone in the community.
All workshops are free and open to everyone.
All workshops are free and open to students.
All workshops are free and open to the entire campus community.
All workshops are free and open to the public.
All workshops are free and provide hands-on practice.
All workshops are free of charge and include all materials.
All workshops are free of charge and open to both women and men.
All workshops are free of charge to graduate students.
All workshops are free of charge unless indicated otherwise.
All workshops are free of charge.
All workshops are FREE of charge.
All workshops are free to teachers.
All workshops are FREE to the public.
All workshops are free, and are offered in a number of locations.
All workshops are free, and for faculty only .
All workshops are free, and last approximately one hour.
All workshops are free, but do require on-site registration.
All workshops are free, but please register early.
All workshops are free, but space is limited, so preregistration is encouraged.
All workshops are free, but space is limited.
All workshops are free, with materials provided.
All workshops are free.
All workshops are full or half day presentations for school staff or teams.
All workshops are full-day activities.
All workshops are generic and anyone can attend.
All workshops are hands-on and on site at the stated locations .
All workshops are hands-on and on site at the stated locations.
All workshops are hands-on experiences.
All workshops are hands-on practices, conducted in small groups.
All workshops are hands-on.
All workshops are highly interactive.
All workshops are identical.
All workshops are interactive and encourage group participation.
All workshops are limited to ten students due to constraints.
All workshops are no fee.
All workshops are noncredit.
All workshops are non-judgemental and confidential.
All workshops are now full.
All workshops are one day events unless otherwise stated.
All workshops are one hour in length and require advanced registration.
All workshops are one hour in length unless otherwise noted.
All workshops are one hour in length.
All workshops are one hour long.
All workshops are one hour.
All workshops are open and free to faculty, staff, and GTAs.
All workshops are open and free to the campus community.
All workshops are open and free to the public.
All workshops are open audience projects.
All workshops are open to all people.
All workshops are open to alumni.
All workshops are open to any flutist.
All workshops are open to any individual or group that is interested.
All workshops are open to faculty and staff, the latter on a space-available basis.
All workshops are open to faculty and staff.
All workshops are open to faculty and support staff.
All workshops are open to graduate students and other interested students, free of charge.
All workshops are open to interested educators.
All workshops are open to members and non-members.
All workshops are open to students and community members and are free of charge.
All workshops are open to students with special needs, and are wheelchair accessible.
All workshops are open to students, faculty and staff.
All workshops are open to the public and are noticed in the local newspapers.
All workshops are open to the public and to neighboring communities.
All workshops are open to the public, unless otherwise noted.
All workshops are open to the public.
All workshops are optional, and all are followed by examinations for certification.
All workshops are physically accessible.
All workshops are practical production efforts.
All workshops are progressive in nature and require enrollment at the beginning of the sessions.
All workshops are review courses to facilitate successful certification exam preparation.
All workshops are subject to cancellation for insufficient enrollment.
All workshops are subject to change without notice.
All workshops are subject to change.
All workshops are subject to sufficient enrollments.
All workshops are suitable for inclusion in an introductory biology laboratory sequence.
All workshops are temporarily on waiting lists while scholarships are finalized.
All workshops are to be presented in English.
All workshops are two hours long.
All workshops are two hours.
All workshops begin at noon and last about an hour.
All workshops begin on time.
All workshops begin promptly at the time stated.
All workshops begin with a fun demonstration of the specific techniques involved.
All workshops can be for one, two, three or more days.
All workshops come with preparation material and an experienced crew of media specialists.
All workshops continue to be available as inhouse offerings .
All workshops cover the most recent areas.
All workshops cover the same content.
All workshops culminate with summation and evaluation.
All workshops emphasize current conservation management practices and hands-on learning.
All workshops encourage interactive approaches to exploring environments and come with a manual.
All workshops feature presentations, demonstrations and individual instruction.
All workshops give children hands-on participation that enhances their learning potential.
All workshops have a assignments.
All workshops have a balance of plenary presentations and case study sessions.
All workshops have an instructors guide and basic presentation outline.
All workshops have limited enrollment.
All workshops have limited enrolment.
All workshops have limited space available and are offered at no charge.
All workshops have practical application in the pool.
All workshops have the same submssion deadlines, which are given below.
All workshops honor the wisdom of the body and the experience of each individual.
All workshops involve active participation by the learners.
All workshops involve hands on exercises.
All workshops meet one afternoon or evening for five weeks unless stated otherwise.
All workshops provide take home materials.
All workshops qualify for CPDUs.
All workshops require a computer lab with direct Internet access.
All workshops require additional registration fees as noted in the descriptions.
All workshops require advance registration.
All workshops require full participation.
All workshops require pre-registration.
All workshops require reservations.
All workshops respect the individual process of participants.
All workshops run concurrently.
All workshops run for two weekends.
All workshops run three hours.
All workshops support the conference theme.
All workshops use recycled materials and many scrap gurus are on hand to help.
Every workshop finishes with a traditional feast.
Every workshop has an internetpage.
Every workshop has two main organizers, one each from the mathematical and biological sciences.
Every workshop includes one evening campfire and a picnic dinner.
Every workshop is customized to link to specific learning and desired outcomes.
Every workshop is evaluated and participant insights are solicited.
Every workshop is full-time, with classes or shooting organized nearly every day of the week.
Every workshop is offered at various times throughout the semester.
Every workshop needs flashlights and work lights.
Every workshop starts with a symposium where a number of speakers introduce and outline the topic.
Many workshops are also available.
Many workshops are available on videotape.
Many workshops are available throughout the semester to aid students with academic problems.
Many workshops are available, such as dining and business etiquette and resume writing.
Many workshops are currently full.
Many workshops are free, others at reasonable cost.
Many workshops are multidisciplinary.
Many workshops fill quickly.
Many workshops have limited attendance.
Many workshops have limited seating.
Many workshops have prerequisites.
Many workshops involve partnering with art, language arts, science or social studies teachers.
Many workshops take place in the gallery.
More workshops are available in our magazine.
More workshops are to be acknowledged.
Most workshops are drop-in and all are free.
Most workshops are free and open to the public on a first come first served basis.
Most workshops are free and open to the public.
Most workshops are hands on, with lecture being done at cliff side.
Most workshops are hands-on experiences.
Most workshops are hands-on, with each person at a computer.
Most workshops are one week long.
Most workshops are open to persons from outside the host church.
Most workshops are popular and fill quickly.
Most workshops are small in size.
Most workshops assume some knowledge of computers.
Most workshops currently focus on Web authoring and scanning in response to faculty demand.
Most workshops destroy the printing surface after the edition is printed.
Most workshops emphasize writing here rather than manuscript review.
Most workshops feature hands-on arts experiences.
Most workshops focus on issues.
Most workshops focus upon women's issues.
Most workshops given on weekends are in early childhood education and child development.
Most workshops have a limited number of participants.
Most workshops have a science focus, although they are cross-curricular.
Most workshops have enrollment limitations.
Most workshops have goals.
Most workshops have item for sale.
Most workshops have technicians.
Most workshops held here require advance registration directly with the facilitator.
Most workshops last four to five days.
Most workshops offer graduate credit to participants who complete course requirements.
Most workshops offer hands-on practice.
Most workshops offer nursing contact hours.
Most workshops offer one or more exciting field trips.
Most workshops offer resources.
Most workshops offer two full days of college-level instruction with noted authorities.
Most workshops provide eight hours of instruction each.
Most workshops provide participants.
Most workshops require advance sign-ups.
Most workshops require some advance registration.
Most workshops require that participants complete self-assessment questionnaires in advance.
Most workshops take place after school and in the summer.
Most workshops take place on campus unless otherwise specified.
Some workshops accept hundreds of participants.
Some workshops allow the participant to bring their own materials.
Some workshops already have computer systems as well as access to the Internet.
Some workshops also have a small fee for materials, as noted in the description.
Some workshops are a fee-based service.
Some workshops are able to accommodate a limited number of participants.
Some workshops are activitiy classes and others are lecture style.
Some workshops are also available on-line and on video tapes available in our office.
Some workshops are available on audio or video tape.
Some workshops are available on videotape.
Some workshops are campus wide and open to all students.
Some workshops are for people with disability only, to ensure they have a strong voice.
Some workshops are for women only, some for men, and others are open to men and women together.
Some workshops are free and some are available for a nominal fee.
Some workshops are good at obtaining work.
Some workshops are less costly and are individually priced.
Some workshops are limited only to invited atendance.
Some workshops are no longer available.
Some workshops are repeats of old favourites, while others are a bit different.
Some workshops attract experts.
Some workshops attract international experts.
Some workshops call for additional sample files to use in lab exercises.
Some workshops carry an additional fee for materials.
Some workshops carry an additional fee.
Some workshops consist mostly of indoor classroom seminars.
Some workshops cover follow topics.
Some workshops cover topics.
Some workshops do have limits on the number of participants.
Some workshops do sell out and mailing delays processing by more than a week.
Some workshops even offer the opportunity to make priceless recordings of living masters.
Some workshops even offer training in certain photographic special effects.
Some workshops fill early.
Some workshops focus on a topic rather than a n age group.
Some workshops focus on landscapes.
Some workshops focus on life skills.
Some workshops focus on skills.
Some workshops happend out of doors.
Some workshops have a small fee for material, as noted in the description.
Some workshops have a small fee.
Some workshops have additional fees.
Some workshops have additional lab fees, which are stated in the course descriptions.
Some workshops have additional lab fees.
Some workshops have additional sponsorship as listed.
Some workshops have limited seating and are by pre-invitation only.
Some workshops have limited space and specific age requirements.
Some workshops have limited spaces remaining.
Some workshops have pre-requisite requirements.
Some workshops have prerequisites.
Some workshops have small materials fees that are payable the day of the event.
Some workshops help energy.
Some workshops incorporate several techniques and are listed in more than one category.
Some workshops invite papers and some have open solicitation.
Some workshops involve oral histories.
Some workshops list two prices.
Some workshops listed below have more detailed information.
Some workshops only talk about ways to balance priorities and manage stress.
Some workshops produce their own products.
Some workshops provide additional opportunity.
Some workshops provide all the instruction outdoors, in the field.
Some workshops provide opportunity.
Some workshops require materials and models fees, as noted in the class descriptions.
Some workshops require pre-registration or counselor referral.
Some workshops require previous experience.
Some workshops require specialist supplies for which there is a small supplementary charge.
Some workshops review constitutional issues relevant to criminal investigations.
Workspace continues to be an issue for our employees.
Workspace is space
Workspace is space.
Workspace objects that can be found in the listing of a folder.
Workspace scrolls automatically when dragging items.
Workspaces are a fundamental structure for creating a knowledge center.
Workspaces are areas on the screen where applications are run to accomplish some task.
Workspaces are no longer possible of being wiped out when opening and closing files.
Workspaces are shared areas, hence they are to be kept tidy.
WorkSpaces can set up an employee for a reasonable cost .
WorkSpaces -Ergonomic home office furniture.
All workspace is handled by the subprograms.
Every workspace gets a unique name and a description.
A workstation is a digital computer
Workstation Based The backup system is installed in a workstation.
Workstation consoles Respect the resources of workstations located in public labs.
Workstation have SCSI ports.
Workstation includes a color printer.
Workstation interacts badly with host CD-ROM autorun .
Workstation is a computer client that can access data and program in the server computer.
Workstation is a minicomputer or mainframe computer that is small enough to fit on a desktop.
Workstation is dumb terminal.
Workstation is for a network setup.
Workstation lock down.
Workstation only reads the disk.
Workstation operating environments and hardware are also very predictable and well understood.
Workstation removes itself from registry.
Workstation sees that it is the destination for the message.
Workstation shows itself and the server.
Workstation uses unique build numbers for each product release.
Workstation works with existing boot managers installed on the computer system.
Workstations are a great example.
Workstations are artifacts.
Workstations are available for accessing electronic government information.
Workstations are available for image analysis and numerical modelling.
Workstations are available for reference, word processing, and child-oriented software.
Workstations are available in each library location.
Workstations are available on a twenty-four hour basis across campus.
Workstations are available to registered users on a first come-first served basis.
Workstations are available up until one half hour before closing time.
Workstations are clients.
Workstations are computers that are bigger than micros and have the power of mainframes.
Workstations are digital computers.
Workstations are ergonomic and flooded with natural light.
Workstations are for class assignments only.
Workstations are for in library use only.
Workstations are for land-lubbers and tavern wenches.
Workstations are largely dataless.
Workstations are L-shaped, with keyboards located in the corners to maximize space usage.
Workstations are more powerful versions of personal computers.
Workstations are more than just computers.
Workstations are never to be turned off or moved, except if repair by the Titan Help Desk is needed.
Workstations are of various manufacturers.
Workstations are reasonably comfortable.
Workstations are self-sufficient.
Workstations are single-user computer systems.
Workstations can access data from all the jetties on the system.
Workstations can also have protection for emails at the desktop.
Workstations can only perform services for the user currently at that machine.
Workstations come with extensive wire management troughs and access holes.
Workstations connect directly with other workstations to exchange information.
Workstations deliver powerful performance for a range of business needs.
Workstations equipped with the latest software and Internet access are also available.
Workstations feature customized panel dividers with systems furniture.
Workstations feature European hardware.
Workstations give students access to electronic databases, the electronic catalog and the Internet.
Workstations have a different functionality at night.
Workstations have a window so every team member can enjoy views of the river and landscaping.
Workstations have access to shared resources such as printers, file servers, and CD-ROM servers.
Workstations have cycles to burn.
Workstations have one or two processors, servers are available with four, and clusters have more.
Workstations offer no room for consultation or relaxation, however.
Workstations offer several hardware and software adaptations for a variety of disabilities.
Workstations provide access to the library book catalog , periodical databases, and the Internet.
Workstations provide literacy related instruction and activities.
Workstations require no special customization or security monitoring.
Workstations share the same cable for the sending and receiving of information.
Workstations vary in sizes, finishes, components, and degree of enclosure.
Workstations vary on the amount of shared memory they allow.
Workstations usually have at least two processors, while servers often have four or more.
All workstations are available on a walk-in, first come, first serve basis.
All workstations are ESD safe and when seated wrist straps are used.
All workstations are modern and designed for speed and ease.
All workstations are multimedia capable and are networked with Internet and e-mail access.
All workstations are then eligible to transmit data onto the ring.
All workstations are windows nt.
All workstations can access all networked databases.
All workstations can access campus network for Internet.
All workstations can access the following software, being served by the supercomputer.
All workstations can access the Internet.
All workstations connect to the same cable.
All workstations feature wire management channels mounted under worksurface.
All workstations have access to three laser printers, color printer and high-resolution scanners.
All workstations have audio capabilities with foreign language tutorials.
All workstations have full network access.
All workstations have high speed connections to the internet and the world wide web.
All workstations have individual servo drives, and sensors keep track of proper web positioning.
All workstations have Internet access and are equipped with Internet software.
All workstations have Internet connections.
All workstations have intranet-access, some specially marked computers offer access to the Internet.
All workstations have network access.
All workstations have network connections.
All workstations have word processing and spreadsheet software.
All workstations have word processing, spreadsheet capability, and Internet access.
All workstations now offer access to the local area network and the Internet.
All workstations run the same program and work from the same list of users, clients and tests.
Any workstation can access the hard drive of any other station for a resource.
Every workstation includes a chair for each student in the workspace.
Every workstation is a node in the vast matrix of the Internet.
Every workstation is linked to two others, one on each side.
Many workstations carelessly share their whole filesystems across the network.
Many workstations employ a special file transfer card to transmit data to another site.
Many workstations have enough disk to provide home directories to one or two users.
Many workstations only require executing the mop boot to do the upgrade.
Most workstations are in the libraries or in the labs.
Most workstations are part of a particular cluster.
Some workstations also have occupational, graduate school and other career information available.
Some workstations are faster than others due to differences in hardware.
Some workstations are in public areas, others are on students desks.
Some workstations are public and accessible to students.
Some workstations are wheelchair accessible.
Some workstations come as more complex packages.
Some workstations have integral partitions.
A worktable is a table
Worktables line the west wall under windows that afford a stunning view of the mountains.
Workweek elections make voting costly.
World almanac is published annually.
World atlases give similar information for other countries.
Most world atlases have both political maps and relief maps.
World bank offers third world countries financial hope in the form of high interest loans.
World building is a big job.
World building is an awesome job.
World building is another strength.
World building is one of the most difficult aspects for a novice fantasy writer to master.
World building is the easy part.
World champion demonstrates safety and shooting technique on the skeet field.
World champions demonstrate throws, catches, and a host of flying disc games.
World champions don t attack from their knees.
Most world champions go on to become Olympic champions.
World championship involves a race on each track, with driver's and manufacturer's points.
World championships hang in the balance in Chile, Italy, and Bali.
World cinema faces limited access to American audiences.
World cinema is on a roll.
World citizens define their identities.
More world citizens consume products from goats than from cows.
World citizenship is more than merely a political strategy.
World cities are major sites for the concentration and accumulation of capital.
World cities are the destination of large numbers of migrants.
World cities attract businesses in part because of agglomeration effects.
World cities have major international impact.
World civilization is free of any government which is corrupt, however, kings are the common norm.
World civilization teaches students about the development of modern civilizations .
World civilizations are the common wealth of mankind.
World class is a nice meta site of the best international resources.
World class reverbs Easy to use, yet extremely powerful.
World climate is chaotic, and perturbations in one area can have unpredicted consequences elsewhere.
World climate is complex . . .
World clock can show the time in another location.
World clocks are available on a first come, first serve basis.
World clocks are distributed on a first come, first serve basis.
World community does nothing.
World conquest is and always has been their goal.
World conquest is back in fashion in disguise.
World cuisine is always there, after all, but baked beans are notoriously hard to come by.
All world cultures have a ball-in the cup game.
Many world cultures employ only melody in their music.
Many world cultures tell the story also.
World Cup attract the largest world-wide audiences in television.
World Cup pedigree no extra charge.
World cup racing no longer allows low-score dropping.
World Cup represents the opportunity of a lifetime for any company that strives to be global.
World cups are tournaments.
Any world currency is acceptable, using today's currency exchange rate.
Most world currency fits is one of the two sizes.
World debt is a heavy burden on the economies of poor nations.
World depressions destroy political stability.
World domination awaits.
World domination causes chaos.
World domination is a community responsibility.
World domination is just around the corner.
World domination takes time.
World economies have an increasing impact on our economy.
World economy dominates every aspect of national economic life.
World empires have imperial center, heartland, close and far provinces, merchant cities.
World factors affect broad results.
Most world faiths can trace their roots to one of the great religious bodies listed below.
World fisheries decline, even collapse.
World games Enjoy nice games of life.
World government emerges.
World government exists now.
World government has to be reordered, or perhaps established for the first time.
World government is a profoundly un-American idea.
World government is a really bad idea.
World government is a theme that plays a large role in many eschatological scenarios.
World government is here.
World government is obviously unconstitutional.
World government is the most ambitious method for creating world order.
World government is the only real solution to our coming global problems.
World governments are most concerned about three major areas of organized crime activity.
World governments issue new coins regurarly.
Most world governments ban robot use on Earth other than scientific research.
World history can help students understand what it takes to foster and preserve democracy.
World history contains numerous tales of similar acts.
World history goes on.
World history hangs on it.
World history includes any course on Asia, Latin America, Canada, Africa, or Eastern Europe.
World history includes many references to Biblical events.
World history is a court of judgment.
World history is a global perspective of the human story.
World history is also broad at the middle level and is ignored in high school.
World history is generally specific at the middle and high school levels.
World history is helpful if it is available.
World history is littered with the dreams of aggrieved peoples.
World history is now one of the principal high school courses in history, along with U.S. history.
World history is present at the elementary level, but it is limited.
World history is presented as six discrete periods, from pre-history to the present.
World history is presented from a Biblical viewpoint.
World history is strewn with the carcasses of great empires that recklessly overextended themselves.
World history is the history of the people of the world.
World history is the study of human history around the globe through time.
World history looks at the forest in that it searches for the overall, global meaning of history.
World history needs to have a feeling for the dynamics of continuity and change in human societies.
World history provides information on the diversity of cultures found through out the world.
World history stresses the treatment of interaction between societies.
World history tends to be more superficial and general than local or national histories.
World history transcends civilizations and nation-states to form a macro history of the human past.
World hunger is a complex issue, one for which there is no one answer.
World hunger is a complex issue, one for which there is no single answer.
World hunger is a local problem.
World hunger is a serious problem.
World hunger is a terrible problem.
World hunger is another issue compounded by globalization that motivates young activists.
World hunger is another reasons to become vegetarian.
World hunger is certainly a major problem.
World hunger is prevalent.
World hunger is serious problems.
World image shows the proper orientation based on time of day.
World knowledge is important.
World language is an introduction to Spanish.
World languages connect with all other disciplines.
World leaders are a robust group and have a low rate of coronary heart disease events.
World leaders are leaders.
World leaders are political figures.
World leaders are right to avoid such a risk on a global scale.
World leaders can now concentrate on more important issues, like globalization.
World leaders concentrate on both being good and getting credit for it.
World leaders do meet.
World leaders express deep concern, but behave as if there is little they can do.
World leaders gather to decide on a strategy to deal with the crisis.
World leaders hold peace talks to desperately try to negotiate peace together.
World leaders know that they are dealing with a limited man and that others are pulling the strings.
World leaders meet, UK tanks reach final positions.
World leaders promise a little bit here, a little bit there, but have taken no serious action.
World leaders react to the protests in Belgrade.
World leaders recognize that they are in a war.
World leaders respond to the protests in Belgrade.
World leaders struggle with a myriad of problems.
World leaders urge caution on all sides.
World leaders use techniques.
Most world leaders use techniques.
World literature is studied.
World literature is the vehicle of race consciousness.
World map shows major shipping routes, world time zones and distances between major ports.
World maps are maps.
World maps are the favorite wall decorations in their offices.
World maps provide many benefits.
World maps show habitats for each species.
World maps show the normal developmental stage of regional crops by month.
World maps show the regions of visibility for each eclipse.
World maps summarize the international situation at the beginning of each section.
Most world maps depict Northern continents as larger than they really are.
Some world maps show the mountains, rivers, oceans, and plains that make up the face of the Earth.
World markets are already crowded with high quality texts on plant physiology.
World markets are an opportunity to improve profits by increasing sales, market share, and growth.
World markets are hungry for U.S. software and technology.
World markets are tight in both oil and natural gas.
World markets fluctuate.
World markets offer substantial growth opportunities for most companies.
World markets present many new opportunities for increased sales and profitability.
World music calms the nerves.
World music can also be part of exhibitions , performances , and shows that travel the world .
World music can also be part of exhibitions, performances, and shows that travel the world.
World music can be anything from a short song to a long Indian raga .
World music can be anything from a short song to a long Indian raga.
World music dominates, with regular acoustic jazz, blues and chanson nights.
World music is also well represented, with performers from Mali, Israel and Ireland.
World music is the link between kids and their parents.
World music is where the future of music lies.
World music makes surprising connections .
World music means many things to many people.
World music meets classical composition in the famous violinist's recent non-profit effort.
World music mixing and jamming is a popular activity among musicians .
World music mixing and jamming is a popular activity among musicians.
Many world musics are monophonic in texture, and a few are also polyphonic.
World news begins.
World news Get audio broadcasts of news from around the world.
World news seems to play a bigger role elsewhere in the world.
World Ocean is filled from the densest available Antarctic waters.
Worlds of Art is also a discipline-based curriculum resource.
World opinion is against the sanctions.
World opinion is divided on the issue.
World opinion is on our side.
World opinion is stable in believing that sustainability is an issue deeply ingrained in society.
World order involves both the heavens and the earth.
World order requires world law.
World peace be our stand.
World peace begins in our own homes and schools.
World peace begins in the hearts and homes of our families.
World peace demands a fairer allocation of economic and social resources.
World peace depends on the fullest development of each human being in mind, body, and spirit.
World peace determines the chances of peace in our region.
World peace exists by the grace of fear for the weapenry of the other.
World peace is a byproduct of it.
World peace is a by-product of it.
World peace is a lofty goal, considering the diplomatic challenges of backseat peace.
World peace is a nice thing to have, and the American military is the tool for keeping the peace.
World peace is almost a reality today, thanks to the specter of nuclear warfare.
World peace is an idea of a world without violence , where nations try to work with each other .
World peace is an idea of a world without violence, where nations try to work with each other.
World peace is built on the basis of values that transcend the perspective of an individual.
World peace is everything .
World peace is everything.
World peace is in no sense guaranteed.
World peace is involved.
World peace is merely an ideal in today's world of ethnic conflicts and high-tech video warfare.
World peace is nearly at hand.
World peace is needed to make other countries happier.
World peace is one way of describing the vision that underlies all religions.
World peace is peace for every nation and for all people.
World peace is possible.
World peace is their motivation.
World peace is unrealistic.
World peace is worth working toward.
World peace requires a world economy, a global approach to political issues.
World peace requires respect for human rights.
World peace starts at home.
World peace stems from inner peace.
World population begins to rise steadily.
World population continues to grow while the gap between rich and poor widens.
World population continues to grow, but at a slower and slower rate.
World population continues to rise, even as a few countries move toward zero growth.
World population continues to rise.
World population grows at a fairly rapid pace.
World population is down to a few billion or so.
World population is down to a few million or so.
World population is growing so fast, it's as if another China was added every ten years.
World population is no cause for alarm.
World population is projected to level off somewhere above ten billion.
World population reaches four billion.
World population reaches six billion.
World population weighs heavily on the life support systems of the earth.
World populations are increasings.
World power is a country
All world powers do, somewhere down the road.
A world premiere is performance
World premieres take place fairly frequently.
World production exceeds one-third of a million tonnes .
World production is divided almost equally between industrial uses and fuelwood.
World production is limited and demand can skyrocket during periods of inflation or war.
World production is only around a few grams per year.
Most world production comes from Indonesia, China and Brazil.
World record bass weighs pounds.
World record largemouth bass weighs lbs.
A world record is a record
World record is pending FINA ratification.
World records are ephemeral compared to gold medals.
World records are here to be broken .
World records are records.
World records are there for the taking, by men and women.
World records have been set during all phases of the menstrual cycle, the newsletter says.
World records tumble regularly, both in quality and quantity of the catches.
World regeneration is supported.
World religions are fascinating and fun to study.
World religions are well represented.
World religions encountering one another and listening and sharing wisdom can indeed save the world.
World religions is the subject for the next month of social studies.
World religions seek their version of contentment.
Many world religions emphasize confession.
Many world religions use fasting as a tool for spiritual advancement.
Most world religions teach that when people die they become spirits.
World revolution is a necessity, by no means any kind of a utopia.
World revolution is the aim of the whole institution.
World security depends on it.
World security is an issue and now is the time to get involved.
World security is disturbed by struggles over territory and natural resources.
World Series begins.
World Series comes around.
World Series is no mean feat.
World serieses are championship.
World serieses are playoff.
World serieses are serieses.
Every World Series is special, and every pitch counts.
World services are available to corporations, consumers and travel agencies.
World society is cooperative, so everyone can win simultaneously.
World soul is prominent in Asian philosophy.
World spaces are as easy to create as the simplest web page.
World stress maps show orientations.
World time is the time scale of reality, the moment an event takes place in the real world.
World time scales.
World tour brings inside information to software developers.
World trade comprises the network of commodity shipments throughout the world.
World trade depends on transport.
World trade has a value, too.
World trade is a two-way street.
World trade is about unchanged.
World trade is fair and open in a peaceful and cooperative global society.
World trade is important for agriculture.
World trade is one such reason.
World trade is our future.
World trade is responsible for hundreds of thousands of jobs in the area.
World trade is the villain.
World trade is virtually unchanged.
World trade is Washington's future.
Most world trade is backed by trade financing.
World travel is again amazingly safe.
World travel is an amazing opportunity to get an education.
World travel is interesting and educational in more ways than one.
World travel is one of the perks of being a professional surfer.
World travel is sexy.
World travel is the ultimate trip.
World travel means world spread, including resistant organisms.
A world traveler is an adult
World travelers are films.
World travelers can also order a map of the nations they have visited.
World travelers can utilize our global roaming capability.
World travelers face a unique set of obstacles related to having quality health care.
World travelers share passions.
World travelers welcome.
Many world travelers say that there is nothing so profound as the sights of ancient Egypt.
A world view is a view
World view is a combination of the values, attitudes, hopes and aspirations of a people.
World view is all about the ultimate questions of reality.
World views are in collision.
World views come in packages.
World views underscore various religious and ideological assumptions.
Most world views accepted today are spiritual, mystical, or theological in character.
World War begins.
World war is war
World war is war.
World War means just that, World War.
World wars are unpleasant for small countries surrounded by large and ambitious ones.
World wars seem less likely today.
Most world wars come to mind, as well as, most government and business scandals.
World wide web servers provide facilities.
World wildlife is on a suspended animation display.
A world is a natural object
World atlases, globes, and map-related games, stationary, and other items.
World awaits Japan's move But pump priming is only a short-term fix.
World awaits London verdict.
World begins to slide into economic contraction.
World biome types in relation to precipitation and temperature.
World biomes with emphasis on environmental determinants.
World Burning Use the pulldown menu on each page to navigate through the site.
World can rely on.
World can shop online for Olympic merchandise .
World changes in divorce patterns.
World climates with tables of climatic data and practical suggestions .
World connects a wide range of organisations around the world.
World consists of the weak and the strong.
World contains no rain jokes, slug jokes, or coffee jokes.
World coordinate programming.
World coordinate system information is included.
World ends .
World equals oyster.
World executable for the former, world readable for latter.
World faces deluge of human trafficking .
World fails to end.
World Find out about famous double agents.
World goes on.
World invite against several custom cabinet.
World is a blooming, buzzing confusion.
World is a concept that has often been used to divide peoples and nations into categories.
World is a great resource for educators and students.
World is a leading conservative Christian weekly magazine.
World is a long dream.
World is a mosaic of different cultures, races, religions and languages.
World is a multifaceted tool for African American children, parents and educators.
World is a on line magzine for young girls and has a lot of great information on it.
World is a weekly news magazine that also covers Christian events.
World is a wholesaler, distributor and retailer of fine pashmina and Kashmiri shawls.
World is about the perils of telling the truth.
World is alive, can never be perfect.
World is all original.
World is an atmosphere, a mood.
World is an excellent magazine that gives readers a rare balanced perspective.
World is an excellent tool for easily creating virtual worlds.
World is analog, digital is famous.
World is astounded.
World is Beautiful.
World is for mom and dad too.
World is for sites in languages other than English.
World is full auto.
World is full of illusions.
World is full of pearls and diamonds.
World is full of such examples.
World is in a state of chaos.
World is in danger, go kill all aliens.
World is knowable and static.
World is large and many parts of it favor and grow coffee.
World is like that.
World is nothing but mind.
World is on the back of a crocodile.
World is over populated yes but islamic knowledge is less.
World is perception.
World is Powder through one foot in the wolf.
World is sometime difficult to understand.
World is still a crooked and perverse generation.
World is the greatest.
World is the premier source of news and information about the sport of hydrofoiing.
World is therefore also within our thinking and action in a way.
World is uncertain and dynamic.
World is very destitute of good examples.
World isa thing.
World keep with several seventy thus shoot old school skateboards.
World keep with several seventy thus shoot purdue boilermakers apparel.
World known artists live here.
World leaders our specialty.
World likes to make sin and idolatry look so attractive and fun.
World looks like a children's story.
World looks like a dream state.
World make past either ten likewise do softball pitching machine.
World markets Online - subscription based country and industry rating analysis service.
World mend Britain on all problem with whatever father.
World mourns death of Tanzania's founder.
World Needs a Hero' . .
World needs people who Understands .
World needs purifying.
World needs retards.
World offers an excellent benefits and compensation package and great growth opportunities.
World offers visitors numerous ways to interact.
World online offers the advertiser many different online opportunities.
World operates under three principles for biblically directed reporting.
World pleads for statues while humans suffer.
World prepares for perhaps the most-feared date in history.
World provides a copy of our media kit online as a service to advertisers.
World provides more news and downloads.
World reacts with anger as Islamabad begins austerity program.
World read and execute.
World reads Bike about either ache aside a means.
World records for sailfish and marlin.
World refers to everyone else.
World rejects military strike against Iraq.
World reports on grain supply and consumption, broken down by commodity.
World responds quite favorably.
World rhythms with a middle eastern feel.
World safer without computer controlled weapons grounded.
World seem with lots point yet trust Basketball shoes online.
World seems to be shrinking, bringing down trade barriers.
World serves story.
World shaking events often hinge upon apparently insignificant indicidents.
World shows professional creativity with infrared, with broad subject matter.
World singles AnnapolisHolidayHomes.
World singles sales chart.
World Sounds no.
World stands for the world at the screen.
World stands there as a creation, consciousness as creator, conscious-beingness as creature.
World stay that archery arrows across nation.
World supplies everything that is needed for painting all types of models.
World sweep Midnight around a savings on any suggestion.
World Teach How to find job as an English teacher in France.
World unites to fight against terror.
World wakes up to band's greatness.
World watches for outcome of London meetings, today.
World Wide Learn Our reciprocal links can be found here.
World Wide Use the Internet to find out what the weather is almost anywhere in the world.
World write permission is usually wrong.
Worlds also requires a email address from all registrants in order to confirm registration.
Worlds apart come together .
Worlds are alive.
Worlds are always a great experience for any virtual gymnastics club, and they're also much fun.
Worlds are biospheres.
Worlds are blue.
Worlds are classes.
Worlds are classified according to their physical size.
Worlds are complex systems.
Worlds are defined as earth.
Worlds are defined as planet earth.
Worlds are experience.
Worlds are global villages.
Worlds are groups.
Worlds are homos.
Worlds are imagination.
Worlds are in collision.
Worlds are islands.
Worlds are located in countries.
Worlds are located in galaxy.
Worlds are located in solar systems.
Worlds are located in space.
Worlds are located in thoughts.
Worlds are located in universes.
Worlds are made of continents.
Worlds are made of countries.
Worlds are part of solar systems.
Worlds are part of universes.
Worlds are parts.
Worlds are rounds.
Worlds are smalls.
Worlds are squares.
Worlds are used for lives.
Worlds are used for societies.
Worlds are very important in fantasy and science-fiction literature.
Worlds can therefore exist outside time.
Worlds collide otherwise.
Worlds come in various sizes, and can be found on both planets and moons.
Worlds come into being as that confusion is ceaselessly transformed.
Worlds converge and Nine Come, the bar, is hopping.
Worlds coverage the sport of disc golf has ever seen.
Worlds desire cheateds.
Worlds evolve and so do animals.
Worlds fall from one limb as they are born on another.
Worlds have (part) air space.
Worlds have (part) atmospheres.
Worlds have (part) crust.
Worlds have (part) exospheres.
Worlds have (part) ground.
Worlds have (part) hemispheres.
Worlds have (part) hydrospheres.
Worlds have (part) lands.
Worlds have (part) lithospheres.
Worlds have (part) mesospheres.
Worlds have (part) oceans.
Worlds have (part) rainbows.
Worlds have (part) sea.
Worlds have (part) skies.
Worlds have (part) stratosphere.
Worlds have (part) thermospheres.
Worlds have (part) tropospheres.
Worlds have atmospheres.
Worlds have continents.
Worlds have ecosystems.
Worlds have life.
Worlds have mountains.
Worlds have oceans.
Worlds have thirteen properties.
Worlds have water.
Worlds offer something that no nationals can compete with.
Worlds plug-in for the projects, which cover everything from using money to multiplication.
Worlds race predictions online, being put up a day or two earlier than the race concerned.
Worlds share the same graphical look and sound effects.
All world is big klay room.
All world travel consular information.
All worlds are down for emergency maintenance.
All worlds are open for the public so take a look around.
All worlds are still down.
All worlds are up now.
All worlds stagnate.
Every world has conflict .
Every world has conflict.
Every world is filled with highs and lows, good times and bad times, failures and successes.
Every world needs a divine ruler eventually.
Many world records with minimum possible bounds.
Most worlds are dead, balls of dust and rock.
Most worlds are small.
Most worlds are water worlds.
Most worlds remain scared today.
Some worlds are hot, others are cold, and they all move at different speeds.
Some worlds have silicon based life.
Some worlds produce UFOs for export to other planets.
Some worlds use floating point coordinates.
Worldbuilding material is up.
Worldclass diversities abound.
A worldliness is an externality
Worldliness is a broad term that people use to inflict a variety of different taboos.
Worldliness is a mental attitude.
Worldliness is a serious danger.
Worldliness is anything that makes sin look attractive and righteousness look silly.
Worldliness is centered on self.
Worldliness is inherently competitive.
Worldliness is more than living an immoral lifestyle.
Worldliness is one of the greatest dangers that beset man's soul.
Worldliness is opposed to holiness.
Worldliness is slightly different.
Worldliness is the mind-set of the unregenerate.
Worldliness overcomes innocence and ignorance.
Worldliness promises to bring joy and fulfillment.
Worldliness twists values by rearranging their price tags.
Worldliness works for gain.
Worldly advertising has a huge impact on our lives.
Worldly ambition has a strong fascination focus.
Worldly ambition is changed to a thirst and hunger for holiness.
Worldly beings live with the help of each other.
Worldly concern is concern
Worldly concerns choke the spiritual life right out of the soul.
Worldly disappointments fly on wings of dove.
Every worldly experience is conditioned by suffering and exertion.
Worldly freedom is freedom of the ego.
Worldly freedom is the power to change one's experience.
Worldly greatness is associated with being served.
Worldly happiness is equally elusive, always just beyond our grasp.
Worldly happiness is transitory.
Worldly hope is filled with doubt.
Worldly intelligence is darkness and death.
Worldly judgment is the ideal for outdoor leaders.
Many worldly kings abuse their authority.
Worldly knowledge is useful for worldly ends.
Worldly life is chaotic and fragmentary.
Worldly life means only the enjoyment of illusion.
Worldly man goes in own strength.
Worldly matters give pleasure.
All worldly matters are to be considered but the small chores of life.
Worldly mourners experience sadness for a material or personal loss.
Worldly passions lead to ignornace and suffering.
Worldly peace provides quiet enjoyment of life and possessions.
Worldly people are shrewd in the way they use their resources for their future life.
Worldly people are thankful when they get what they want.
Worldly pleasures offer nothing but death and disgrace.
Worldly plots are worth to collect for writing computer etudes.
Worldly principles can seem logical or orderly and therefore believable and acceptable.
All worldly pursuits have but one unavoidable, and inevitable end, which is sorrow.
Worldly religion finds itself challenged by real faith.
Worldly seduction knows no national or racial barriers, it exists among ALL peoples and nations.
Worldly sex is a perverse, destructive form of self-gratification.
Worldly sorrow is devoid of repentance.
Worldly sorrow leads to spiritual death and sometimes it leads to physical death, too.
Worldly success depends on pleasing others.
Worldly success is their goal.
Worldly tendencies originate for the head and are bound to change.
Worldly things are as water, as a torrent, that passes away.
All worldly things are temporary.
All worldly things have limits.
Worldly thoughts leave one.
Worldly treasures refer to the precious things that support a man to live in the world.
Worldly wealth can have eternal value.
Worldly wealth creates attachments which result in greed, jealousy, selfishness, ego and violence.
Worldly wealth is symbolized by the account book and coins.
Worldly wisdom recommends the path of compromise and talks of moderation.
Worlds congress is an international interdisciplinary congress on women held every three years.
Worldtec subscribers get . . .
Worldwide acclaim is evidence enough of their immense talent.
Worldwide accommodation are bookable.
Any worldwide address needs to be in a universal, widely available, character set.
Worldwide application brings about the autonomization of limited groups.
Worldwide attention is on outer space.
Worldwide availability is pending.
Worldwide availability varies by country.
Every worldwide bank has to work, and it has to work right.
Worldwide basketball is currently the fastest growing women's intercollegiate sport.
Worldwide car hire .
Worldwide chaos erupts when the gene that determines a babies race gets whacked.
Worldwide city directories.
Worldwide clients can also rely on the high quality and integrity of the vault facilities.
Worldwide collectors have other problems to face when it comes time to upgrade.
Worldwide communication is maintained via mobile satellite phone.
Worldwide communication is simple based on a radio-relay system to mainland.
Worldwide connections create a joint pool of information.
Worldwide consumption increases each year.
Worldwide contacts Find out who to know, worldwide, to learn more about the program.
Worldwide cooperation is needed and a global perspective is imperative.
Worldwide coverage includes Israel, the Middle East, Mexico, Bosnia, China, and other countries.
Worldwide coverage is a daily event on shortwave.
Worldwide coverage is achieved by cooperations with major platforms in North America and in Asia.
Worldwide coverage is available to association members.
Worldwide cruelty continues to exist.
Worldwide database means more potential prospects.
Worldwide delivery is also available for a small additional charge.
Worldwide delivery is also available.
Worldwide demand continues to exceed capacity.
Worldwide depression begins.
Worldwide distribution is achieved with the help of strategically- located stocking dealers.
Worldwide distribution is caused by fungi.
Worldwide distribution is caused by microscopic fungi.
Worldwide distribution is now available for a wide range of products.
Worldwide distribution is through major broadcast distributors.
Most worldwide distribution is caused by fungi.
Most worldwide distribution is caused by microscopic fungi.
Worldwide distributors welcome.
Worldwide editions See our sister sites around the world.
Worldwide epidemics occur when there is a major shift in influenza A virus.
Worldwide events leave a lasting effect - and the cola wars continue to rage on.
Worldwide evidence shows that pollinator populations are declining, especially that of the honeybee.
Worldwide expansion is underway.
Worldwide experience shows that in any country, brokers operate in all accessible markets.
Worldwide experience suggests that such pretension is unrealistic .
Worldwide figures are even greater.
Worldwide figures are similarly staggering.
Worldwide fisheries are under severe pressure from over-utilization and environmental degradation.
Worldwide franchises are now available.
Worldwide inflation leads to worldwide trade deficits and, ultimately, world-wide poverty.
Worldwide installation is provided by expert technicians.
Worldwide listings are also available.
Worldwide locations are at bottom of page.
Worldwide locations provide service and support.
Worldwide losses occur in all classes of livestock from plants eaten fresh, in hay, or in ensilage.
Worldwide market thrives only with peaceful stability.
Worldwide markets demand faster turnaround, smarter solutions and higher value.
Worldwide members answer questions and share their impressions.
Worldwide membership includes many of the leading names in the industry.
Worldwide membership is free.
Worldwide mobility is essential except for people with disabilities.
Worldwide numbers are about the same.
Worldwide opinion says pull carts are an acceptable part of the game.
Worldwide patents are currently under application for our technology.
Worldwide patents are pending.
Worldwide postage is free.
Worldwide projects run all year round, and people can join for from two weeks to several months.
Worldwide propagation is as well being accomplished through the Internet.
Worldwide protection is essentially instant and free.
Worldwide reach is necessary to compete in the global market.
Worldwide recognition is another.
Worldwide recognition is one benefit of winning the gold.
Worldwide recruitment is possible.
Worldwide searches are impractical, so a limited search is usually made in only one country.
Worldwide service is available.
Worldwide shipment is also available.
Worldwide shipping is accomplished easily and inexpensively.
Worldwide shipping is available, as is secure online ordering by credit card.
Worldwide shipping is available.
Worldwide shipping is included in all prices.
Worldwide shipping is included in the cost of the card.
Worldwide shipping is included.
Worldwide shipping is no problem and orders are shipped inside of Germany without additional charge.
Worldwide shipping is offered.
Worldwide shopping includes items from Greece, Turkey, Guatemala, Bali, and Africa.
Worldwide sources agree . . .
Worldwide success comes with worldwide exposure.
Worldwide supply dries up.
Worldwide support is available.
Worldwide surveys indicate that two-thirds of mothers still breastfeed, at least to some extent.
Worldwide teamwork becomes a daily reality.
Worldwide time does.
Worldwide travel can create unique situations that can challenge even the best insurance benefits.
Worldwide travel has complete travel reporting available to our corporate clients.
Worldwide vacation properties for rent and for sale by owner.
Worldwide video is now available .
Worldwide women have a longer life expectancy than men.
Worldy desires are foolish.
Worm activities present animate appearances.
Worm activities present appearances.
Worm bins are an interesting way to compost food scraps and they are fun for kids to use.
Worm bins are easy to construct and provide an excellent alternative to throwing away food scraps.
Worm bins are most effective at businesses that only generate food discards.
Worm bins can vary in size and material type.
Worm bins come is all shapes and sizes.
Most worm bins have some problems with pests.
Worm burdens cause few problems.
Worm burdens cause problems.
Worm casts nourish the soil, and provide food for our plants, flowers and vegetables.
Worm castings appear dark and granular like soil, and are rich in soil nutrients.
Worm castings are a rich source of nutrients, helping to improve soil structure.
Worm castings are an excellent fertilizer additive for gardens or potted plants.
Worm castings are an excellent source of slow-release nitrogen.
Worm castings are characteristic lumps and bumps of soil that come out as part of the worms waste.
Worm castings are characteristic lumps and bumps of soil that come outas part of the worms waste.
Worm castings are rich in plant nutrients.
Worm castings are similar to compost in their composition and are equally easy to produce at home.
Worm castings are suitable as both a plant growth medium and an agricultural soil amendment.
Worm castings are the end result of the organic material fed to the worm.
Worm castings are the perfect pH for plants.
Worm castings are the richest form of natural fertilizer known to man.
Worm castings are the richest natural fertiliser known to humans.
Worm castings are the richest natural fertilizer known to humans.
Worm castings are the some of the richest natural fertilizer known to humans.
Worm castings are toxic to live worms.
Worm castings become fertiliser in landscaping and revegetation projects.
Worm castings contain nitrogen and other nutrients necessary for plant growth.
Worm castings have nutrients needed by plants, plus compounds to control plant pathogens.
Worm castings stimulate plant growth more than any other natural product on the market.
Worm compost is a very complete soil additive, even more so than ordinary compost.
Worm compost is made in a container filled with moistened bedding and redworms.
Worm compost is the best compost.
Worm compost makes nutrients available to plants.
Worm compost tends to be very difficult to rehydrate after it has dried out.
Worm farms are also available.
Worm gear is gear
Worm gears act like screws and provide a continuous motion.
Worm gears allow a large speed reduction and are used extensively in larger trucks.
Worm holes are possible gateways that connect different points in space-time.
Many worm infections do pass through fish, especially freshwater fish.
A worm snake is a colubrid
Worm snakes appear to mate in the fall.
Worm snakes feed almost entirely on earthworms.
A worm is an invertebrate
Worm admit Austria by none cup within some deed.
Worm can be really deadly for the crucians.
Worm devotes a major portion of the work to the study of runes.
Worm generates poetry and volumes of e-mail.
Worm is a network spreading worm without a destructive payload.
Worm is a particularly prevalent example.
Worm is a survivor.
Worm is a very generic term, referring to several taxon of animals.
Worm is a worm that propagates as an attachment by email.
Worm is a worm that spreads via email.
Worm is an action game featuring a worm that eats coins.
Worm is an amoral hustler who'll deal off the bottom to take pots from rubes in over their heads.
Worm is an email worm that appears to have originated in France.
Worm is an internet-worm that uses BAT files.
Worm is an inventor at heart.
Worm is easy to learn and very fun to play.
Worm is everyman, girl or boy.
Worm is guilted of monopoly.
Worm is listed by most anti-virus vendors.
Worm is on the loose.
Worm is similar to other worms but has a dangerous payload.
Worm is transparent iii.
Worm isa animal.
Worm isa beast.
Worm isa creature.
Worm lives Autumn below parcel over the telecom before swallow through an policy.
Worm Move the worm across the screen collecting food and bonuses.
Worm offers the first animal genome .
Worm say Concern like self inside any snowboarding clothes after walk till most afternoon.
Worm underscores limits of firewalls.
Worm views the game as merely an easy way to make money.
Worms absorb nutrients.
Worms actually MAKE rich dirt.
Worms adapt to different environments.
Worms adapt to environments.
Worms adapt to many different environments.
Worms Add a small layer of chocolate chips to the bottom of the cup for bedrock.
Worms add sufficient manure to supply the base manure.
Worms aerate the soil with their constant squirming and nourish it with their castings.
Worms aerate the soil, add tilthe to, and fertilize the soil.
Worms aerate the soil, and eat organic matter, turning it into 'castings', or manure.
Worms also allow alliance rules to come into effect.
Worms also are prolific reproducers, and they like a crowded environment.
Worms also are so active that the leaves and peelings disappear overnight.
Worms also are very efficient in digesting kitchen food wastes.
Worms also feed on the decomposing remains of other animals.
Worms also help keep the soil loose enough for the plants to grow well.
Worms also produce a liquid fertiliser in the form of worm wee.
Worms also serve as an important feed source to a variety of birds, reptiles, amphibians and fish.
Worms are a case of life imitating art.
Worms are a common intestinal parasite of cats.
Worms are a composter's best friend.
Worms are a concern, so wear shoes or sandals at all times, especially in the showers.
Worms are a gift to gardeners, both young and old.
Worms are a great hook for the media too.
Worms are a lot of fun and a great educational tool.
Worms are a very economical way to convert waste into a usable product.
Worms are a very good bait for red mullet.
Worms are able to eat their own weight in food every day.
Worms are added and organic matter for composting is added in a layer above the bedding.
Worms are also capable of accessing passwords and other system security settings.
Worms are also common.
Worms are also effective.
Worms are also important food for birds.
Worms are an abundant and diverse group of organisms.
Worms are an example.
Worms are an ideal bait for flounders, although big ones do include fish in their diet.
Worms are an important part of any sustainable farm plan or organic home garden.
Worms are animals.
Worms are available at some retail locations.
Worms are bad, but they are only an infrequent problem.
Worms are beneficial consumers.
Worms are best for bait.
Worms are best.
Worms are BIG eaters.
Worms are bilaterally symmetrical.
Worms are capable of eats.
Worms are clean.
Worms are cold blooded animals as are snakes, fish and turtles.
Worms are cold-blooded and have no backbones.
Worms are cold-blooded animals.
Worms are definitely far worse than a virus.
Worms are easy to collect after dark on a dewy or rainy night or can be purchased at a bait store.
Worms are easy to feed.
Worms are essential in decomposition.
Worms are everywhere.
Worms are fabulous eaters, and benefit to our soil with their castings.
Worms are for numbers when it comes to largemouths.
Worms are friendly to all living things, and help all dead things find a useful afterlife.
Worms are generally pretty tough, but they have exacting environmental standards.
Worms are generally specific to one organ, such as the abomasum, duodenum, and lungs.
Worms are good bait for bream.
Worms are good for the Earth.
Worms are great decomposers, especially red-wigglers and African night crawlers.
Worms are great friends to our environment.
Worms are great garden helpers.
Worms are great natural barometers.
Worms are great taxicabs and mixers.
Worms are great.
Worms are grown in oat or wheat bran with a slice of apple or other fruit thrown in for moisture.
Worms are hamaphrodites, they are both male and female at one time.
Worms are hermaphrodite, which means they have both male and female reproductive cells.
Worms are hermaphrodites each worm having both sex organs.
Worms are hermaphrodites so they all can produce eggs.
Worms are hermaphrodites, which means they are both male and female at the same time.
Worms are hermaphrodites.
WORMs are high-capacity storage devices.
Worms are internal parasites that drain pets of blood and nutrients.
Worms are invertebrates.
Worms are just awesome.
Worms are known as worms.
Worms are light sensitive, so provide a lid if possible.
Worms are like little rototillers.
Worms are like viruses in that they do replicate themselves.
Worms are like viruses in that they reproduce and spread.
Worms are like viruses in the sense that they are a parasite off computers.
Worms are located in cans.
Worms are located in earth.
Worms are located in ground.
Worms are located in hosts.
Worms are located in trees.
Worms are located in trunks.
Worms are long, thin digestive tracts that ingest large amounts of dirt.
Worms are more powerful than the African elephant and more important to the economy than the cow.
Worms are multicellular organisms because they contain many cells.
Worms are natural recyclers.
Worms are naturally litter dwellers and live in decaying vegetation or fallen leaves.
Worms are nature's natural recyclers.
Worms are night animals.
Worms are of little concern to court reporters and their home computers.
Worms are offered in black, red, and chartreuse.
Worms are often responsible for poor performance, rough hair coat and diarrhea in calves.
Worms are one of the creatures that can build soil.
Worms are one of the most common health problems for dogs.
Worms are only part of the parasite picture, however, as many non-worm parasites exist as well.
Worms are our friends.
Worms are part of corkscrews.
Worms are pink, cute, and armed with weapons of mass chaotic destruction.
Worms are practical, as well as plentiful.
Worms are present in all soil that has sufficient organic matter.
Worms are present in the intestines of all human beings.
Worms are prey for birds.
Worms are programs passed among computer networks, reproducing themselves as they move.
Worms are programs that replicate themselves from system to system without the use of a host file.
Worms are said to just jump out of the ground.
Worms are screws.
Worms are self-contained and generally use networks to spread.
Worms are self-contained programs that enter a computer and generate their own commands.
Worms are self-contained programs that replicate themselves rather than infecting other programs.
Worms are sensitive to light since they live underground most of the time.
Worms are similar to computer viruses.
Worms are similar to viruses, in that they spread automatically from one computer to the next.
Worms are similar to viruses.
Worms are similar.
Worms are simple creatures.
Worms are small animals.
Worms are some of the most de-tested creatures known to man.
Worms are the backbone of healthy garden soil.
Worms are the bait of choice of anglers who fish from the bank and from boats.
Worms are the champions of recycling and maintaining soil health.
Worms are the emperor of all diets.
Worms are the lowest of the low.
Worms are the most common northern pikeminnow bait.
Worms are the most popular bait among the local fishers.
Worms are the organic farmer and gardener s best friend .
Worms are the staple diet.
Worms are the top bait for tilapia, which bite readi-ly at the shoreline.
Worms are the ultimate recyclers.
Worms are too small and are difficult to cast.
Worms are tough little creatures.
Worms are transferred during sexual contact.
Worms are types of viruses that generally attack through an e-mail system.
Worms are unable to move or eat, and are passed in the feces.
Worms are useful, low-m aintenace little pets.
Worms are usually a good bait.
Worms are usually green pumpkin, junebug, watermelon or some similar color.
Worms are usually most active at room temperature.
Worms are very interesting creatures.
Worms are very vulnerable creatures.
Worms are video games.
Worms are viruses that actively help themselves spread.
Worms are where it's at.
Worms average six months to two years to reach adult size.
Worms avoid predators.
Worms bask in extreme temperature.
Worms bask in extreme temperatures.
Worms become meal worms.
Worms become worms.
Worms begin life.
Worms break surfaces.
Worms build mounds of soil on the surface of the lawn, creating an uneven, bumpy surface.
Worms burrow deep and bring up trace minerals.
Worms burrow into and through edible roots.
Worms burrow into heart and kill or stunt plant.
Worms burrow through the fruit resulting in fruit unsuitable for eating.
Worms bury in sediments.
Worms bury in soft sediments.
Worms can access passwords and other system security settings.
Worms can also be frozen and then thawed for later use, an indispensable convenience.
Worms can also erode, damage or block certain organs.
Worms can be helpful in other ways as well, such as for worm composting.
Worms can be hermaphroditic.
Worms can be very effective.
Worms can carry parasites that are harmful to baby birds.
Worms can cause a wide variety of signs such as intestinal problems, weight loss and unthrifty coat.
Worms can cause anemia- especially whip worms and hook worms.
Worms can cause malnutrition that can lead to weight loss.
Worms can compost garbage faster than any other type of composting method.
Worms can consume about half of their body weight daily, under ideal conditions.
Worms can consume their own body weight in soil and dead plants in one day.
Worms can cover the globe in a matter of hours.
Worms can crawl out of the bedding onto the sides of the box if conditions are unsuitable.
Worms can damage tissues by literally eating the surface of tissues that they contact.
Worms can destroy files and e-mail themselves to everyone in the victim's address book.
Worms can develop resistance to drugs, if the same one is used continuously.
Worms can eat any organic material.
Worms can eat their weight each day.
Worms can eat their weight in organic matter each day.
Worms can eat their weight in soil each day.
Worms can eat through as much as their own weight in kitchen scraps per day.
Worms can eat up to one third of their bodyweight in a day.
Worms can exist on the outer layers of the food.
Worms can have a severe impact on computer networks.
Worms can have up to ten hearts.
Worms can live as long as four years.
Worms can live for about one year in the worm bin.
Worms can live near the surface of the soil or even down to twelve feet below ground.
Worms can mate with any other worm and all worms can lay eggs.
Worms can move objects up to fifty times their own weight.
Worms can only take a small particle of soft moistened food in their mouth.
Worms can recycle or eat half of their weight per day in food scraps.
Worms can spread through a network without users sharing files.
Worms can survive many years in the intestine unless removed by medication.
Worms can take several forms, but typically they come as forwarded email containing an attachment.
Worms can take up more and more memory and disk space until they stop the computer cold.
Worms can turn our old food into plant food.
Worms can turn waste into fertilizer in a matter of days rather than months.
Worms can turn waste to soil.
Worms carry deadly diseases.
Worms carry diseases.
Worms carry genes.
Worms carry nematode diseases.
Worms carry parasites.
Worms cause anemia.
Worms cause considerable damage.
Worms cause damage.
Worms cause neurological damage.
Worms cause severe anemia.
Worms change to pupae from which moths emerge.
Worms chew vegetation.
Worms Colored squiggly worms wiggling across the screen.
Worms come miraculously when the pile cools down.
Worms come out at night and can be obtained with use of a flashlight and a quick hand.
Worms come up out of the soil during the night.
Worms commonly utilize network services to propagate to other host systems.
Worms complete development.
Worms constantly turn the soil evenly distributing nutrients and preventing matted roots.
Worms consume less food in colder temperatures.
Worms convert fruit and vegetable scraps into organic fertiliser and high-nutrient liquid.
Worms crawl in for religious standing.
Worms crawl over the blackening damp.
Worms create great soil.
Worms create little tunnels.
Worms create lovely compost.
Worms depend on food.
Worms destroy roots.
Worms do the digging and delving.
Worms do their best work in dark, cool places.
Worms drown in floods and get washed in.
Worms eat coffee grounds, table scraps, melon rinds, newspaper, etc.
Worms eat dead leaves.
Worms eat decomposing organic matter and the small organisms that are involved in decomposition.
Worms eat food scraps, which become compost as they pass through the worm's body.
Worms eat food.
Worms eat fruit and vegetable scraps, pasta, bread, cooked beans, and other kitchen leftovers.
Worms eat garbage, which is a good thing for our environment.
Worms eat green waste.
Worms eat half their weight in food scraps and about an equal amount of bedding each day.
Worms eat leaves.
Worms eat organic matter such as leaves and grass, turning it into a rich compost.
Worms eat organisms.
Worms Eat Our Garbage .
Worms eat plant residues.
Worms eat the body.
Worms eat their way through soil.
Worms eat up to their own body weight each day.
Worms eat waste.
Worms emerge from burrows.
Worms emerge from soil.
Worms encounter worms.
Worms enjoy nothing more than wormy company.
Worms excrete organic matter rich in phosphorus, potassium, calcium, magnesium, iron and sulfur.
Worms exhibit behavior.
Worms explode when they died.
Worms features some pretty impressive stereo environmental music.
Worms feed by sucking on moist and rotting waste.
Worms feed by taking soil through their bodies.
Worms feed on fruit and vegetable peels, tea bags, coffee grounds, and even pulverized egg shells.
Worms feed on nutrients.
Worms feed on soil nutrients.
Worms feed on the dust of men.
Worms feed on the underside of leaves, producing ragged holes, and bore into cabbage heads.
Worms feed on the undersides of leaves between the veins and leave ragged holes.
Worms finish composting the materials in the bottom tray and then migrate to the one above.
Worms gather on squash for easy killing.
Worms generally use networks to spread.
Worms get sick the first day and die later.
Worms give birth to worms.
Worms go to gardens.
Worms hanging off hooks have nothing to fear there, either.
Worms has-part hearts.
Worms has-part organs.
Worms hatch in their bark.
Worms have (part) brains.
Worms have (part) cell membranes.
Worms have (part) cells.
Worms have (part) corpi.
Worms have (part) cytoplasm.
Worms have (part) ears.
Worms have (part) faces.
Worms have (part) heads.
Worms have (part) nuclei.
Worms have (part) plasma membranes.
Worms have (part) sections.
Worms have (part) skulls.
Worms have (part) vacuoles.
Worms have a hydrostatic skeleton, i.e. it is a bag of water.
Worms have a life-cycle which involves stages outside the main host.
Worms have a muscular gizzard.
Worms have a role in future Missouri waste reduction.
Worms have a scent trail similar to crawdaddies.
Worms have a segmented body.
Worms have a very interesting method of reproduction.
Worms have additional values in that they make the nutrients in organic matter more available.
Worms have an organ called trophosome, packed with symbiotic bacteria.
Worms have brains.
Worms have calcium.
Worms have diets.
Worms have effects.
Worms have eyes.
Worms have female organs.
Worms have female reproductive organs.
Worms have heads.
Worms have lots of protein, so are nutritious for robins.
Worms have male organs.
Worms have male reproductive organs.
Worms have nephridia to filter out the dead cells and other wastes that are sloughed into the blood.
Worms have no eyes or ears, but they have cells that sense light and dark, and they sense vibration.
Worms have no eyes, but they are sensitive to light.
Worms have no leptin, a hormone that controls eating.
Worms have no teeth for chewing their food.
Worms have no teeth or eyes but have highly sensitive skin.
Worms have organs.
Worms have reproductive organs.
Worms have rooms.
Worms have tails.
Worms Have the children pretend to be wiggly, crawly worms.
Worms have their place.
Worms have tissue.
Worms have two main characteristics.
Worms have types.
Worms help decompose organic matter in compost piles and in soils.
Worms help return nutrients to the soil so they can be used by the next generation of plants.
Worms help soil.
Worms help the soil hold more water.
Worms help till the soil, and insects and flies eat up harmful bacteria.
Worms help to increase the amount of air and water that gets into the soil.
Worms hide in burrows.
Worms hunt for food.
Worms include duster worms.
Worms include earthworms.
Worms include worms.
Worms increase the nutrients available in the soil for plants.
Worms infect humans.
Worms infiltrate programs and alter or destroy data.
Worms ingest organic matter and excrete it in vermicastings.
Worms inhabit the hindgut of the cockroach, where they are presumed to feed on resident bacteria.
Worms invade ground.
Worms invade science labs .
Worms irritate the intestinal lining and therefore, cause poor absorption of nutrients.
Worms just burrow deeper in winter.
Worms keep soil healthy, serving to aerate and add nutrients through their fecal matter.
Worms lay eggsmanagement of sheep and can lay up .
Worms leave tracks in layers of mud.
Worms like to be kept damp and in the dark, and warm in winter and cold in summer.
Worms links Links to other worms pages.
Worms live and breed in the top container.
Worms live for few months.
Worms live for months.
Worms live in areas.
Worms live in burrows.
Worms live in cavities.
Worms live in dirt.
Worms live in environments.
Worms live in fields.
Worms live in forests.
Worms live in habitats.
Worms live in hosts.
Worms live in mud.
Worms live in natural habitats.
Worms live in ocean habitats.
Worms live in ocean sediments.
Worms live in regions.
Worms live in sediments.
Worms live in small holes that they dig in the soil.
Worms live in soil.
Worms live in surround areas.
Worms live in terrestrial environments.
Worms live in the gastrointestinal tract or burrow from that tract into the muscles.
Worms live on ground.
Worms live on surfaces.
Worms live permanently in tubes.
Worms live where there is food, moisture, oxygen and a favorable temperature.
Worms look like worms.
Worms love coffee grounds and filters, tea bags, paper towels, and napkins.
Worms love mulch because it creates the conditions under which they thrive.
Worms love to be moist.
Worms love to eat all kinds of food.
Worms make copies of themselves over and over again.
Worms make great pets.
Worms make holes.
Worms make mounds.
Worms make possible the agricultural efforts of humanity.
Worms make the soil healthy for plants to grow.
Worms mate in the spring.
Worms mature in intestines.
Worms migrate in pairs from stomach through intestinal wall and diaphragm to lungs, where they mate.
Worms migrate to areas.
Worms migrate to eye and die resulting in blindness.
Worms migrate via spinal cord to brain and burrow in.
Worms move by the powerful stretching and pulling strength of their muscles.
Worms move from sites.
Worms move slower than lice and worms are smaller than mice.
Worms move taster than mice and worms are larger than lice.
Worms need moisture.
Worms need water.
Worms occasionally penetrate renal capsule and wander in peritoneal cavity.
Worms occur in habitats.
Worms operate best in a moist, warm environment with plenty of food.
Worms populate areas.
Worms possess blood.
Worms possess cells.
Worms possess female organs.
Worms possess female sexual organs.
Worms possess genes.
Worms possess heads.
Worms possess organs.
Worms possess receptors.
Worms possess sexual organs.
Worms prefer a moist non-acid environment in which to live.
Worms prefer a vegetarian diet.
Worms prefer damp to dry.
Worms prefer to spread out a bit while they dine.
Worms process their own body weight or more of organic matter each day.
Worms produce natural antibiotics which help fight plant diseases.
Worms provide an excellent opportunity for students to practice their observation skills.
Worms provide healthy soil, etc.
Worms rank a close second.
Worms reach advance stages.
Worms reach ages.
Worms reach larval stages.
Worms reach stages.
Worms recycle humus and produce vermicast as they dig and delve beneath our feet.
Worms recycle organic waste back into a useful soil additive.
Worms relate to worms.
Worms rely on their hydrostatic skeleton for both mobility and proper feeding.
Worms replicate themselves in a computer's main memory.
Worms reproduce asexually and are connected to their parents by lines.
Worms reproduce in many different ways.
Worms reproduce quickly and frequently.
Worms reproduce, too.
Worms require a host in order to survive.
Worms require air.
Worms require control environments.
Worms require control temperature environments.
Worms require environments.
Worms require grit to help their digestion.
Worms require oxygen so keep the lid partially open to allow air to circulate.
Worms require oxygen.
Worms require rich environments.
Worms require rich oxygen environments.
Worms require warmth.
Worms resemble caterpillars.
Worms resemble earthworms.
Worms resemble larvae.
Worms retreat from light.
Worms secrete enzymes.
Worms seek regions.
Worms seem best for actively feeding fish in warmer water.
Worms seem to illicit strong sentiments of either attraction or repulsion.
Worms show apparent effects.
Worms show effects.
Worms slow down Internet sites and cause communication to come to standstill.
Worms solve problems at North Carolina correctional facility .
Worms spread by doubling and doubling again.
Worms spread by exploiting vulnerabilities in operating systems.
Worms spread over networks , or on removable media like USB flash drives .
Worms spread over networks, or on removable media like USB flash drives.
Worms spreading due to user inattention are a serious threat.
Worms start life.
Worms start the reef-building process.
Worms stick to plastic pipetteman tips unless detergent is present.
Worms subsist on diets.
Worms suck blood and cause anaemia in sheep.
Worms surface within minutes and can be collected for analysis using large forceps or tweezers.
Worms sustain life.
Worms swallow food.
Worms swim naturally but remain in the center of the droplet due to the droplet's curvature.
Worms take to sludge like mice to cheese.
Worms taken during the reproductive season are considered especially tasty.
Worms tend to occupy the area just below the most recent additions of food waste material.
Worms thrive in acidic conditions.
Worms thrive in conditions.
Worms thrive in similar environments.
Worms thrive in the hog.
Worms travel along connections and copy themselves onto remote computers at exponential rates.
Worms tunnel deeply in the soil and bring subsoil closer to the surface mixing it with the topsoil.
Worms turn the matter, which helps activate the breaking down.
Worms typically go after servers on the Internet.
Worms typically live only a few months because of the many environmental threats they face.
Worms use for bait.
Worms use for fish bait.
Worms use heat.
Worms use mouthparts.
Worms use parts of an operating system that are automatic and usually invisible to the user.
Worms use the Internet and email to spread.
Worms Use the left and right cusor keys to turn the worm left or right.
Worms use their muscles to crawl through the mud.
Worms use their setae to help crawl and also to grip and anchor themselves firmly in the ground.
Worms Using the song lyrics, place the islands in order from East to West.
Worms vary a great deal in color from green to brown to black.
Worms wait for prey.
Worms wander under the skin.
Worms work well on the browns.
Worms often steal or vandalize computer data.
Worms sometimes causes spasms or convulsions.
Worms usually eat while they are passing through the soil and excrete as they go along.
Worms usually infect backbone servers on the internet.
Worms usually propagate over a network of computers.
All worms are invertebrates that have long, narrow bodies without legs.
All worms have both male reproductive organs and female reproductive organs.
All worms require oxygen, and produce carbon dioxide, just like humans.
Every worm also has two sperm receptacles.
Every worm has the same principle of operation.
Many worm compose frantically, and that aunt among one pocket want.
Many worms are present, including flatworms, annelids, and nematodes.
Many worms eat small plants and animals, others feed on decaying matter.
Many worms feed on microorganisms, others prey on various small invertebrates.
Many worms now disguise themselves with such phrases in the subject line of the message.
Most worms absorb nutrients.
Most worms adapt to different environments.
Most worms adapt to environments.
Most worms adapt to many different environments.
Most worms appear on the legs and feet, but they can occur anywhere on the body.
Most worms are hermaphrodites, meaning each one is both male and female.
Most worms are known as worms.
Most worms are located in hosts.
Most worms avoid predators.
Most worms become meal worms.
Most worms become worms.
Most worms begin life.
Most worms break surfaces.
Most worms bury in sediments.
Most worms bury in soft sediments.
Most worms carry deadly diseases.
Most worms carry diseases.
Most worms carry genes.
Most worms carry nematode diseases.
Most worms carry parasites.
Most worms cause anemia.
Most worms cause considerable damage.
Most worms cause damage.
Most worms cause neurological damage.
Most worms cause severe anemia.
Most worms chew vegetation.
Most worms depend on food.
Most worms deposit the sperm directly into the female tract.
Most worms destroy roots.
Most worms die and cause no further trouble.
Most worms eat dead leaves.
Most worms eat food.
Most worms eat green waste.
Most worms eat leaves.
Most worms eat organisms.
Most worms eat waste.
Most worms emerge from burrows.
Most worms emerge from soil.
Most worms feed on nutrients.
Most worms feed on soil nutrients.
Most worms give birth to worms.
Most worms go to gardens.
Most worms has-part hearts.
Most worms has-part organs.
Most worms have a head with eyes, antennae and sensory palps.
Most worms have a lifecycle that makes it easy to for pets to become re-infested.
Most worms have brains.
Most worms have calcium.
Most worms have diets.
Most worms have effects.
Most worms have eyes.
Most worms have female organs.
Most worms have female reproductive organs.
Most worms have heads.
Most worms have male organs.
Most worms have male reproductive organs.
Most worms have organs.
Most worms have reproductive organs.
Most worms have rooms.
Most worms have tails.
Most worms have tissue.
Most worms have types.
Most worms help soil.
Most worms hide in burrows.
Most worms infect humans.
Most worms invade ground.
Most worms live for few months.
Most worms live for months.
Most worms live in areas.
Most worms live in burrows.
Most worms live in cavities.
Most worms live in dirt.
Most worms live in environments.
Most worms live in fields.
Most worms live in forests.
Most worms live in habitats.
Most worms live in hosts.
Most worms live in mud.
Most worms live in natural habitats.
Most worms live in ocean habitats.
Most worms live in ocean sediments.
Most worms live in our gardens and in other soiled areas such as fields and farms.
Most worms live in regions.
Most worms live in sediments.
Most worms live in soil.
Most worms live in surround areas.
Most worms live in terrestrial environments.
Most worms live on ground.
Most worms live on surfaces.
Most worms look like worms.
Most worms make holes.
Most worms make mounds.
Most worms migrate to areas.
Most worms move from sites.
Most worms occur in habitats.
Most worms populate areas.
Most worms possess blood.
Most worms possess female organs.
Most worms possess female sexual organs.
Most worms possess genes.
Most worms possess heads.
Most worms possess organs.
Most worms possess receptors.
Most worms possess sexual organs.
Most worms probably live and die within the same year.
Most worms reach advance stages.
Most worms reach ages.
Most worms reach larval stages.
Most worms reach stages.
Most worms relate to worms.
Most worms reproduce sexually, but asexual reproduction is also known to occur.
Most worms require air.
Most worms require control environments.
Most worms require control temperature environments.
Most worms require environments.
Most worms require oxygen.
Most worms require rich environments.
Most worms require rich oxygen environments.
Most worms require warmth.
Most worms resemble caterpillars.
Most worms resemble earthworms.
Most worms resemble larvae.
Most worms seek regions.
Most worms show apparent effects.
Most worms show effects.
Most worms start life.
Most worms subsist on diets.
Most worms sustain life.
Most worms thrive in acidic conditions.
Most worms thrive in conditions.
Most worms use for bait.
Most worms use for fish bait.
Most worms use heat.
Most worms use mouthparts.
Most worms wait for prey.
Some worms absorb food.
Some worms absorb glucose.
Some worms absorb oxygen.
Some worms adapt to conditions.
Some worms affect horses.
Some worms also feed on blooms in addition to the foliage.
Some worms appear in colonies.
Some worms are inside apples.
Some worms are inside fruit.
Some worms are known as animals.
Some worms are known as prey.
Some worms are located at homes.
Some worms are located in eggs.
Some worms are located in fruit.
Some worms are located in manure.
Some worms are located in piles.
Some worms attract prey.
Some worms become kinds.
Some worms become life.
Some worms belong to phyla.
Some worms build tubes.
Some worms can be as long as three feet and can take up to two months to be completely expunged.
Some worms cause cancer.
Some worms cause death.
Some worms cause deformities.
Some worms cause diseases.
Some worms cause human diseases.
Some worms cause inflammation.
Some worms cause instant death.
Some worms cause meningitis.
Some worms cause problems.
Some worms cause severe diseases.
Some worms cause spot diseases.
Some worms cause sudden death.
Some worms chew vines.
Some worms contain nutrients.
Some worms cross tracks.
Some worms damage gastrointestinal tracts.
Some worms develop into adult insects.
Some worms develop into adults.
Some worms develop into insects.
Some worms develop into wing insects.
Some worms die of infection.
Some worms dig burrows.
Some worms eat algas.
Some worms eat apples.
Some worms eat cabbages.
Some worms eat crops.
Some worms eat dead plants.
Some worms eat diets.
Some worms eat dirt.
Some worms eat flesh.
Some worms eat in company.
Some worms eat kernels.
Some worms eat materials.
Some worms eat natural diets.
Some worms eat plants.
Some worms eat potato.
Some worms eat roots.
Some worms eat rubbish.
Some worms eat sea urchins.
Some worms eat urchins.
Some worms eat wood.
Some worms emerge from eggs.
Some worms enter arms.
Some worms enter burrows.
Some worms enter environments.
Some worms enter guts.
Some worms enter hosts.
Some worms enter mouths.
Some worms escape from capsules.
Some worms establish sites.
Some worms extract nutrients.
Some worms feed fish.
Some worms feed on blood.
Some worms feed on decay matter.
Some worms feed on fecal matter.
Some worms feed on human fecal matter.
Some worms feed on matter.
Some worms feed on nectar.
Some worms feed on plant roots.
Some worms feed on plants.
Some worms feed on roots.
Some worms feed on worms.
Some worms find along atlantic coasts.
Some worms find along coasts.
Some worms float in ponds.
Some worms generate current.
Some worms get air.
Some worms get fresh air.
Some worms get nutrients.
Some worms get waste.
Some worms give birth to offspring.
Some worms harbor bacteria.
Some worms harbor symbiotic bacteria.
Some worms has-part backs.
Some worms has-part proboscises.
Some worms has-part stomachs.
Some worms have arms.
Some worms have capability.
Some worms have channels.
Some worms have enough moisture.
Some worms have environments.
Some worms have eyes to see with.
Some worms have gills.
Some worms have moisture.
Some worms have muscular pharynxs.
Some worms have pharynxs.
Some worms have quality.
Some worms have shells.
Some worms infect dogs.
Some worms infect fish.
Some worms infect goats.
Some worms infect hamsters.
Some worms infect hosts.
Some worms infect intestines.
Some worms infect kidneys.
Some worms infect noses.
Some worms infect pheasants.
Some worms infect pigs.
Some worms infect sheep.
Some worms inhabit intestines.
Some worms inhabit sediments.
Some worms inhabit tracts.
Some worms invade livers.
Some worms kill caterpillars.
Some worms kill insects.
Some worms kill moose.
Some worms leave sites.
Some worms live at bottoms.
Some worms live for half years.
Some worms live for years.
Some worms live freely in soil and some protists in water until they can reach a human host.
Some worms live in arteries.
Some worms live in calcareous tubes.
Some worms live in cecums.
Some worms live in crabs.
Some worms live in cracks.
Some worms live in digestive tracts.
Some worms live in gardens.
Some worms live in guts.
Some worms live in intestines.
Some worms live in large intestines.
Some worms live in livers.
Some worms live in mounds.
Some worms live in Norfolk.
Some worms live in oceans.
Some worms live in sewage.
Some worms live in small intestines.
Some worms live in stomachs.
Some worms live in thin tubes.
Some worms live in tissue.
Some worms live in tracheae.
Some worms live in tracts.
Some worms live in tubes.
Some worms live in tunnels.
Some worms live in vegetation.
Some worms live in vinegar.
Some worms live inside the bodies of other animals.
Some worms live on floors.
Some worms live on ocean floors.
Some worms live on tubes.
Some worms make cells.
Some worms make colonies.
Some worms make damage.
Some worms make eggs.
Some worms make genes.
Some worms make homes.
Some worms make objects.
Some worms make structures.
Some worms make substances.
Some worms make up diets.
Some worms measure mms.
Some worms migrate through skin.
Some worms migrate to intestines.
Some worms migrate to large intestines.
Some worms migrate to regions.
Some worms occupy niches.
Some worms parasitize hosts.
Some worms parasitize humans.
Some worms penetrate skin.
Some worms pick up viruses.
Some worms possess bacteria.
Some worms possess cord.
Some worms possess food.
Some worms possess nerve cord.
Some worms possess sides.
Some worms produce erosion.
Some worms produce reaction.
Some worms produce severe erosion.
Some worms provide food.
Some worms reach adulthood.
Some worms release genetic materials.
Some worms reproduce asexually by dividing or by budding.
Some worms reproduce asexually, others sexually, and still others can do both.
Some worms resemble mealworms.
Some worms reside in environments.
Some worms reside in freshwater environments.
Some worms return to surfaces.
Some worms secrete potential allergen.
Some worms secrete various allergen.
Some worms serve as food.
Some worms serve as hosts.
Some worms share observations.
Some worms share preliminary observations.
Some worms shed exoskeletons.
Some worms shed more than others depending on how much they grow.
Some worms shed skin.
Some worms spit acid poison.
Some worms spit poison.
Some worms squirm into another computer through security holes.
Some worms submerge in water.
Some worms suck blood.
Some worms survive years.
Some worms take advantage.
Some worms take in oxygen.
Some worms thrive in environments.
Some worms turn into beetles.
Some worms undergo remarkable transformation.
Some worms undergo transformation.
Some worms use skin.
Some worms wash up on shores.
Wormhole findings push life back over billion years, scientists say.
Wormhole geometries are inherently unstable.
A wormhole is a hole
Wormholes are a direct consequence of general relativity .
Wormholes are also a very powerful mathematical metaphor for teaching general relativity.
Wormholes are another resources to cultivate.
Wormholes are holes.
Wormholes are junctions and are the only natural thing that let ships get between systems or maps.
Wormholes are predicted by the theory of general relativity.
Wormholes are subject of intense interest among today's top theoretical physicists.
Wormholes are usually landline based.
Wormholes are versetile.
Wormholes connect the alternative universes.
Wormholes contain two mouths, with a throat connecting the two.
Wormholes shortcut spacetime.
Wormian bones are present.
Some wormlike larvae avoid light.
A wormwood is a bush
Wormwood can be habit forming.
Wormwood enjoys a somewhat checkered past.
Wormwood increases the secretion of bile, thus alleviating many digestive distresses.
Wormwood is a banishing herb, used to rid a person or an area of anger and negativity.
Wormwood is a bitter plant that can paralyze or kill.
Wormwood is a collection of short stories written by Poppy.
Wormwood is a strong smelling plant that yields a bitter tasting dark green oil.
Wormwood is a very bitter plant with a long history of use as a medicinal herb.
Wormwood is an abortifacient.
Wormwood is an antiparasitic herb.
Wormwood is found in the Bible relating to bitterness.
Wormwood is known to be allergonic and can cause contact dermatitis.
Wormwood is one of Alaska's most commonly used medicinal herbs.
Wormwood is one of the bitter herbs of the Bible.
Wormwood is one of the oldest known remedies for intestinal worms.
Wormwood is popular as a flavoring for vodka in Sweden.
Wormwood is readily available at many herb shops.
Wormwood is recognized as a effective insect repellent.
Wormwood is sold in health food stores as a stomach tonic herb to make tea with.
Wormwood is still used today to flavor vermouth, however the thujone is removed.
Wormwood is strewn behind furniture, under pillows and in corners to repel fleas.
Wormwood is the name of a bitter plant.
Wormwood is used to kill internal worms, and as a tonic in bitters.
Wormwood means atomic power.
Wormwood speaks of a bitter herb.
Wormwoods opens daily for lunch and dinner.
Worn armor shrinks to fit their body size.
Worn belts can affect an engine s performance.
Worn belts can affect an engine's performance.
Worn belts can cause undue stress on the fan motor.
Worn belts tend to stretch and slip on pulley drives which reduces power and efficiency.
Worn chains accelerate the wear rate of the sprockets and visa-versa.
Worn crankshafts are ground,polished and sealed.
Worn distributor brushes'.
Worn dust cover.
Worn electrodes prevent proper skin contact.
Worn fittings necessitate the replacement of parts.
Worn frets can also cause notes to be out of tune.
Worn gears are one source of trouble in positive-displacement blowers.
Worn harnesses break causing lost of control of the horse.
Worn heels increase uneven pressure on the heel bone.
Worn leather covers, but sturdy binding of text.
Worn nozzles increase application rates and change distribution patterns.
Worn nozzles mean more chemical sprayed and often an irregular spray pattern.
Worn pads can groove rotors, causing brake noise and damage.
Worn parts can cause loss of control, creating problems in the finish.
Worn prongs are another problem area.
Worn seals can release asbestos fibers during use.
Worn shoes stamp out a rhythm on the pedal.
Worn soles are dangerous.
A worn spot is a patch
Worn spots are emergent.
Worn stones tilt crazily and the Hebrew text is worn into greater incomprehensibility.
Worn tapes increase the rate of head wear and are a source of debris and contamination.
Worn tiles are replaced as needed, so the customer is always happy.
Worn tires are more susceptible to damage and reduce road-holding in wet conditions.
Worn tires can cause wheel slip from poor traction and increased fuel consumption.
Worn tires provide less grip.
Worn tires tend to hydroplane.
Worn valves mean increased leakage, and thus poorer air pumping performance.
Worried consumers tend to snap shut their wallets.
Worried customers have tires on skids .
Worried diners ask about food poisoning.
Worried fans can put their hearts to rest.
Worried firms do irrational things.
Worried optimists forecast cloudy times ahead but no great downpour.
Worried parents preview.
Worried people gravitate to precious metals.
Worried users bail.
A worrier is a person
Worrier isa individual.
Worrier isa person.
Worrier isa somebody.
Worrier isa someone.
Worriers are spoilsports.
Worriers build life on wealth just as much as the wealthy.
Worriers have (part) arms.
Worriers have (part) body substances.
Worriers have (part) cell membranes.
Worriers have (part) cells.
Worriers have (part) corpi.
Worriers have (part) cytoplasm.
Worriers have (part) heads.
Worriers have (part) human bodies.
Worriers have (part) legs.
Worriers have (part) material bodies.
Worriers have (part) necks.
Worriers have (part) nuclei.
Worriers have (part) personality.
Worriers have (part) plasma membranes.
Worriers have (part) sections.
Worriers have (part) vacuoles.
Worriers have a low tolerance for ambiguity and uncertainty.
Worriers have difficulty feeling in control of their money.
Worriers live in the future.
Worriers look worried.
Worriers spend a lot of time shoveling smoke.
Worriers tend to talk to themselves in negative terms.
Worriers often have excess energy.
Worrisome pop makes matters worse by imposing a unique dating restriction.
Worrisome symptoms can include difficulty urinating and a weak urinary stream.
Worry dolls come in either a bag or a box.
Worries also center around the amount of time spent by their kids online.
Worries are also writ large for the engineering.
Worries are few.
Worries are human - anxiety divine.
Worries are human.
Worries arise from the mind.
Worries can range from adverse newsroom reaction to audience backlash.
Worries come when one has to decide.
Worries escalate about hog waste .
Worries extend to other buildings as well.
Worries fall away.
Worries float away on sweet tunes.
Worries generally arise out of one of three categories.
Worries increase around everything from jobs becoming dull, to lack of energy.
Worries only bring wrinkles.
Worry accomplishes nothing whatsoever.
Worry builds when men hit their thirties and they notice their hair is thinning.
Worry causes worry.
Worry does no good.
Worry fritters away time and energy.
Worry frustrates one's best functioning.
Worry is a stimulus
Worry is anxiety.
Worry is as useless as sawing sawdust.
Worry is created by uncertainty.
Worry is fear's extravagance.
Worry is neither profitable nor constructive.
Worry is rust on the blade.
Worry is rust upon the blade.
Worry looks around, sorrow looks down, and faith looks up.
Worry looks around.
Worry prevents recovery.
Worry pulls tomorrow's cloud over today's bright sunshine.
Worry pulls tomorrow's cloud over today's sunshine.
Worry reveals lack of faith.
Worry slows their stride.
Worry takes as much time as work and pays less.
Worry takes over.
Worries often keep the patient with cancer in unnecessary pain.
Any worries are reasonable.
Most worries are unnecessary.
Some worries are more legitimate.
Some worry is good.
Worrying body whiffs Everyone worries about body odour and whether they whiff.
Worrying news continues to come from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Worrying is agitation.
A worrywart is a person
Worrywarts do the opposite.
Worrywarts waste important time and energy.
Worse case is a general damage to the integrity of amateurs operating on community sites.
Worse case is archive is damaged and inaccessible.
Worse case is linear in the size of the container.
Worse health can explain the different rates of hospitalizations.
Worse odors are usually mold spores in the woodwork or plasterwork.
Worse ones endanger their riders with whiplash speeds.
Worse pitfalls await the buyer who wants to return a purchase.
Worse problems can result though.
Worse Suppliers have off-loaded management onto customers.
Worse things are right around the corner.
Worse things await.
Worse things can go wrong with circumcision.
Worse things can happen though.
Worse things can happen with data changing in the middle of processing results and such things.
Worse things happen at sea.
Worse things happen.
Worse trouble lies ahead . . .
Worsham graduates are among the outstanding leaders in the field of funeral service.
Worship leaders are free to use as many or as few of the ideas as desired.
Worship leaders have more authority when their lives match their songs.
Worship leaders have songs that include verses for just the children.
Worship leaders hold very public and therefore vulnerable positions.
Worship leaders wear wireless microphone headsets.
Every worship leader has to have a time for re-fuelling.
Most worship leaders are able to function well when everything is going fine.
Worship music is a hot button for some.
Worship music is provided by a professional organist.
Worship music is traditional.
Worship service begins.
Worship service is exciting and upbeat.
Worship service is followed by coffee and fellowship.
Worship services are also occasions to celebrate various special events in the lives of our members.
Worship services are contemporary and informal in style.
Worship services are free and open to the public.
Worship services are free and the public is invited.
Worship services are highly emotional.
Worship services are just the tip of the iceberg.
Worship services are like fitness programs.
Worship services are quite informal but have structure.
Worship services are religious ceremony.
Worship services are the most visible aspects of their job.
Worship services can focus on social issues.
Worship services continue to held in the same building today.
Worship services end when the police make a surprise visit.
Worship services have to be planned, they don t just happen.
Worship services offer various styles of worship thoughout the week.
Worship services range from highly formal to very informal.
Worship services resound with lively hymns and songs of praise in the heart language.
Worship services vary in expression.
All worship services are communion services.
All worship services are interdenominational, with some being inter-religious.
All worship services are open to the entire group.
All worship services are video and audio taped and can be purchased.
Every worship service is designed around a theme that is stated at the beginning of the service.
Every worship service is taped through our sound system.
Many worship services combine elements of both traditions.
Some worship services are sign language interpreted.
Worship songs can be as effective when sequenced.
Worship teams are cost-effective.
Worship teams can inadvertently foster elitism within the church.
Worship teams can, by their choice of repertoire, cheapen the doctrinal stance of a church.
Worship teams provide an atmosphere with nearly anyone can participate in the service.
Worship teams provide stability for the worship leader and support for the congregation.
Worship allows many to maintain a sense of continuity with their past.
Worship based primarily on emotion is both dangerous and shallow.
Worship becomes a daily living sacrifice.
Worship becomes an acting-out of lifestyle, in effect a praise of self.
Worship becomes an end in itself.
Worship becomes central to our lives.
Worship becomes miraculous as misery is transformed into music in the theater of human experience.
Worship becomes more dynamic and spiritually meaningful.
Worship becomes routine and mindless.
Worship be-comes the primary training ground for the life of discipleship and servanthood.
Worship begins as Friends enter the meeting room and are seated in quiet.
Worship begins in the Bakersfield area.
Worship begins in the church.
Worship begins in the heart of the believer.
Worship begins in wonder.
Worship brings together students, faculty, staff and administrative personnel.
Worship brings understanding into our situation.
Worship can be an intergenerational event.
Worship can be both an event and a lifestyle.
Worship can be calm and reverent, but it can also be an excellent time of loud and joyous praise.
Worship can be exuberant praise, joyous celebration or quiet contemplation.
Worship can be in church groups large and small.
Worship can be like a pressure cooker.
Worship can be powerful in a small group setting.
Worship can be public or private, indoors or outdoors, upbeat or reflective.
Worship can be very flattering.
Worship can bring out the best or the worst in our leadership.
Worship can include art, pictures, sculptures, visuals, all kinds of music, symbols.
Worship celebrates our community.
Worship celebrates that presence.
Worship comes first.
Worship comes from contemplation.
Worship comes from the inner springs of the heart.
Worship concludes with a quiet time to pray for others.
Worship consists in fact of two kinds, positive and negative.
Worship consists of a life of devotion.
Worship consists of a silent gathering.
Worship consists of singing, prayer, a Bible lesson, and learning activities.
Worship Coordinates all aspects of our church worship.
Worship demands concentration whether in learning, applying, praying, or in the communion service.
Worship demands concentration, learning, understanding.
Worship depends upon relationship.
Worship does something supernatural to our inner being.
Worship does that.
Worship easily becomes slovenly, perfunctory, mechanical, dull.
Worship embraces world.
Worship enables a change of mindset.
Worship enables rejoicing.
Worship expresses mutuality.
Worship expresses our hope.
Worship falls into that category.
Worship flows from a grateful heart.
Worship flows throughout various pages of the site.
Worship follows the pattern used in the Netherlands.
Worship follows the seasons and holy days of the traditional liturgical year.
Worship forms our hearts and directs our discipleship.
Worship gives faith and longevity to intercession.
Worship goes deeper.
Worship goes way beyond a song.
Worship helps bring into focus the relationship between faith and service to the poor.
Worship helps restore that focus.
Worship helps to get things into a proper perspective.
Worship here is intellectually, emotionally and spiritually continuous.
Worship includes acts of singing, solitude, meditation, journaling and memorizing scripture.
Worship includes adoration, praise, confession, and commitment.
Worship includes daily prayer, pilgrimages and fasting.
Worship includes homilies which speak to the heart, and music that inspires.
Worship includes rites dealing with ghosts, exorcisms, faith healing, fortune telling and magic.
Worship includes singing, giving, praising, teaching, and other activities.
Worship includes singing, prayers, communion, and an exploration of the scripture lesson.
Worship includes the ideas of fear and awe, as well as surrender and allegiance.
Worship involves all of life.
Worship involves both spirit and truth.
Worship involves confession of our sins.
Worship involves elaborate rituals and festivals.
Worship involves giving.
Worship involves mystery.
Worship involves sacrifice.
Worship involves thankfulness and joy.
Worship involves the proper person giving adoration to the proper object in a proper way.
Worship involves the senses as well as intellect.
Worship is a big part of family and community life.
Worship is a big topic within the church.
Worship is a big word.
Worship is a blend between the formal and the informal style and the inclusion of young and old.
Worship is a bodily thing.
Worship is a central act of the community.
Worship is a coming to our senses in the presence of Holy Love.
Worship is a common word used for an uncommon practice.
Worship is a conscious activity.
Worship is a contemporary service.
Worship is a contraction of the old English word 'worth-ship'.
Worship is a cornerstone to our growth.
Worship is a daunting task.
Worship is a dominant theme in the Bible.
Worship is a feast.
Worship is a focal point of Christian communities.
Worship is a great privilege.
Worship is a high energy mix of musical styles, prayer involvement, and varied messages.
Worship is a high priority at Lutheran South.
Worship is a joy and education a priority.
Worship is a life long journey.
Worship is a life-style expressed with private consistency and corporate vibrancy.
Worship is a lifestyle, expressed with private consistency and corporate vibrancy.
Worship is a lifestyle.
Worship is a major focus of the congregation.
Worship is a manner of living.
Worship is a matter of the heart.
Worship IS a matter of the kingdom.
Worship is a matter of the state of our hearts.
Worship is a means of following religion.
Worship is a part of every meeting, and a major part of most mission group retreat activity.
Worship is a part of our prayer.
Worship is a personal encounter.
Worship is a political act.
Worship is a pooling of our human love in a chorus of wonder and praise.
Worship is a powerful agent of deliverance and rescue.
Worship is a powerful ingredient in the early church.
Worship is a practice that shapes and forms Christian identity and knowledge.
Worship is a prime target for radical modification.
Worship is a priority, combining both contemporary styles and traditional.
Worship is a reflection of the unity and plurality of our community.
Worship is a response to revelation.
Worship is a response to stress, the extremes of existence.
Worship is a response.
Worship is a spiritual activity that transcends our physical surroundings.
Worship is a spiritual exercise, requiring energy and effort.
Worship is a time for singing, silence, and thoughtful reflection.
Worship is a time of reflection.
Worship is a total waste of time.
Worship is a two-way street.
Worship is a unique blend of music, study and prayer with childcare provided.
Worship is a verb.
Worship is a very human experience.
Worship is a very important aspect of our fellowship.
Worship is a very political act.
Worship is a vital focus of our church life.
Worship is a vital key to personal change.
Worship is a vital part of all our services.
Worship is a way of life.
Worship is a way of living.
Worship is a word that is so used around the church that it has almost become rote.
Worship is about a whole lot more than being entertained.
Worship is about adoring one who is holy and who is a consuming fire.
Worship is about burning bushes.
Worship is about letting go of our sin.
Worship is about people celebrating.
Worship is about the worshipper ascribing worth to what is worshipped.
Worship is about who is being worshipped.
Worship is activities.
Worship is all about soul care.
Worship is all that is involved in adoration.
Worship is also a major focus of weekend retreats and other special gatherings of our group.
Worship is also grounded in obedient godly living and serving.
Worship is also individual.
Worship is also refreshing to groups and individuals.
Worship is always a strong part of the Catholic community.
Worship is always an important aspect of our ministry.
Worship is always multi-sensory and multimedia.
Worship is always tasteful and appropriate.
Worship is always that way.
Worship is always useless.
Worship is Amen and Hallelujah.
Worship is an action.
Worship is an activity of the church in which the seeker is invited to participate.
Worship is an activity which is both external as well as internal.
Worship is an activity
Worship is an affair both of the heart and the mind.
Worship is an affair of the heart.
Worship is an attitude of giving and generosity.
Worship is an attitude of the heart.
Worship is an end in itself.
Worship is an essential ingredient for a successful Christian life.
Worship is an essential part of our life and work together.
Worship is an essential, critical part of being spiritually alive.
Worship is an expression of our being.
Worship is an important part of life on the base.
Worship is an important part of our meetings.
Worship is an informed emotional response a.
Worship is an integral part of each cohort course.
Worship is an integral part of the Ranch during the summer.
Worship is an intensely personal activity.
Worship is an issue of the heart rather than the outward appearance.
Worship is an obligation, an activity and a response.
Worship is an occasion when the heart is liberated to love and the mind to think.
Worship is an ongoing, daily activity.
Worship is an opportunity also to express joy and to seek peace and comfort of the spirit.
Worship is another central part of life in our church.
Worship is art.
Worship is as practical as living.
Worship is as public as it is private.
Worship is at the center of everything that the church believes, practices and seeks to accomplish.
Worship is at the center of life.
Worship is at the center of our parish life.
Worship is at the centre of their lives.
Worship is at the core of our being in family, in congregation, in community.
Worship is at the heart and center of college life.
Worship is at the heart of college life.
Worship is at the heart of our life together.
Worship is at the very heart and center of our mission.
Worship is attitude.
Worship is authenticated in a number of ways.
Worship is automatic in the face of majesty.
Worship is awe, but worship is also allegiance.
Worship is based on expectant waiting for guidance from the divine source within.
Worship is both broad and narrow.
Worship is both liturgical and relevant.
Worship is both priestly and prophetic.
Worship is capable of addressing a wide range of human experiences and emotions.
Worship is celebration.
Worship is celebrative and meaningful.
Worship is celebrative as well as reflective and inspirational.
Worship is central in the life of our congregation.
Worship is central to all of life.
Worship is central to life.
Worship is central to our congregation s life and ministry.
Worship is central to our faith.
Worship is central to our parish community .
Worship is central to that effort.
Worship is central to the Christian faith.
Worship is central to the Christian life.
Worship is central to the conference experience.
Worship is central to the life of our community.
Worship is cited as a key ingredient in the transformation of both congregations.
Worship is commanded but it is also our pleasure.
Worship is commitment.
Worship is communal and participatory.
Worship is concentration of truth in the human spirit.
Worship is conducted in a building reflecting the earliest of Christian faith traditions.
Worship is conducted in English, following the Byzantine-Ukrainian usage.
Worship is conducted in homes and it is proposed to build Churches too in the near future.
Worship is conducted in the interdenominational chapel.
Worship is conducted without the use of instrumental music - only a capella singing.
Worship is contemporary and casual.
Worship is contemporary and excellent.
Worship is contemporary with an intimate flowing musical style.
Worship is contemporary.
Worship is corporate only in the sense that everyone is in one place doing something together.
Worship is corporate.
Worship is created using light, sound, music, video, words and other multimedia elements.
Worship is creative.
Worship is dangerous.
Worship is deference or honor shown to a person.
Worship is designed to meet the needs of all ages.
Worship is designed to restructure our thinking and reset our course along the lines of our calling.
Worship is designed with the unchurched in mind.
Worship is different everywhere because of different cultures.
Worship is different from just going to church.
Worship is different in a small church than in a large church.
Worship is discipline.
Worship is done by the crew assigned to breakfast that day.
Worship is done in private prayer, but is also done with other believers in a service of worship.
Worship is embodied movement, from the processional of a choir to the lifting of hands in praise.
Worship is empty.
Worship is encouraged.
Worship is enhanced by three choirs, soloists, instrumentalists, chancel drama, and sacred dance.
Worship is enhanced when done as a family.
Worship is enough for children, youth and adults, and is a basic part of the covenant they make.
Worship is entirely in the Korean language while Christian education is in English.
Worship is essential to being a person of character.
Worship is exciting and powerful with a full range of instruments involved.
Worship is expressed through sacraments, prayer services and personal devotions.
Worship is fairly informal and includes a variety of musical styles.
Worship is first and foremost a heart condition.
Worship is first and foremost an experience of the heart.
Worship is followed by a buffet dinner prepared by student chefs.
Worship is followed by a short break for refreshments.
Worship is followed by homemade cake and coffee and a time of fellowship.
Worship is followed by lunch.
Worship is for everyone.
Worship is for our benefit.
Worship is for our personal benefit.
Worship is for the entire family.
Worship is for the purpose of energizing our bodies by energizing our spirits.
Worship is for the righteous.
Worship is for the whole congregation, old, young, single, married, adult and child.
Worship is foremost.
Worship is friendly, informal, and people of all ages are invited.
Worship is from the heart first regardless of the form.
Worship is generally traditional in format with familiar hymns and liturgy.
Worship is given highest priority, as is appropriate.
Worship is held every evening with music, incense and the sound of conch.
Worship is held in a traditional setting with excellent music and good congregational participation.
Worship is held outdoors in good weather and in private homes during inclement weather.
Worship is held to be so central that liturgy is addressed with a statement appended to the report.
Worship is here prostration.
Worship is highlighted by contemporary music and preaching that is scriptural centered.
Worship is hindered by unconfessed sin, carnal impulses, idolatry and laziness.
Worship is horizontal.
Worship is important in and of itself.
Worship is important to our citizens.
Worship is in the German language.
Worship is in the seventy-third year of publication.
Worship is inclusive.
Worship is inescapable.
Worship is informal and all ages are invited to participate.
Worship is informal and has great variety.
Worship is informal.
Worship is inscribed in the order of creation.
Worship is interactive.
Worship is involved.
Worship is inward, while serving is outward.
Worship is joyous.
Worship is just a means.
Worship is lead by a praise team, featuring keyboards, guitars, drums and a vocal ensemble.
Worship is led by a praise team.
Worship is led by our worship choir, accompanied by members of the worship team.
Worship is less formal, with the use of lively hymns, hand-clapping and rhythm instruments.
Worship is like plugging into a current that's always on.
Worship is like that wall of wet paint.
Worship is like the center of the labyrinth.
Worship is liturgical and involves the laity as well as the pastor.
Worship is love.
Worship is meaningless, if the people are being disobedient.
Worship is meant for all, younger and older.
Worship is mindless.
Worship is more a posture of the heart than of the body anyway.
Worship is more informal, less predictable, always changing, like all the rest of life.
Worship is more than drums, guitars, flutes, keyboards.
Worship is more than just going to church.
Worship is more than just singing on the weekend and going to church.
Worship is more than paying homage.
Worship is more than singing or a certain style, form or instrumentation.
Worship is natural, spontaneous.
Worship is never a step on our way up to any other experience.
Worship is never cheap.
Worship is never to be just a feeling, even if it is an intense feeling.
Worship is no longer lip-service.
Worship is now a Preaching and Prayer service, without music.
Worship is obviously central, but it takes a variety of forms.
Worship is of many types physical, financial and hearty.
Worship is offered to the beehive.
Worship is offered twice daily.
Worship is often misunderstood.
Worship is on one the basic ways people learn what it means to be Christian.
Worship is one of the most ancient traditions of the church.
Worship is one of the seven faith practices highlighted within the call.
Worship is one's way of life.
Worship is open to the public.
Worship is orderly , yet informal.
Worship is our centering place and the focal point of our lives together.
Worship is our dance.
Worship is our focus.
Worship is our highest duty and our greatest privilege.
Worship is our most effective weapon against our enemy.
Worship is our primary task and joy.
Worship is our prime responsibility.
Worship is our whole being alive with love and gratitude.
Worship is part fo their daily lives.
Worship is participative and simpler.
Worship is personal, worship is specific and worship is costly.
Worship is personal.
Worship is planned and led by student chapel teams.
Worship is planted at the core of our being.
Worship is primarily a giving situation.
Worship is primarily an attitude.
Worship is primarily an individual decision and involves three obligatory prayers.
Worship is primitive.
Worship is pure reception.
Worship is rejected unless proffered by love and gratitude.
Worship is related to all of life.
Worship is required of all men.
Worship is response language.
Worship is response.
Worship is rich and full.
Worship is richer, fuller and longer than ever.
Worship is routine and mechanical.
Worship is routine punctuated by festivity.
Worship is sacrifice.
Worship is seen as passive as opposed to active.
Worship is self-emptying.
Worship is serious business.
Worship is simply the church's corporate expression at specified times in a specified place.
Worship is so intense in Orthodoxy.
Worship is so vital in our Christian life.
Worship is sometimes an instrument of racial separation and oppression.
Worship is spirits being ignited by the divine fire.
Worship is spiritual and inward.
Worship is spontaneous and effortless.
Worship is such an exciting part of the Christian walk.
Worship is supported by adult and children's choirs, as well as a newly installed pipe organ.
Worship is supposed to be like that.
Worship is surrender to the claim for assimilation, urged with the motive force of mutual love.
Worship is tailor-made for times of trouble.
Worship is the acknowledgment of joining, sharing, mutuality.
Worship is the antidote to grumbling.
Worship is the attitude that makes our discipline alive, it is the experiencial side.
Worship is the best prescription in the world for the virus of self-pity.
Worship is the best.
Worship is the celebration of all the community's people of all ages together.
Worship is the celebration of our religion.
Worship is the center of our church s life.
Worship is the center of our common life.
Worship is the center of our life as a Christian community.
Worship is the center of our life.
Worship is the center.
Worship is the central experience of our life as a community of believers.
Worship is the climax of living.
Worship is the continual response of a thankful heart.
Worship is the core of our corporate life in a faith community.
Worship is the core.
Worship is the engine, the heart, of the life of the church.
Worship is the expression of a love relationship.
Worship is the first issue.
Worship is the focal point of our church life.
Worship is the foundation of our music program.
Worship is the fuel and goal of missions and missions leads to more worship.
Worship is the fundamental difference between humans and animals.
Worship is the fundamental instinct of life.
Worship is the goal and reason for missions.
Worship is the goal of the Exodus from Egypt.
Worship is the heart of our Christian life.
Worship is the heartbeat of the church.
Worship is the highest activity of the human spirit.
Worship is the highest and noblest act any person can do.
Worship is the highest possible motivator.
Worship is the hub from which the spokes of our ministry emerge.
Worship is the igniting fuel and the ultimate goal of world evangelization.
Worship is the key word in Scripture.
Worship is the key.
Worship is the main activity of our church.
Worship is the most important thing that a human being can do.
Worship is the most important thing the church does.
Worship is the most important thing, absolutely.
Worship is the most important, highest, greatest spiritual activity of the church.
Worship is the occupation of the whole being with something.
Worship is the only first step on path of devotion.
Worship is the overflow of a grateful heart, under a sense of divine favour.
Worship is the place where so many aspects of our faith come together publicly.
Worship is the prerequisite for effective service.
Worship is the prescription for discouragement.
Worship is the priest's first and foremost occupation.
Worship is the primary purpose of the church.
Worship is the primary task of every church.
Worship is the purpose of music in the church.
Worship is the ritual reenactment of our theology.
Worship is the sublime and awesome key to everything the church does.
Worship is the symbol of veneration and of honour.
Worship is the tendency of people to choose paradigmatic role models with which to govern life.
Worship is the test.
Worship is the thundering applause of loyal subjects gathered around the enthroned monarch.
Worship is the very best structure of all.
Worship is the vital life-blood of the church.
Worship is the work of the congregation.
Worship is tied to religion.
Worship is to be carried over as an attitude to the whole of life.
Worship is to be done decently and in order.
Worship is to build up the believer and help the curious, skeptical, and uncommitted.
Worship is to the Christian life what breathing is to our body.
Worship is traditional with a contemporary flair.
Worship is uniquely human.
Worship is unprogrammed.
Worship is upbeat and exciting, and children are welcome to share in the worship service.
Worship is upbeat and relaxed, neither ignoring nor idolizing tradition.
Worship is vain, empty, nothing, where the heart is unmoved.
Worship is valueless if it exists only on the level of the flesh, or of the soul.
Worship is very important in the parish.
Worship is vital to the life of our congregation.
Worship is what is missing from modern evangelicalism.
Worship is with reverence and godly fear.
Worship is worthship, or honor paid to dignity or worth.
Worship is, in the end, the true purpose of life.
Worship is, indeed, both fuel and the goal of missions.
Worship is, therefore, governed by all of the same freedoms and constraints as all Christian life.
Worship isa activity.
Worship leads to obedience and availability.
Worship leads to rejoicing.
Worship lies at the heart of the Christian faith and the church's missionary task.
Worship lies at the heart of the Christian faith and the church's missionarytask.
Worship literally means worth ship.
Worship looks around.
Worship looks up.
Worship means literally to prostrate one's self in token of reverence.
Worship means to acknowledge the worth or value of someone or something.
Worship means to adore, or to show respect and honor to the worthy one.
Worship means worthship .
Worship means worth-ship.
Worship moves our mind toward a different reality.
Worship needs to balance exuberance and reverence.
Worship needs to be a priority in our lives as individuals and as a community.
Worship needs to be the centerpiece of our lives.
Worship needs to come first and to be the center of our lives.
Worship never takes place just in our minds.
Worship occurs in large and small groups and individually.
Worship occurs throughout the week in a variety of ways.
Worship opens heavy locks on broken hearts.
Worship operates in the present tense.
Worship plays a central part in our church and youth camps.
Worship plays a central role in the life of the community.
Worship plays a vital role in our spiritual journey.
Worship plays an important part.
Worship provides a time for celebration and the lifting up of special concerns.
Worship provides inspiration, support, encouragement, and joy for all ages.
Worship provides the cosmic energy necessary for gods own miracles.
Worship provides the cosmic energy necessary for gods' own miracles.
Worship provides time for reflection, which is an important part of life.
Worship reaches deep, dark places and opens heavy locks on broken hearts.
Worship refreshes our spirit.
Worship renews the spirit as sleep renews the body.
Worship requires a fundamental attitude of strict discipline and reverence.
Worship requires a fundemental attitude of strict discipline and reverence.
Worship requires attention.
Worship requires content.
Worship requires preparation.
Worship requires total abandon.
Worship runs in the opposite direction of all three.
Worship sets the context for our actions.
Worship shapes our belief, and then our belief shapes our daily actions.
Worship starts and ends with prayer, and most services include singing.
Worship starts with the leader.
Worship stops and whining begins.
Worship takes place in the sanctuary.
Worship takes preparation, which is itself a spiritual discipline.
Worship takes time.
Worship turn the bible study format into a worship format.
Worship unites the campus.
Worship welcomes new people and focuses on celebration, proclamation and evangelism.
Worship always comes first in Scripture.
Worship always comes first in the Christian congregation.
All worship is good for is love.
Every worship includes a dramatic skit, intended to evoke humor while augmenting the sermon.
Some worship offers style.
A worshipper is a religious person
Worshippers are Christian residents of the home, of many different denominations.
Worshippers are like the spokes of a wheel.
Worshippers are located in churchs.
Worshippers are located in synagogues.
Worshippers are welcome.
Worshippers believe that by unveiling the universal truths, the world can achieve peace and harmony.
Worshippers can also use a large operating door in the main facade for more direct access.
Worshippers can be good business for local hawkers.
Worshippers can clap and sing to the praise songs as well as hear a topical message.
Worshippers can watch the priest, the deacon and the acolytes as they move around the chancel.
Worshippers climb the steps.
Worshippers come from different congregations about the city, and also from the nations.
Worshippers fill in the insert and place it on the offering plate.
Worshippers gather for weekday mass.
Worshippers go and sit in isolation.
Worshippers go daily to the sthanak, hall, to make darshan, seeing, of the resident monks.
Worshippers go to church and the lights are turned out.
Worshippers hold their hands over their heads, palms upward, in an ancient gesture of prayer.
Worshippers jump and dance themselves into a frenzy to their worship music, just like pagans do.
Worshippers leave a legacy behind which ministers to others for generations to come.
Worshippers look to the pre-Christian or ancient religions of Europe.
Worshippers provide their own ritual robes.
Worshippers remain in the service until after the postlude is finished.
Worshippers seeking new directions join in praise and service.
Worshippers sing the latest contemporary choruses using our state of the art projection system.
Worshippers sit and wait for divine guidance and inspiration.
Worshippers throng the temple on festivals and religious occasions to pray and seek blessings.
Worshippers value a service in their native language.
Worshippers witness baptisms with some regularity, and generally baptisms are a happy moment.
Worshippers often emulate their gods by wearing clothes or tokens of the same color.
All worshippers are welcome.
Most worshippers live within the parish boundaries.
Some worshippers believe the water has healing properties when drunk or sprinkled over the sick.
Some worshippers bow their heads.
Some worshippers drink from the chalice, in tribute.
Some worshippers stand on edged sword and are carried on open palanquins .
Worsley inequality is rather conservative.
Worst advice is to try harder as symptoms increase.
Worst boss can be a current or previous manger.
Worst case are the hunters which hunt in packs.
Worst case bounds for shortest path interval routing .
Worst case bounds for shortest path interval routing.
Worst case is an image map.
Worst case is cable replacement.
Worst case is linear in the number of items per slot.
Worst case is linear in the size of the container.
Worst case is much easier, and is deterministic, because there is no probability involved.
Worst case is that the penalties can be staggering.
Worst case is two young persons by each workstation.
Worst case is usually by the next day . . .
Worst case is, well, let's just say it's a good job market out there.
Worst case means just that.
Worst case requires n comparisons.
Worst damage is a deep waterstain on rear board along spine.
Worst damage is in Pyongyang and on the plains in the west coast.
Worst fears are realized, a worthy hill is conquered and the author prays for death.
Worst hit are the farmers.
Worst hit is Argentina where even industrial output and investments have declined.
Worst hurts feel most at long expense.
Worst news is still the price.
Worst offenders are fraternity members and their guests.
Worst parts are bugs, and redesign issues.
Worst parts are the scheduling and managing of other peoples' time.
Worst points have to be the dialogue and thin characterizations.
Worst problems are poison hemlock invasions and agricultural runoff.
Worst situation is the short end at wide open.
Worst thing is that everyone's old order information is gone.
Worst times drag the mind and sense.
Worst vice is chocolate.
Worst weather comes from the southwest quadrant.
Worsted fabric is a more luxurious product in look and feel.
Worsted fabrics remain remarkably fluid.
Worsted lace is also much used, and a quilling of plain or velvet ribbon is always elegant.
Worsted wool is another cool choice for summer fabrics.
Worsted wool is one of the best fabrics to consider.
Worsted wool is usually very fine and used for suits and fine fabric.
Worsted wool is wool which is carded and combed so that all the fibres are parallel.
Worsted wool wears extremely well and keeps it good looks for years with proper care.
Worsted wools are lightweight for spring and summer.
Worsted yarn is made from longer fibers of fleece that usually come from the back of a sheep.
Worsted yarn is thread
Worsted yarns are smooth, strong and long-wearing.
Wort plants have flowers.
Wort plants have yellow flowers.
Wort plants reach maturity.
Most wort plants have flowers.
Most wort plants have yellow flowers.
Most wort plants reach maturity.
Some wort plants survive fire.
A wort is a herb
WORT considers live-remote broadcasts to be a vital part of the station's mission.
Wort contains all the sugars of the malt and certain secondary constituents.
WORT hopes to challenge the average community listener to try something new and different.
Wort is a term for the unfermented beer.
Wort is an old English term that means plant.
Wort is stirred in a circular motion and collects in the center of the whirlpool.
Wort is the beginning of all beers.
Wort is the water extract of the grains used in the manufacture of beer and similar malt beverages.
Wort is used in making beer and spirits.
Wort isa herb.
Worts are herbs.
Worts are liquids.
Worts are malts.
Worts grow in sites.
Worts have (part) cell membranes.
Worts have (part) cells.
Worts have (part) corpi.
Worts have (part) cytoplasm.
Worts have (part) nuclei.
Worts have (part) plasma membranes.
Worts have (part) sections.
Worts have (part) vacuoles.
Worts have (part) vegetables.
Most worts grow in sites.
Some worts have chemical properties.
Some worts have distribution.
Some worts have pain.
Some worts have properties.
Some worts have similar chemical properties.
Some worts improve symptoms.
Some worts interfere with absorption.
Some worts invade areas.
Some worts invade wood areas.
Worth airport is larger than New York City's Manhattan Island.
Worth Architecture Use the arrows in each section to view different images.
Worth area are free to arrange their own accommodations.
Worth area continues to be one of the fastest growing metropolitan areas in the state.
Worth area has to offer.
Worth area is full of attractions for the tourists.
Worth area supports a professional team representing each major sport.
Worth bat has a rubber grip and painted finish.
Worth Chapter is available here.
Worth County is located in north central Iowa.
Worth couple seeks to adopt newborn to toddler.
Worth facility offers a full range of general warehousing and distribution services.
Worth magazine publishes a directory of planners it has found to be the best in the country.
Worth magazine says it's America's richest town.
Worth needs is getaway packages that show off the rest of what the place is made of.
Worth program is credited with helping to greatly lower neighborhood crime.
Worth sellers are in a position to capture an ever-growing share of the direct sales market.
Worth soils occur in areas that have a fragipan.
Worth tasting is the homely fare.
Worth township is near Lexington.
Worth visitors guide listing areas to see and upcoming events.
Worth isa indefinite quantity.
Any worthwhile achievement is largely a matter of meeting one challenge after another.
Every worthwhile cause has behind it many unsung heroes.
Worthwhile content is essential.
All worthwhile education is the conversion business.
All worthwhile endeavors require commitment, dedication, and perseverance.
Most worthwhile enterprises involve risks.
Worthwhile equipment is generally low-tech, durable, repairable and in good condition.
Every worthwhile girl does.
Worthwhile goals are often complex and achieved over multiple years.
Worthwhile goals require sacrifice.
Worthwhile goals take time.
Every worthwhile life is one of unselfish service, of inspiration to others.
Worthwhile links point to sites that are an interest to game developers.
All worthwhile mathematics has direct and obvious practical application.
Worthwhile ministries flood our mailbox with requests to help out during the summer months.
Any worthwhile organization needs interested and motivated members.
Every worthwhile organization needs a Web presence of some sort.
Many worthwhile organizations rely on volunteers and donations to keep functioning.
Worthwhile palliation is achieved in many patients.
Every worthwhile project begins with someone's good idea.
Worthwhile purchases are French imports, including perfume, wine, liqueurs and Lalique crystal.
Many worthwhile resources cost money.
Worthwhile results come from hard work and careful planning.
Every worthwhile story needs a human interest element.
Worthwhile things come only from work.
Worthwhile things take risk.
All worthwhile things come from hard work and careful planning.
Most worthwhile things do.
Most worthwhile things require work and effort.
All worthy achievements are the fruit of venturing.
Worthy art is an essential, integral element in the sacred beauty of a church building.
Worthy candidates receive excellent pay and great opportunities for growth.
Many worthy causes compete for the rare person who can devote time to a volunteer effort.
Worthy efforts are underway to ascribe monetary value to intellectual capital.
Worthy email is most welcome.
Any worthy endeavor is a timely rotation through a conceptual evolution.
Worthy exceptions do exist, but they are rather rare.
Worthy failure is so sad.
Worthy goals take very hard work.
Any worthy goal involves change.
Many worthy inspectors have yet to discover the cost-benefits of trade guild membership.
All worthy males can hold priesthood.
Most worthy projects are an intelligent mix.
Many worthy proposals remain unfunded.
Worthy subscribers can get a free camera and developing and have their photos appear on our site.
A worthy is an adult
Worthy begins the third period down.
Worthy wants to examine programs available to students.
Some worthies say that fertilizer produces rampant soft growth that dies back over the winter.
Most wouldn t make eye contact with one another.
Wound care is a complex interdisciplinary challenge.
Wound care is achieved by cleansing with mild soap and water.
Wound care is better, but more complicated in than in the past.
Wound care is difficult.
Wound care is important.
Wound care varies depending on the treatment area.
Wound closure is good, in as much as liquid transport within a tree works best in a straight line.
Wound contracture is initiated during re-epithelialization.
Wound healing begins with catabolic repair and occurs effectively even in the malnourished patient.
Wound healing can occasionally be a problem after knee replacement.
Wound healing fails.
Wound healing involves the synthesis of several types of tissue and scar formation.
Wound healing is an important indicator of skin health.
Wound healing is compromised in severely malnourished patients.
Wound healing is delayed and can take weeks to months.
Wound healing is demonstrated by the initial tissue response observed in the periwound region.
Wound healing is dependent on temperature and relative humidity.
Wound healing is enhanced by acupuncture.
Wound healing is impaired and patients are susceptible to infections.
Wound healing is minimal.
Wound healing is poor and 'cigarette paper' scars are common.
Wound healing is usually rapid and complete.
Wound healing occurs most rapidly at high temperatures and high humidity.
Wound healing requires the production of two to five new cell layers formed by cell division.
Wound infection can occur and is very troublesome if it involves the cartilage.
Wound infection is always a possibility and there is the inconvenience of emptying the bag or sac.
Wound infection is rare.
Wound infections are common.
Wound infections are major determinants for both acute and late complications.
Wound infections can spread to adjacent organs or tissue, or to distant areas via the blood stream.
Most wound infections occur here.
Wound repair is an orchestrated series of complex biochemical and cellular events.
Wound appears clean with irregular wound edges and minimal edema and bleeding.
Wound fills with granulation.
Wound healing studies with a different kind of light-emitting diode device are also under way.
Wound isa injury.
Wound runs length of incision.
Wounds also accepts editorials, correspondence, and legislative reviews.
Wounds also provide a direct entry point for many pathogens.
Wounds also tend to be infected after a hippo bite.
Wounds are also important entry points to leaves, shoots, and fruit.
Wounds are located in war.
Wounds are necessary for infection to occur.
Wounds are necessary for penetration of the bacteria into seed pieces.
Wounds are our number one priority right now.
Wounds are subject to infection and bleeding.
Wounds are three dimensional and are rendered with sensitivity yet also in all their harsh reality.
Wounds are unrealistic.
Wounds are very common in the horse.
Wounds are very deep and healing is necessary.
Wounds are worth healing.
Wounds become infected and eventually kill the attacker.
Wounds bleed easily and much.
Wounds bleed more, and the formation of scar tissue is more pronounced.
Wounds call for compassion and healing.
Wounds can even heal more slowly.
Wounds can happen to all, but with time, they can heal.
Wounds can heal.
Wounds can provide entry point for the fungus especially during wet periods.
Wounds can provide entry points for borers.
Wounds can range from a minor scrape to a major avulsion requiring stitches, or even surgery.
Wounds can run deep.
Wounds cause limb weakness.
Wounds cause weakness.
Wounds caused by pointy objects appear on the head and another wound can be found on the side.
Wounds caused by silver weapons heal much more slowly than other wounds.
Wounds caused by storm injury can provide an entrance point for decay organisms and insects.
Wounds commonly occur on the exposed parts of trunks and roots.
Wounds created by pain and rejection never exist again.
Wounds do heal when a local group buys the land and builds the museum from scratch.
Wounds expose the tree to greater susceptibility to disease and insects.
Wounds fail to heal and convalescence is prolonged.
Wounds form a thrust, cut, bruise or tearing asunder.
Wounds have edges.
Wounds heal best in a moist, clean environment.
Wounds heal but scars remain, like ellipses passively continuing a story that can only end in death.
Wounds heal but then break open again.
Wounds heal by themselves in people, just as in animals and plants.
Wounds heal faster.
Wounds heal only when exposed to fresh air.
Wounds heal quickly at that time and dead wood can be easily seen.
Wounds heal quickly in young patients.
Wounds heal slowly now.
Wounds heal slowly.
Wounds heal, and chicks dig scars.
Wounds heal, but debt is forever.
Wounds inflicted by a sharp knife, heal more quickly than wounds inflicted by a sharp tongue.
Wounds involve bacterial infection.
Wounds involve infection.
Wounds is capable of kill.
Wounds is damage.
Wounds is diseases.
Wounds is distress.
Wounds is injuries.
Wounds is located in arms.
Wounds is located in battles.
Wounds is located in bodies.
Wounds is located in emergency rooms.
Wounds is located in hospitals.
Wounds is located in injured people.
Wounds is located in patients.
Wounds is located in people.
Wounds is located in war.
Wounds is used for healing.
Wounds is used for injuries.
Wounds kill men.
Wounds lead to infection.
Wounds lead to scars.
Wounds make the tree highly susceptible to root pathogens and decay fungi.
Wounds may have effects.
Wounds may have negative effects.
Wounds offer an entranceway for pathogens.
Wounds produced in the scalp by scratching in response to itches can become inflamed and infected.
Wounds provide an opening for insects or diseases.
Wounds provide entry for the fermenting organisms.
Wounds provide good entry points for hatching larvae.
Wounds require attention.
Wounds require medical attention.
Wounds require treatments.
Wounds seem to heal themselves outdoors.
Wounds take a long time to heal.
Wounds take longer to heal, immune systems deteriorate, and hospital stays lengthen.
Wounds take time to heal.
Wounds tell stories.
Wounds Use transparency to help students differentiate between major and minor wounds.
Wounds usually are severe and numerous.
Wounds usually heal on their own.
Wounds usually heal quickly, without a scab and often with little scarring.
Wounds usually heal, even if they become infected.
All wounds are potentially serious, and require critical evaluation.
All wounds be superficial.
All wounds have the potential to develop postoperative pain and infection.
All wounds heal by scarring.
All wounds heal in three stages.
All wounds heal leaving a scar.
All wounds heal using a combination of three mechanisms.
All wounds heal with a scar.
All wounds require immediate copious cleansing with fresh tap water.
All wounds require immediate thorough cleansing with fresh tap water.
All wounds take time to heal.
Any wound is a bad wound with a firearm.
Every wound has to show up, be exposed in order to be healed.
Every wound hurts.
Every wound requires biomaterials to close it.
More wounds are likely to be reopened in the coming months.
More wounds increase the likelihood of death or serious injury in a given incident.
Most wounds are self-inflicted.
Most wounds cause limb weakness.
Most wounds cause weakness.
Most wounds have edges.
Most wounds involve bacterial infection.
Most wounds involve infection.
Most wounds kill men.
Most wounds lead to infection.
Most wounds lead to scars.
Most wounds occur on the appendages- the hands, arms, legs, and feet.
Most wounds require attention.
Most wounds require medical attention.
Most wounds require treatments.
Some wounds are caused by aphids.
Some wounds are caused by combat.
Some wounds are caused by insects.
Some wounds are caused by intraspecific combat.
Some wounds are caused by opossums.
Some wounds are caused by scale insects.
Some wounds are caused by spikes.
Some wounds are fatal.
Some wounds are incurable.
Some wounds are like that.
Some wounds are more likely to become infected than others.
Some wounds cause bacterial infection.
Some wounds cause death.
Some wounds cause diseases.
Some wounds cause infection.
Some wounds cause secondary bacterial infection.
Some wounds cause secondary infection.
Some wounds come from injuries.
Some wounds follow protocols.
Some wounds lead to death.
Some wounds never heal.
Some wounds result in death.
Some wounds result in tetanus.
Some wounds take a long time to heal.
Some wounds take long time.
Some wounds take longer to heal than others.
Some wounds take time for healing.
Some wounds take time.
Wounded animals are confused, scared, unpredictable, and sometimes even dangerous.
Wounded animals are very vicious.
Wounded animals provide striking evidence of predation during the transition period.
Wounded animals run and hide, isolation their refuge from further hurt and pain.
Wounded characters get pain penalties.
Wounded civilians treated here include ethnic Albanians.
Wounded fighters can stay for a set number of minutes and be completely healed.
Wounded healers find their healing in Jesus.
Wounded men cry for help.
Wounded men drown as the shell-holes into which they have crawled fill with water.
Wounded men freeze and die where they fall.
Wounded officers become part of the problem and risk becoming hostages themselves.
Wounded people are able to relate to each other because of their shared life experiences.
Wounded pride is a powerful incentive.
Wounded pride is the major deterrent to reconciliation.
Wounded soldiers moan from the bunks and stretchers stacked against the wall.
Wounded soldiers scream for help, but there is none to be given.
Wounded spirits are capable of melting and mingling together.
Wounded trees are almost certain to be attacked.
Woundeds are people.
A wounding is harm
Wounding affects all the functions of the skin.
Wounding becomes healing.
Wounding induces the first enzyme of the shikimate pathway in Solanaceae.
All woundings are criminal assault unless they can be justified.
Wove paper is made by machine on a belt and lacks the laid lines.
Wove paper is paper
Wove paper is the most commonly used paper in stamp production.
Wove paper shows the wire marks at uniform distances in both directions.
WPHL expansion is right around the corner.
WPHL fans comprise one of the most sought after demographics of all spectator sports.
WPLN studios move downtown to the new central library.
WPPA members receive discounted registration fees for education and training programs.
WRs have stiffer sidewalls, which means a stiffer ride.
A wraith is a shadow
Wraiths are ghosts or sometimes spirits that appear to warn of evils to come.
Wraiths are immune to normal weapons.
Wraiths are merely part of the process of Samsara, the cycle of rebirth.
A wrangler is a person
Wranglers accompany all rides.
Wranglers are also responsible for firewood and hauling guest ranch garbage.
Wranglers are debaters.
Wranglers are fun vehicles.
Wranglers are responsible for everything involved in trail rides and horse activities.
Wranglers are safety conscious and knowledgeable about their areas.
Wranglers can help enhance any western vacation with a trail ride or horse-drawn wagon ride.
Wranglers gallop in stick horse races and cowpokes toss lasso hoops to rope the steer.
Wranglers have a break after lunch.
Wranglers is the name given to a network of small discussion groups of local religious leaders.
Wranglers offer individual or group instruction throughout the week, at no extra charge.
Wranglers provide instruction to all guests.
Wranglers take care of all the daily chores.
Wrango soils are calcareous throughout the particle-size control section.
Wrango soils are on alluvial fan and inset fans.
Wrap sandwiches are a fad that's hung on for many good reasons.
Wrap sandwiches are the fad that's hung on for a few good reasons.
A wrap is a cloak
Wrap beets individually in aluminum foil and place on baking sheet.
Wrap boxes in strong brown paper, if necessary.
Wrap boxes in two layers of brown paper for added insulation.
Wrap bumps around to front, bending ends into loops to create paws.
Wrap burritos individually in aluminum foil and refrigerate until ready to serve.
Wrap cans with construction paper, decorate and stack.
Wrap chocolates or scented items separately in shrink wrap or other air tight wrap.
Wrap coils to form flowers, pin or glue leaves and flowers to styrofoam ball mounted in basket.
Wrap conforms around the foot and ankle providing a snug fit.
Wrap curlicues around the arms and legs.
Wrap diapers around a paper towel tube and hold with rubber bands.
Wrap dresses to shift dresses, everything flows.
Wrap evergreens with burlap and pull the branches together to reduce water loss.
Wrap freshmen up in it.
Wrap garlands around trees and bushes in the yard to give wild birds a holiday treat.
Wrap leaves tightly in plastic or a zip lock bag.
Wrap lights around flat rolls of newspaper.
Wrap loaves in plastic and chill in the refrigerator to set the filling.
Wrap lobes around septum and press firmly in place with a pinching action.
Wrap log in a new sheet of parchment paper and wrap in a clean, kitchen towel.
Wrap log tightly in plastic wrap and roll on counter to make compact.
Wrap logs and refrigerate overnight.
Wrap longer piece around base of head.
Wrap lozenges or store on sheets of parchment in an airtight container up to three weeks.
Wrap meats tightly in aluminum foil or freezer wrap.
Wrap overlap with tape to make it stronger.
WRAP places social workers in public schools to work with problem students.
Wrap presents in grocery bag brown paper and tie with twine.
Wrap presents in reusable cloth bags or reused wrapping paper.
Wrap presents or make some calls or write that novel.
Wrap presents, test toys, decorate the tree, and much more.
WRAP proposes to set a limit on sulfur dioxide emissions.
Wrap records in freezer paper in no more than half inch bundles.
Wrap reeds around the stem of the flowers.
Wrap reproducers separately.
Wrap roast tightly in a double thickness of aluminum foil and place in a roasting pan.
Wrap roll around a marshmallow, covering completely.
Wrap roll tightly in wax paper or sandwich wrap.
Wrap rolls around cream cheese and brush with slightly beaten egg whites.
Wrap rolls securely.
Wrap rolls tightly in wax paper and chill thoroughly.
Wrap rubberbands around the bottle equaling the number of daily doses.
Wrap sandwiches in a damp napkin and cover with cling-film or foil to keep fresh.
Wrap sandwiches in aluminum foil and seal.
Wrap sandwiches inplastic wrap or place in airtight container.
Wrap shank with thread.
Wrap shapes such as boxes and cylinders in colored paper.
Wrap shoes up to knees in plastic saran wrap.
Wrap slices in clean dish towel to absorb water.
Wrap specimens individually for greatest protection.
Wrap specimens separately in paper towels or newspaper.
Wrap squares individually, or store in an airtight container.
Wrap strips around cooked asparagus just before serving.
Wrap strips around pans and secure with a safety pin.
Wrap strips around plastic molds, design side facing out, and set aside to cool.
Wrap strips securely with gauze.
Wrap threads tightly around the center of the wings.
Wrap towels tightly around body.
WRAP turns on wrapping, so that all lines fit inside the browser.
Wrap yarn around and around the board in one direction.
Wraps also complement the color scheme that is predominant throughout the cue.
Wraps are a bit browned at edges and spine, very light edgewear, protected by mylar cover.
Wraps are a sure-fire way to jazz up a tired lunch.
Wraps are a unique flavorful healthy international cuisine wrapped in a gourmety tortilla.
Wraps are all straight lines connections.
Wraps are also popular here.
Wraps are also tough to apply at home.
Wraps are black with green trim.
Wraps are cloaks.
Wraps are free of clothing.
Wraps are fun and easy to make and share.
Wraps are fun for children to make and eat.
Wraps are gourmet international ingredients wrapped in a tortilla.
Wraps are perfect for filling with leftovers and carryout foods.
Wraps are sandwichs.
Wraps are versatile, adaptable and can be packed with good nutrition.
Wraps bundle by hand or uses machine wrapping device.
Wraps burlap around cloth to prevent silk from separating.
Wraps can be a special kraft paper or strips of burlap to keep the wind off the bark.
Wraps can be plain or flavoured tortillas, or even pita pockets or rice paper.
Wraps can connect to each other and pods can be used separately or together.
Wraps can provide a quick meal, but often provide the calories of two.
Wraps come in a variety of substances.
Wraps come in very handy in the cooler fall weather.
Wraps consist of a decorative paper, from the time period or a little later.
Wraps fabric around hose to prepare hose for curing.
Wraps have a trace of soiling and a bit of wear to the extremities.
Wraps have protective clear covering for longer wear.
Wraps owe much to the Mexican-food craze, which made tortillas the new white bread.
Wraps require good handling.
Wraps show very light wear to edges, corners.
Wraps slip easily over the appropriate air filter.
Wraps take little time to prepare and are virtually spillproof by design.
Wraps Visit the Site.
All wrap is intact on the Spain piece, as are the pictures.
All wraps provide drapability and softness without producing linting associated with muslin wraps.
Many wraps use rice as one of the sandwich ingredients.
Some wraps are significantly different from others.
Wraparound style fits snugly on virtually all faces.
A wraparound is a garment
Wraparounds turn elegant.
Wrapped caramels work well.
Wrapped frame is with default color and asked thickness.
Wrapped frame is with default color and thickness.
Wrapped frame is with default colour and asked thickness.
Wrapped loops look good and are more secure than plain turned loops, but they take some practice.
Wrapped nylon handle.
Wrapped presents wait on another table.
Wrapped prey is brought back to the hub of the web, which is usually off-center in the structure.
Wrapped roses have individual water vials on each stem.
Wrapped screens yield twice as much well water.
Wrapped work is done on rawhide, never plastic.
A wrapper is a clothing
Wrapper installs easily with attached strips of hook and loop tape.
Wrapper is Brazilian maduro.
Wrapper is Brazilian.
Wrapper is claro Connecticut shade.
Wrapper is Natural connecticut shade.
Wrapper leaves intact.
Wrapper leaves that are slightly lighter in color than maduro.
Wrappers add to the visual appeal of the poster.
Wrappers appear exactly as shown.
Wrappers are a software layer transparently interposed between the application and operating system.
Wrappers are air grown, without fertilizers and pesticides, by small farmers.
Wrappers are casings.
Wrappers are futile.
Wrappers are materials.
Wrappers are very easy to put on.
Wrappers can have an imprinted stamp or have a stamp attached.
Wrappers can help with conversion if the data is available in the right format.
Wrappers can report errors back to the caller.
Wrappers defective at spine, internally very good.
Wrappers give uniform representation of models, on top of which reusable code can be built.
Wrappers have age toning, rubbing to panels and bottom edges.
Wrappers have light edgewear.
Wrappers have to be recreated when a control is updated etc.
Wrappers learn all about their work.
Wrappers look more promising, but are proving to have limitations.
Wrappers Metering the software using tools loaded only on the server is the easiest to install.
Wrappers refers to a paper binding.
Wrappers resist water absorption when the crayon is soaked in water.
Wrappers support relational interface to sources.
Wrappers vary from region to region.
Wrappers always get all over the place.
All wrappers are in nice shape.
Every wrapper is completely individualized.
Most wrappers are Ecudorean maduro, with some natural Connecticut shade used.
Most wrappers assume that they are wrapping the source for use by a particular kind of caller.
Wrapping are covering.
Wrapping has (part) sections.
Wrapping isa artifact.
A wrasse is a bony fish
Wrasses are active during the day, feeding upon a variety of small animals, detritus, and algae.
Wrasses are fish.
Wrasses are primarily predatory fish.
Wrasses are sex changers.
Wrasses can put their jaws forwards , usually with separate jaw teeth that jut outwards .
Wrasses can put their jaws forwards, usually with separate jaw teeth that jut outwards.
Wrasses enter the mouth and gill openings and remove any ectoparasites and diseased tissue.
Wrasses have protractile mouths , usually with separate jaw teeth that jut outwards.
Wrasses have very small scales and the head is normally scaleless.
Wrasses live in harems consisting of many females and a single male.
Wrasses possess a smooth, compressed, elongate body with a pointed snout.
Most wrasses are capable of female to male sex change.
Most wrasses swim using the pectoral fins, dragging the tail behind.
Wrath counters it into a Meltdown.
Wrath executes the Meltdown for the win.
Wrath follows the same outline as the first film, but with a few more twists and turns.
Wrath is a punishing anger, greasing the skids for lots of smiting and the laying waste of cities.
Wrath is always bad consequences here on earth for the wrong behavior of nations and individuals.
Wrath is appropriately angry.
Wrath is cruel and anger is outrageous.
Wrath is cured by patience.
Wrath is fierce and anger is a flood.
Wrath is filled with examples of helpful responses to anger situations.
Wrath is fury.
Wrath is in perfect proportion to the guilt.
Wrath is just an old-fashioned word for anger.
Wrath is mortal sin.
Wrath is on the war path.
Wrath is rage
Wrath is revealed against sin.
Wrath is the most obvious, but the others are also similar non zero-sum situations.
Wrath is vertical judgment poured out from above.
Wrath is violent anger.
Wrath lands a shoulderblock.
Wrath nails the Meltdown.
Wrath overshoots the turnbuckle.
Wrath reigns in a reverse rain, but nothing changes least of all the pain.
Wrath springs only from thwarted desires.
Wrath takes the reigns.
Wrathful deities suggest the mighty struggle involved in overcoming one's alienation .
Wrathful deities suggest the mighty struggle involved in overcoming one's alienation.
Wratten filters are dye controlled filters and have pass bands which are in general much less sharp.
A wreath is a floral arrangement
Wreath isa group.
Wreaths also adorn doors and windows in many homes.
Wreaths also make imaginative centerpieces for dinner parties.
Wreaths are a specialty.
Wreaths are also available in all sizes.
Wreaths are an eternal part of the festive season.
Wreaths are an excellent way to remember family, friends, and business associates over the holidays.
Wreaths are double-sided balsam fir.
Wreaths are easy to make and add a festive touch to a door or mantel during the holiday season.
Wreaths are excellent wall mount decorations that can also be hung in large windows and entry ways.
Wreaths are flower arrangements.
Wreaths are juniper berry.
Wreaths are located in front doors.
Wreaths are located in funerals.
Wreaths are nothing new.
Wreaths are ornaments.
Wreaths are the main use for spruce greens.
Wreaths are very popular home decorations that fetch an astounding price on the market.
Wreaths arrive, taking coffin to tender, funeral ceremony.
Wreaths Assemble all kinds of wreaths for holidays or for all year round.
Wreaths brighten the front doors of the village homes as shops and pathways glow with candlelight.
Wreaths can also make wonderful gifts.
Wreaths can be simple or elaborate.
Wreaths come in all shapes and sizes.
Wreaths come with lovely natural cones, bright red berries and a weatherproof red velvet bow.
Wreaths exude warmth.
Wreaths hang over the entrances to covered bridges located throughout town.
Wreaths have (part) sections.
Wreaths make wonderful hostess gifts during the holiday party season.
Wreaths preserved to last make nice conversation piece too.
Wreaths represent a love that knows no end.
Wreaths store quite well and have become a popular item in recent years.
Wreaths Use a rope ring, grapevine ring, styrofoam ring, etc.
All wreaths are single-faced and can be ordered with or without a bow.
Some wreaths are made of bluebell flowers.
Some wreaths are made of flowers.
Wreck Beach is Vancouver's famous clothing optional beach.
Some wreck divers use pony bottles, while others rig up dual tanks and regulators.
Wreck diving can be very enjoyable and offers a chance to see some of Guam's history.
Wreck diving has something for every kind of diver.
Wreck diving is also available.
Wreck diving is also excellent.
Wreck diving is an added attraction.
Wreck diving is an advanced skill.
Wreck diving is big here, but life is definitely relaxed and laid back.
Wreck diving is considered a dangerous activity.
Wreck diving is included in several depatures each year.
Wreck diving is offered at many locations in Greece.
Wreck diving is popular.
Wreck Island is part of Virginia s Atlantic coast barrier island chain.
A wreck is a decline
Wreck ahead watch out.
Wreck diving in the Red Sea is very diverse.
Wreck fishing for seabass and tautog begins to improve.
Wreck lies approx.
Wreck stripping is a thoughtless and short-sighted activity.
Wrecks are a part of racing.
Wrecks are at the top of the wall at many sites.
Wrecks are declines.
Wrecks are generally quiet.
Wrecks are harder to let go.
Wrecks are intact with all the bits and pieces still aboard.
Wrecks are just a part of the race that adds a bit of excitement to the endless motion.
Wrecks are just part of the equation.
Wrecks are serious accidents.
Wrecks are ships.
Wrecks can make dramatic subjects.
Wrecks can often experience current on one side while being calm on the other.
Wrecks cause injuries, cost money and impact lives.
Wrecks create special problems with currents.
Wrecks have a habit of fraying monofilament line.
Many wrecks approach the surface, allowing clear views for snorkelers.
Many wrecks are also war graves.
Many wrecks are still unidentified.
Many wrecks have an important history and hold clues to our maritime past.
Many wrecks make great habitats for marine life.
Many wrecks provide habitats on which marine life now thrives.
Many wrecks surround the island and over the uears the keepers have assisted in many sea rescues.
Some wrecks contain dangerous cargoes or live munitions.
Some wrecks have individual pages some are still listed below in alphabetical order.
Wreckage consists of three sets of wood walls with some decking.
Wreckage is a part
Wreckage is artifacts.
Wreckage is buried deep in thick clay, complicating the recovery.
Wreckage is general in field, garden and orchard.
Wreckage is marked and visible.
Wreckage is on the surface but is thought to be sinking.
Wreckage is parts.
Wreckage is scattered.
Wreckage is spread over a large area.
Wreckage is very well spread out in several lines or walls of ribbing, with decking off to one side.
Wreckage isa object.
Wreckage lies twisted and scattered with little structure remaining for penetration.
Some wreckage attracts mosquitoes.
Wrecked cars are everywhere.
A wrecker is a bad person
Wrecker arrives about midnight.
Wreckers pull cars out of the snowdrifts all winter.
Wrecking is hard work, it can also be miserable work if the conditions are wet and cold.
Wrecking is just a part of it.
Wrecking is just part of it.
Wrecking is the kind of dance psychobillies do at gigs.
A wren is a bird
Wren isa bird.
WREN works closely with a range of other agencies to stimulate and support local rural enterprise.
Wrens adapt to environments.
Wrens are bands.
Wrens are birds.
Wrens are famous for it.
Wrens are medium-small to very small birds.
Wrens are passerines.
Wrens are small, plain birds, yarn is what one knits with.
Wrens are soft as yarn.
Wrens are the easiest birds to attract to a birdhouse.
Wrens are very tolerant of human activity and they relish sawfly larvae.
Wrens attract mates.
Wrens belong to families.
Wrens build nests in a variety of cavities but appreciate a box.
Wrens build several different nest in a summer but use only one.
Wrens chatter on the wire while sparrows and chickadees shiver in the dead bushes.
Wrens eat a lot of insects and are easy to attract.
Wrens eat berries.
Wrens eat fruit.
Wrens enter territory.
Wrens feed on insects.
Wrens fill a nest box with sticks and line the deep nest cup with fine plant fibers or feathers.
Wrens have (part) air sacs.
Wrens have (part) bird's feet.
Wrens have (part) brains.
Wrens have (part) breasts.
Wrens have (part) cell membranes.
Wrens have (part) cells.
Wrens have (part) chest cavities.
Wrens have (part) chests.
Wrens have (part) corpi.
Wrens have (part) cytoplasm.
Wrens have (part) ears.
Wrens have (part) faces.
Wrens have (part) flight feathers.
Wrens have (part) heads.
Wrens have (part) lips.
Wrens have (part) mouths.
Wrens have (part) nuclei.
Wrens have (part) plasma membranes.
Wrens have (part) quill feathers.
Wrens have (part) rib cages.
Wrens have (part) second joints.
Wrens have (part) sections.
Wrens have (part) skulls.
Wrens have (part) sterna.
Wrens have (part) talons.
Wrens have (part) vacuoles.
Wrens have (part) wishbones.
Wrens have a pale eyestripe.
Wrens have backs.
Wrens have bills.
Wrens have diets.
Wrens have extensive ranges.
Wrens have legs.
Wrens have long, slender bills that are curved slightly downward.
Wrens have loud and often complex songs, sometimes given in duet by a pair.
Wrens have ranges.
Wrens have short wings that are barred in most species, and they often hold their tails upright.
Wrens have time.
Wrens hunt insects.
Wrens interfere by puncturing the eggs of other birds.
Wrens lay eggs.
Wrens live here year round.
Wrens live in habitats.
Wrens love brushy thickets, hedges, farmland, open forests and tangles of suburban gardens.
Wrens love the backdrop of heavy shrubs and lots of trees.
Wrens love trees.
Wrens love water.
Wrens possess nests.
Wrens prefer bushes.
Wrens raise broods.
Wrens raise families.
Wrens return to nests.
Wrens seem to prefer houses hanging from a tree limb.
Wrens shed feathers.
Wrens sing mostly from cover, and sound like no other British bird.
Wrens sing songs.
Wrens visit feeders.
Wrens often have two broods per season.
Most wrens adapt to environments.
Most wrens are rather small.
Most wrens are small and rather inconspicuous, except for their loud and often complex songs.
Most wrens attract mates.
Most wrens belong to families.
Most wrens eat fruit.
Most wrens enter territory.
Most wrens feed on insects.
Most wrens have backs.
Most wrens have bills.
Most wrens have diets.
Most wrens have extensive ranges.
Most wrens have legs.
Most wrens have ranges.
Most wrens have time.
Most wrens lay eggs.
Most wrens live in habitats.
Most wrens raise broods.
Most wrens raise families.
Most wrens return to nests.
Most wrens shed feathers.
Most wrens sing songs.
Some wrens beat heads.
Some wrens destroy eggs.
Some wrens eat spiders.
Some wrens feed in water.
Some wrens have broad stripes.
Some wrens have broad white stripes.
Some wrens have eye stripes.
Some wrens have habits.
Some wrens have snow.
Some wrens have stripes.
Some wrens have white eye stripes.
Some wrens have white stripes.
Some wrens look like adults.
Some wrens return to backyards.
Some wrens sit on eggs.
Some wrens use materials.
Some wrens use nest materials.
Some wrens use traditional materials.
A wrench is an injury
Wrench attaches to cordless electric screwdriver.
Wrench flats at pipe connections prevent damage to unit on installation and removal.
Wrenches are nickel-chome plated to resist rust and corrosion.
Wrenches are the cause of many cut and skinned knuckles.
Wrenches feature a different size on each end.
Wrenches Use a short, steady pull with a wrench.
Wrenchs are hand tools.
Wrenchs are industrial equipment.
Wrenchs are injuries.
Wrenchs are located in cabinets.
Wrenchs are located in garages.
Wrenchs are located in repair shops.
Wrenchs are tools.
Wrestles  broken bones.
Wrestles  fall.
Wrestles  physical contact.
Wrestles  property damage.
Wrestles  sweat.
Wrestles are motivated by the goal of grizzly bears.
Wrestles are motivated by the goal of power.
Wrestles are struggles.
Wrestles end with grunts.
A wrestler is a fighter
Wrestlers also work hard.
Wrestlers are a bunch of wanna-be football players.
Wrestlers are about the only group for which sponsorship money is virtually guaranteed.
Wrestlers are also able to use weapons to knock their opponents down.
Wrestlers are athletes.
Wrestlers are capable of wrestles.
Wrestlers are combatants.
Wrestlers are conference champs.
Wrestlers are independent contractors.
Wrestlers are involved to a point.
Wrestlers are like stuntmen.
Wrestlers are realistic.
Wrestlers are responsible for cleaning up their own blood.
Wrestlers are the best looking ones ever in a wrestling game.
Wrestlers are to remain dressed for the awards ceremony.
Wrestlers are very fat.
Wrestlers are workers.
Wrestlers attempt to wrestle a steer.
Wrestlers begin in stand-up neutral positions.
Wrestlers call the maneuver a neck bridge.
Wrestlers can be over as either faces or heels .
Wrestlers can be over as either faces or heels.
Wrestlers can buy lunch in the cafeteria or bring their own lunch.
Wrestlers can catch each other by two hands or by one, lift and throw.
Wrestlers can even drive a forklift over their opponents for particularly painful results.
Wrestlers can grab various weapons at any time.
Wrestlers can no longer have ties whether it be dual meets or tournaments.
Wrestlers come out with VERY short entrances, just a second or two and a flash of pyro.
Wrestlers consume large quantities of an especially fattening stew, chankonabe.
Wrestlers continue to be very enthusiastic about the use of creatine.
Wrestlers cutting weight feel miserable.
Wrestlers develop both physically and mentally.
Wrestlers devote many hours to disciplined training that is harder than that for football.
Wrestlers even try cheap shots to opponents' groins then throw in a taunt or two for good measure.
Wrestlers fight in the aisles, in the audience, backstage.
Wrestlers gain points for advancing in the bracket.
Wrestlers get broken arms and broken legs.
Wrestlers go through a lot.
Wrestlers have a lot of ups and downs during the season.
Wrestlers have ability scores, and popularity ratings.
Wrestlers honor the judges and their attendants with a dance called devekh, or eagle dance.
Wrestlers judge career achievement by popularity and money drawn.
Wrestlers know the best holds.
Wrestlers know who's going to win and that there is a time limit to the match.
Wrestlers learn to live within limits imposed by the exacting discipline of the sport.
Wrestlers look less cartoony and more realistic.
Wrestlers love the bright lights.
Wrestlers now admit that wrestling is staged.
Wrestlers now look more like their real-life counterparts.
Wrestlers partner up.
Wrestlers remain a hugely popular identity among adults and children alike.
Wrestlers share a mentality with people who have eating disorders.
Wrestlers share the importance of being physically fit and stress the importance of anti-violence.
Wrestlers shout poorly voiced dialogue at each other without moving their mouths.
Wrestlers slowly come up waving their hands imitating the flight of a mythical Phoenix bird.
Wrestlers start a match on their feet.
Wrestlers tag in and out with any corner and are eliminated one man or team at a time.
Wrestlers take as many liberties with names and titles as correspondence artists.
Wrestlers tend to take method acting to extremes.
Wrestlers then divide into two groups on two sides of the arena.
Wrestlers use throws , takedowns , and trips to get their opponents down to the ground .
Wrestlers use throws, takedowns, and trips to get their opponents down to the ground.
Wrestlers wear small, over the shouler vests called zodog , and snug shorts called shuudag .
Wrestlers wear T-shirts or trunks with rude messages.
Wrestlers win first conference championship in school history.
Wrestlers work non-stop, around the year.
Wrestlers often approach the certification exam like a wrestling match and cut weight for it.
Wrestlers often think they have a takedown way before the official does.
Wrestlers often work out their own deals.
All wrestlers feature their own recorded voice packages for extreme realism.
All wrestlers wrestle in all tournaments.
Any wrestler points the microphone at the audience, drink.
Every wrestler has their lay to claim on championships.
Every wrestler needs a website if they want to be successful.
Every wrestler wants to become a Hollywood star.
Many wrestlers come from generations of wrestlers.
Many wrestlers make the mistake of going for long slow three- mile runs to get in shape.
Many wrestlers remain heavy all their lives, although most slim down after their fighting days.
Most wrestlers are  in height and   in weight.
Most wrestlers are in height and in weight .
Most wrestlers end their seasons by competing against the top opponents in their weight class.
Most wrestlers enjoy wrestling, and find the issue of money to be secondary.
Most wrestlers know the basics about how to be hydrated for the skinfold certification.
Most wrestlers know, it's a labor of love.
Most wrestlers manage to con only their fans.
Most wrestlers never get the chance to visit places outside of Orange County.
Some wrestlers actually begin to detest wrestling after a couple of months.
Some wrestlers are cold, some are mild and some are real hot.
Some wrestlers can lead normal lives outside the ring.
Some wrestlers enter the sport after other career opportunities fall through.
Some wrestlers inherit their names from their father or uncle.
Some wrestlers make it a point to throw the salt high in the air, much to the delight of their fans.
Some wrestlers specifically try to avoid that.
Most wrestling announcers are competent and entertaining.
Wrestling camel has a name.
Most wrestling fans are in all, very cool.
Most wrestling fans know and accept that the action shown on television is predetermined.
Most wrestling fans live in the southern United States.
Wrestling gear is on sale.
Wrestling manager is one of the best jobs in sport.
Wrestling masks are used most widely in Mexican and Japanese wrestling.
All wrestling masks are custom one of a kind.
Wrestling prayer prevails.
Wrestling programs continue to be in danger.
Some wrestling programs wait for incoming freshmen to help their numbers increase.
A wrestling ring is a ring
Wrestling rings come in four bright colors with color coordinated and flexible ropes.
Wrestling shoes are always high-tops as that is what the regulations require.
Wrestling shoes are generally a half size smaller than regular athletic shoes.
Wrestling shoes are light as that is what the grapplers demand.
A wrestling is a struggle
Wrestling  erections.
Wrestling  fall.
Wrestling  grapples.
Wrestling  grappling.
Wrestling  pins.
Wrestling  punch.
Wrestling are contact sports.
Wrestling are fighting.
Wrestling are sports.
Wrestling are used for children.
Wrestling are used for competitive sports.
Wrestling are used for enjoyment.
Wrestling are used for entertainment.
Wrestling are used for exercises.
Wrestling are used for fun.
Wrestling are used for increasing strength.
Wrestling are used for physical contact.
Wrestling are used for play.
Wrestling are used for pleasure.
Wrestling are used for public entertainment.
Wrestling are used for self defense.
Wrestling are used for sports.
Wrestling attracts that type of person.
Wrestling begins at noon.
Wrestling breeds a spirit of contempt for authority, and it has become very sensual.
Wrestling builds a strong work ethic, discipline, and responsibility.
Wrestling builds personal character and teaches kids that success requires work and dedication.
Wrestling builds physical strength and strength of character.
Wrestling builds self-confidence, stamina and discipline in children.
Wrestling can be a dirty business.
Wrestling can do that.
Wrestling can go much longer than other sports.
Wrestling can play to big kids as well as little ones.
Wrestling cause blood.
Wrestling cause bruise.
Wrestling cause competition.
Wrestling cause erections.
Wrestling cause injuries.
Wrestling cause physical injuries.
Wrestling cause winnings.
Wrestling cause wins.
Wrestling comes down to grip.
Wrestling continues today as a popular collegiate and professional sport.
Wrestling dates back thousands of years.
Wrestling delivers a prime target market to advertisers of males ages twelve to thirty-four.
Wrestling demands patience, determination, concentration and dedication.
Wrestling deserves better.
Wrestling does both well.
Wrestling draws better consistently.
Wrestling feels a lot like making love.
Wrestling gives a young person self confidence and can do that to any weight class competitor.
Wrestling has many positives.
Wrestling has many styles, each emphasizing different techniques to accomplish the same objective.
Wrestling helps teach invaluable skills in leadership, time management, and commitment.
Wrestling involves real-live people, both on the mats and in the audiences.
Wrestling is a big issue now with kids dying by trying the different holds they do.
Wrestling is a blessing and a curse.
Wrestling is a business that contains many egos.
Wrestling is a competitive business.
Wrestling is a contact sport and as with any sport there is a risk of injury.
Wrestling is a contact sport, therefore, wrestlers are at high risk for getting ringworm.
Wrestling is a dinosaur.
Wrestling is a lot of driving.
Wrestling is a part of courtship.
Wrestling is a real sport - possibly the only real sport left.
Wrestling is a really tough sport to make a living in.
Wrestling is a religion.
Wrestling is a totally different animal.
Wrestling is a tough sport - demanding absolutely everything that the competitors have to give.
Wrestling is a tough sport and emotions do run high.
Wrestling is a tough, hard sport, and like life, it is the survival of the fittest.
Wrestling is a tremendously tough sport to begin with.
Wrestling is a tricky work.
Wrestling is a true sport.
Wrestling is a unique event for fundraising groups.
Wrestling is a unique sport, and so is our youth program for wrestlers and cheerleaders.
Wrestling is a very macho sport.
Wrestling is a very popular sport in Indiana and surrounding states.
Wrestling is a very popular sport on the high school level in Wisconsin.
Wrestling is a very tough sport.
Wrestling is about learning how to set goals and train for achievement.
Wrestling is about mental toughness, and discipline, and guts.
Wrestling is all about having an edge.
Wrestling is among the least expensive sports to sustain.
Wrestling is basically real life on a stage.
Wrestling is beautiful.
Wrestling is below the next line break.
Wrestling is big around here.
Wrestling is big business.
Wrestling is by far the best sport in the world.
Wrestling is conducive to lying.
Wrestling is crazy.
Wrestling is different than other sports.
Wrestling is fake.
Wrestling is fixed.
Wrestling is for losers and rednecks.
Wrestling is fun for all.
Wrestling is fun now.
Wrestling is go, go, go, go.
Wrestling is good.
Wrestling is great sport with a lot of rewarding aspects.
Wrestling is here.
Wrestling is hot .
Wrestling is hot.
Wrestling is hotter than ever.
Wrestling is in imminent danger of extinction.
Wrestling is in the business of hype.
Wrestling is just too fake.
Wrestling is like a soap opera for men.
Wrestling is more it's modern day counterpoint.
Wrestling is more like the lowest, most violent form of theater.
Wrestling is much more personal.
Wrestling is no different.
Wrestling is no more fake then Swan Lake is fake.
Wrestling is now the biggest sport in Africa next to soccer.
Wrestling is now the most entertaining thing on tv, and that is pretty sad.
Wrestling is on TV right now.
Wrestling is overtly misogynist.
Wrestling is popular throughout the world.
Wrestling is positive, fun, good versus evil, and good wins in the end.
Wrestling is pretty tough no matter what division it is.
Wrestling is probably less violent now than it has ever been, particularly in the major promotions.
Wrestling is real and the contestants are all super-fit athletes.
Wrestling is rough.
Wrestling is so outlandish.
Wrestling is still the most popular show on cable.
Wrestling is strange.
Wrestling is strong right now at all levels except college.
Wrestling is successful for a number of reasons.
Wrestling is such a great sport.
Wrestling is such an amazing show.
Wrestling is too expensive.
Wrestling is tough work.
Wrestling is tough, and hard, like life, it is the survival of the fittest.
Wrestling is without question an individual sport.
Wrestling needs a lot of one on one coaching.
Wrestling prepares a person to fight the game of life.
Wrestling provides both.
Wrestling provides the athlete with several benefits.
Wrestling requires a close-up encounter with our competitor.
Wrestling requires powerful strength, stamina, perseverance and flexibility.
Wrestling requires speed, strength and agility .
Wrestling requires speed, strength and agility.
Wrestling requires strength more than technique.
Wrestling reserve the right to pick and choose whose column to run and when.
Wrestling revolve around weight categories.
Wrestling seems to be a sport they seem to get after.
Wrestling seems to fit that bill.
Wrestling sits at the center of that macho Mongolian culture.
Wrestling takes place one on one, but the participants still earn team points.
Wrestling teaches a child the art of self-discipline and sacrifice.
Wrestling teaches a child to depend on oneself.
Wrestling teaches a healthy respect for the role of limits in life.
Wrestling teaches dedication, commitment, perseverance, focus, work ethic and mental toughness.
Wrestling always starts by getting into a hitch .
All wrestling is in essence is a soap opera for males.
Most wrestling is stupid, corny and fake.
Wretched confusion wrecks the mind tormented.
Wretched lives continue wretched, and needs remain.
Wrexham fans talk about their team.
WRFD radio begins broadcasting.
Wriften explanations are satisfactory.
Wright City is located in mountainous far southeastern Oklahoma.
Wright County experiences many of the same problems as occur in other counties of the state.
Wright County has almost as many dairy cows as beef cattle.
Wright County is located in north central Iowa.
Wright houses are impressive though.
A wright is an artisan
Wright travels throughout Africa's Gold Coast.
Wrights are craftsmans.
Wrights is a beautiful alpine lake, complete with a campground.
Wrinkle depth is reduced and cellular metabolism is improved .
Wrinkle removal can be very dramatic.
Wrinkle ridges are features created by compressive tectonic forces within the maria.
Wrinkle ridges are most common feature on the plains.
Wrinkle ridges occur in all mare regions and form circumferential or medially transecting patterns.
Wrinkle treatments involve laser resurfacing, chemical peel, or dermabrasion.
A wrinkle is an imprint
Wrinkle isa shape.
Wrinkles add character.
Wrinkles appear as teeth and hair disappear.
Wrinkles appear as the skin becomes thinner.
Wrinkles appear due to thinning and folding of the skin, most commonly on the face.
Wrinkles appear upon the forehead when ears are erect, and are fine and profuse.
Wrinkles are a part of the aging process.
Wrinkles are bad.
Wrinkles are big aesthetic problem.
Wrinkles are clefts.
Wrinkles are coarser on the outer layer than within the interior layer.
Wrinkles are depressions.
Wrinkles are difficulty.
Wrinkles are hereditary.
Wrinkles are indicative of aging, a natural decay and progression towards death.
Wrinkles are inevitable, as is sagging here and there.
Wrinkles are lines of expression.
Wrinkles are located in fingers.
Wrinkles are methods.
Wrinkles are out.
Wrinkles are part of skin.
Wrinkles are the result of much muscle contraction over years time.
Wrinkles are unwanted companions of aging.
Wrinkles become less apparent.
Wrinkles become more common and the skin ages prematurely, developing a hard leathery feel.
Wrinkles become more obvious due to diminishing collagen.
Wrinkles become smooth in an instant without scorching even the finest materials.
Wrinkles begin to appear, joints ache after a highly active day, and body fat accumulates.
Wrinkles begin to form at eight weeks.
Wrinkles can be a traveler's worst enemy.
Wrinkles can be on the surface of the skin or can be quite deep.
Wrinkles can cause skin sores.
Wrinkles can have a profound impact on self-esteem.
Wrinkles continue each equinox and solstice.
Wrinkles equate to more skin, which means more opportunity for oxygen to reach the blood vessels.
Wrinkles formed from smiling are signs of beauty.
Wrinkles have no long-term effects.
Wrinkles increase, especially around the mouth.
Wrinkles make the aging process more difficult for women to conceal.
Wrinkles make the dog.
Wrinkles only enhance the features of the bad guy.
Wrinkles only go where the smiles have been.
Wrinkles respond better than scars.
Wrinkles run horizontally over the rear two-thrids of the body.
Wrinkles show up more.
Wrinkles spread rapidly, skin quickly loses elasticity and smoothness.
Wrinkles take their minor scales.
Wrinkles vary from line to line in the breed.
Wrinkles weaken the tape and look sloppy.
Wrinkles usually make people look old and cause a loss of self-confidence.
Every wrinkle is visible, making it extremely realistic.
More wrinkles mean more wool.
Some wrinkles are born of in-temper, of fretfulness, or sorrow.
Some wrinkles are part of elephants.
Some wrinkles are part of necks.
Some wrinkles are part of pachyderms.
Some wrinkles are part of penises.
Some wrinkles are part of skin.
Wrinkled ankles end in a massive paw.
Wrinkled apricots are old.
Wrinkled bark is another sign of a dry tree.
Wrinkled faces become smooth by knowing smiles, eyes sparkle with the sheer joy of laughter.
Wrinkled fruit is a sign of full maturity and means they are ripe to use.
Wrinkled galls come next to the plaited form.
Wrinkled leaves can signal either too little or too much water.
Wrinkled leaves indicate the plants are getting too much light.
Wrinkled linen is actually quite acceptable.
Wrinkled skin is restored to youthfulness.
Wrinkly skin means more wool per sheep and thus more money for the farmer.
A wrist band is a band
Wrist bands feature quality solid brass snaps and come in three sizes to fit just about anyone.
Wrist bands provide support to the wrist joint there by preventing injury.
A wrist bone is a bone
Wrist bone connected to the heart burn.
Wrist bones cover with skin.
Most wrist bones cover with skin.
Some wrist bones are part of arms.
Some wrist bones are part of wrists.
Wrist braces are a very effective tool in bowling.
Wrist braces can help, but they can also do even more damage.
Wrist drop can occur.
Wrist fractures are common.
Wrist fractures are more common in snowboarding than in skiing.
Wrist fractures can occur from trying to break a fall.
Wrist guards are available to match the elbow pads and knee pads.
Wrist guards are sports equipment.
Wrist guards are the best protection, along with helmet, knee and elbow pads.
Wrist guards can can impair a child's ability to grip the handle and steer the scooter.
Wrist guards can help.
Wrist guards can reduce the risk of broken bones or dislocated joints.
Wrist guards come with the package but consider a helmet and butt pad also.
Wrist injuries are the most common type of inline skating injury.
Wrist injuries tend to zap power.
Wrist injury is the number one injury in skateboarding, usually a sprain or a fracture.
A wrist joint is a diarthrosis
Wrist joints pain intolerably, swollen, red, motion impossible, touch intolerable.
Wrist locks are a horse of a totally different color.
Wrist pain affects millions of workers nationwide.
Wrist splints are available at hospital supply stores and many drug stores.
Wrist strap prevents accidental damage.
A wrist watch is a watch
Wrist watches are available in steel and gold plating.
Wrist Watches Have an easy time choosing a vintage watch.
Wrist watches surround themselves with danger.
Wrist watchs are watchs.
Some wrist watches come with a built-in barometer.
Wrist weights are optional.
Wrist weights can be awkward and uncomfortable.
A wrist is a diarthrosis
Wrist closes with ocean pearl buttons.
Wrist hurts at the joint line.
Wrist is cocked.
Wrist is elastic - so one size fits most.
Wrist is straight.
Wrist isa joint.
Wrist owe without one toe but gain air magazines.
Wrist remember Spot between one half with the delivery.
Wrist rests .
Wrist rests on the keyboard and mouse help too.
Wrist separate up most bath that swear chevrolet venture.
Wrist sling The wrist sling is a sound sling.
Wrist snap is especially important , as the throw has no stability without a strong spin .
Wrist snap is especially important, as the throw has no stability without a strong spin.
Wrist snap, palm down, drag of fingers and follow the body movement.
Wrist stays firm.
Wrist supports designed by understanding medical research.
Wrist supports help to maintain proper hand and arm position.
Wrist supports tend, however, to be misused.
Wrist supports, t-shirts and hats.
Wrist swelling due to other types of arthritis also can cause carpal tunnel syndrome.
Wrists also have hem seals.
Wrists are always relaxed and supple with little flexion.
Wrists are joints.
Wrists are part of arms.
Wrists are square and unbroken at impact, like hitting a tree with an ax.
Wrists are straight and level.
Wrists contain eight carpal and five metacarpals bones.
Wrists have (part) bone cells.
Wrists have (part) corpi.
Wrists have (part) ground substances.
Wrists have (part) hip sockets.
Wrists have (part) lobes.
Wrists have (part) marrow.
Wrists have (part) mast cells.
Wrists have (part) wrist bones.
Wrists Hold hands in front of body.
All wrist supports and braces are washable.
Most wrist lives rapidly, while most library below a morning waste.
Some wrists are part of arms.
Some wrists are part of bodies.
Some wrists are part of humanity.
Some wrists are part of humans.
A wristband is a band
Wristband is black stainless steel.
Wristband is nontransferable and is voided if removed.
Wristbands allow unlimited rides.
Wristbands are available at numerous locations throughout the event.
Wristbands are bands.
Wristbands are distributed prior to the day tickets go on sale.
Wristbands are good for one visit only.
Wristbands are good only for the date of purchase.
Wristbands are merely the first rung of a ladder that leads to a successful society.
Wristbands are part of sleeve.
Wristbands are the perfect means of identification for any application.
Wristbands are valid only on the day issued.
Wristbands Click for larger image.
A wristwatch is a watch
Wristwatch isa timepiece.
Wristwatches count electron pulses.
Wristwatchs have (part) balance wheels.
Wristwatchs have (part) sections.
Writs of attachment are based on contract and the complaint here is for conversion.
Writable CDs are an alternative for backing up.
Writable media is more expensive to produce.
Writable walls are also useful for student group work that is visible from the middle of the room.
Write cycles can be one to four bytes wide as controlled by the write control inputs.
Write distance is typically less than read distance.
Write field reports documenting investigations.
Write function is used to output the entire file to the client.
Every write operation becomes instantaneously visible throughout the system.
Write performance is critical, as folders are created and deleted continuously.
Write performance is less than the throughput of a single disk.
Write performance is limited to the throughput of a single disk.
Write programs implement a given database design.
Write speeds are considerably slower than read speeds.
Every write statement writes a single record.
Write time is significantly longer.
Write workshops provide participants.
Writes  communicates.
Writes  creativity.
Writes  pens.
Writes  thinks.
Writes are motivated by the goal of communicates.
Writes are motivated by the goal of writes.
Writes start with thinking.
Writes start with thinks.
Writeable CDs are available at any office supply store.
Writer Workshops Find real world workshops and conferences here.
Writer workshops is a good way to develop patterns.
A writer is a communicator
Writer adequately addresses the needs and characteristics of the identified audience.
Writer agrees with coach on six of eight choices.
Writer also touches upon the symbolic significance of the quilt.
Writer analyzes both sides of the resulting controversy.
Writer argues for ways to spread sterilization among social classes.
Writer attempts colorful words.
Writer based writing is used to enhance the writers knowledge.
Writer becomes page owner.
Writer Buy low, sell high.
Writer Call it a captive audience.
Writer Call it mastery.
Writer Call it small, but mighty.
Writer Call it the indecision of an indecisive age.
Writer chooses words carefully and avoids ambiguity.
Writer clearly communicates problem and solutions.
Writer comes to some interesting, original conclusions.
Writer Coming to college often means leaving things behind.
Writer consistently provides language choices to enhance the text.
Writer consistently uses language choices to enhance the text.
Writer controls situation within the factual scenario.
Writer demonstrates a knowledge of the fundamentals of paragraphing and organization.
Writer demonstrates an unsatisfactory mastery of standard written English conventions.
Writer demonstrates careful thought about ideas that have been discussed in class.
Writer demonstrates enough control over the language to convey a central argument.
Writer demonstrates poor command of standard written English.
Writer describes themes, styles, and their relevance to the changing times.
Writer draws upon course materials, as appropriate, to support and develop central argument.
Writer effectively addresses the needs and characteristics of the identified audience.
Writer effectively uses many facts and examples to support position.
Writer establishes an organizational plan and consistently maintains it.
Writer even knows to capitalize it, add spaces and perform other routine chores.
Writer eventually finishes book.
Writer explains situations well.
Writer explains what happens electronically.
Writer expresses personal opinion re current relevance of novel.
Writer fails to convey their point of view.
Writer fails to find common theme running through cases.
Writer fails to identify persuasive v. mandatory cases.
Writer feels comfortable with mixed-genre workshops.
Writer feels part of a community.
Writer finds that many of our more common behaviors do indeed find their roots in biology.
Writer focuses on correctness.
Writer generally establishes and maintains an organizational plan.
Writer gives attention to sequence and logic.
Writer gives public reading of work and is available to students to talk informally.
Writer gives story , character , dialogue .
Writer gives story, character and dialogue .
Writer goes to lots of parties and forgets about deadline.
Writer has notion, captures part in words, and reader reconstructs from the words.
Writer helps students succeed in writing and increase their confidence.
Writer helps teach students many basic writing process concepts.
Writer hopes that negotiations can bring peace.
Writer is a complex data structure built from several components.
Writer is a propeller head.
Writer is a talking word prediction program.
Writer is a word prediction program that allows people to write with whole words.
Writer is a word prediction program that helps streamline the process of writing.
Writer is an abstract class from which all character-oriented output streams are derived.
Writer is available any time.
Writer is bored with the conversation .
Writer is both personal and persuasive.
Writer is chosen alternately between poetry, fiction, and essay categories.
Writer is considerably thorough in argument.
Writer is equally tired of inventing characters.
Writer is fine.
Writer is in excellent condition.
Writer is interested and involved.
Writer is limited to known addresses.
Writer is mobbed by scores of marauding fans armed to the teeth with autograph books.
Writer is obviously some kind of free-thinker.
Writer is paid after editing.
Writer is responsible for the cost of the solicitation mailing campaign.
Writer is selective in presenting information.
Writer is star.
Writer is surprised.
Writer is the intelligent word prediction program that nudges students toward language development.
Writer is the superclass of all character output streams.
Writer is totally responsible for entry contents.
Writer is used in conjunction with any word processor.
Writer is very analytical and uses several quotes to support ideas.
Writer is weary unto death of making up stories.
Writer is word prediction software that is used with a word processor.
Writer isa individual.
Writer isa person.
Writer isa somebody.
Writer isa someone.
Writer knows the topic and shares information that is important to topic.
Writer lacks the vigor of critical thinking and expression which merit a higher rating.
Writer leaves system, last reader continues and leaves.
Writer lets users add images and maps to their posts as well as other things.
Writer magically makes all the deadlines.
Writer maintains all copyrights.
Writer makes no effort to involve the reader.
Writer meets composer.
Writer meets requirements of the prompts.
Writer minimally addresses the needs and characteristics of the identified audience.
Writer needs more information before they can construct an essay and a thesis.
Writer Never mind the dicey political gulf between Taiwan and China.
Writer now links Arctic with direct consequences for the reader.
Writer objects encapsulate device interfaces.
Writer overrelies on unsubstantiated statements.
Writer Pay extra attention to local traffic laws or pay the consequences.
Writer presents an organizational plan that is logical and consistently maintained.
Writer presents an organizational plan that is logical and maintained, but with minor flaws.
Writer presents an organizational plan that is only generally maintained.
Writer presents facts, information, statistics, without sufficiently explaining their significance.
Writer provides information most of which is relevant to the needs of the audience.
Writer provides information relevant to the needs of the audience.
Writer provides some information relevant to the needs of the audience.
Writer purposefully orders ideas.
Writer read each word, to help make the selection.
Writer refutes the opponent by showing what is wrong or invalid.
Writer runs in conjunction with any word processing program.
Writer Seeing recognizable shapes in the clouds is a pastime as old as man's imagination.
Writer seeks photos.
Writer seems sincere, but uninvolved.
Writer shows little purposefully ordering of ideas.
Writer shows no overall conception of the essay and sets out no conclusion about the central issue.
Writer speaks honestly and directly, but the voice lacks some expression to engage the reader.
Writer specializes in environmental business and environmental travel in Latin America.
Writer starts with one slant and then changes the slant.
Writer states no facts or examples to support the position.
Writer states only a few facts and examples to support positions.
Writer states the opponents' claim and points out what is sounds about the reasons used to prove it.
Writer struggles to identify reason for writing.
Writer struggles with limited vocabulary.
Writer submits a snapshot plus icons and scrapbook-type memorabilia of the journey or experience.
Writer summarizes existing research and provides some personal opinion.
Writer supports and develops the central argument in an orderly, logical manner.
Writer takes the role of both a public defendant and prosecutor.
Writer Talk about a bad rap.
Writer Talk about a spine-tingling sensation.
Writer Talk about overnight success.
Writer Talk about the power of the press.
Writer tells of mortgaging home to go on trip.
Writer tries to do some writing, and misses said deadline.
Writer uses a natural sequence to explain basic comet concepts.
Writer uses correct spelling, usage, and mechanics with few errors.
Writer uses correct spelling, usage, and mechanics.
Writer uses descriptive, dispassionate language to cool emotions on both sides.
Writer uses familiar words and few energetic verbs.
Writer uses one, one and a half and double line spacing.
Writer Welcome to Atlanta.
Writer Writes information to answer the question.
Writers abound, but tale spinners are an elusive lot.
Writers acknowledge characters.
Writers acquire knowledge.
Writers agree to the use of their name for the information byline without compensation.
Writers agree to the use of their name for the story byline without compensation.
Writers align with words.
Writers also can use the web for research.
Writers also differ in regard to how polished they want to make their drafts as they proceed.
Writers also discuss policy questions.
Writers also display info about their latest articles.
Writers also document their work by providing citations where required or useful.
Writers also encounter sexist language when writing about professions and occupations.
Writers also gain status by being arrested and can become heroes if they get off the charges.
Writers also get help in workshops.
Writers also give hersmallbusiness permission to archive their article indefinitely.
Writers also have the opportunity to study abroad in one of our many international programs.
Writers also have the option to obtain full coverage from one of our professional readers.
Writers also have their script featured on the website.
Writers also have to encourage their early buyers to write rave reviews of their work.
Writers also help with aesthetics and interface design.
Writers also learn by reading critically.
Writers also receive free editing and proofreading.
Writers also retain the rights to their own works.
Writers also specialize, concentrating on mysteries or textbooks or biographies.
Writers also tend to be an emotional group.
Writers also tend to identify with misfits, outsiders and underdogs.
Writers also understand how to develop characters.
Writers also use the computers to find research sources at the library or on the internet.
Writers applying story craft have only two choices.
Writers are a little more rigid.
Writers are a peculiar lot.
Writers are a pen aimed at the self.
Writers are a special group of people.
Writers are a unique breed.
Writers are able to submit their work on-line, while readers can access a varied catalogue of work.
Writers are all different.
Writers are all heart.
Writers are alone too much as it is.
Writers are also frustratingly low in the food chain.
Writers are always on the alert for new ideas, new inspirations for stories.
Writers are always on the job as it is.
Writers are always on the lookout for strong sentences.
Writers are always pressed for time.
Writers are among the best observers of the human condition and the dangers of human existence.
Writers are among the group journalists, guidebook authors, novelists, etc.
Writers are another example.
Writers are artisans.
Writers are artists with a mission and a message.
Writers are artists.
Writers are as sensitive about their manuscripts as mothers are about their children.
Writers are authors.
Writers are available for hire.
Writers are back to writing.
Writers are basically egotists.
Writers are both men and women who represent various cultural perspectives.
Writers are brave.
Writers are by nature observers who record the world from a distance.
Writers are commonly journalists on the staff of the magazine.
Writers are communicators.
Writers are competitive.
Writers are creatures of habit by necessity.
Writers are desperate for productions so often they take bad advice.
Writers are doubters, compulsives, self-flagellants.
Writers are eager for opportunities to publish their creative work.
Writers are eloquences.
Writers are entertainers.
Writers are erasers.
Writers are everywhere.
Writers are exorcists of their own demons.
Writers are expendable.
Writers are experts on writing.
Writers are experts within the occupational group.
Writers are free to select their own topics.
Writers are free to write to please only themselves.
Writers are from the Sudan, Kenya, Nigeria, Tanzania, South Africa, and Ghana.
Writers are generally a helpful lot.
Writers are generally pretty well paid, and producers are going to be fine no matter what.
Writers are generally shy and retiring people.
Writers are ghouls.
Writers are good.
Writers are great guests because they can be very creative in live chat.
Writers are high priests of the literary art of seduction and betrayal.
Writers are high-maintenance partners.
Writers are in great demand.
Writers are international correspondents and academic or practising designers.
Writers are inveterate recyclers.
Writers are journalists before they're anything else.
Writers are just people who happen to write.
Writers are like chameleons.
Writers are like tour guides, who introduce to the world places of interest in their local area.
Writers are like vessels.
Writers are limited to no more than one letter every two weeks.
Writers are limited to no more than one letter per month, on one topic.
Writers are limited to one letter a month.
Writers are limited to one letter every six weeks.
Writers are limited to one letter every two months.
Writers are limited to one letter per calendar month.
Writers are limited to one letter per month.
Writers are limited to one published letter per month.
Writers are limited to two letters per calendar quarter.
Writers are limited to two letters per month.
Writers are little gods and goddesses creating new worlds.
Writers are located in advertising companies.
Writers are located in houses.
Writers are located in offices.
Writers are located in schools.
Writers are located in universities.
Writers are lone wolves who mate for life with the act of writing.
Writers are loners and therefore drinkers.
Writers are miners, police dogs, visionaries, superheroes and everything else all rolled into one.
Writers are more adept and talented at figuring out ways to put off writing than anyone else.
Writers are much more likely to encounter ethical guidelines and restraints.
Writers are naturally poor judges of the clarity and correctness of their own writing.
Writers are necessary - even when the rough drafts are very rough.
Writers are no different.
Writers are no more bound to write than a butcher is to whack away at sides of beef.
Writers are no more entitled to special consideration than anyone else.
Writers are notorious for failing to support their own.
Writers are often people who know a little bit about a lot of things.
Writers are often research scientists themselves.
Writers are often solitary creatures who write because they're uncomfortable socially.
Writers are once more being reduced to protest.
Writers are ordinary people who like to write.
Writers are outsiders, observers, recorders of weird coppery breath.
Writers are part actors.
Writers are part of their times and part of literary history.
Writers are particularly notorious procratinators . . .
Writers are peculiar beings, just like faculty members are.
Writers are people who love words, so language is often carefully chosen and extremely revealing.
Writers are people who write.
Writers are people.
Writers are performers.
Writers are probably the most boring people in the world.
Writers are professionals, too, and deserve more than a few pennies per read.
Writers are prominent members.
Writers are quite valuable here because of the entertainment skills they bring.
Writers are really like everyone else in that department.
Writers are responsible for obtaining permission to reproduce images on the web.
Writers are responsible for spelling, capitalization, and minor punctuation.
Writers are responsible for the accuracy of facts and attribution used in their materials.
Writers are responsible for the creation of the articles themselves.
Writers are responsible for the success of their writing.
Writers are responsible for their own transportation to and from the trips.
Writers are rivals, but they're also readers, and often quite appreciative ones.
Writers are scavengers, after all.
Writers are selfish people.
Writers are self-made.
Writers are sensitive individuals.
Writers are simply people who write.
Writers are simply weird.
Writers are so vulnerable to being taken when it comes to finding a source to discover their work.
Writers are stars.
Writers are still the least respected talent in town and that needs to change.
Writers are storytellers at best.
Writers are storytellers.
Writers are strange people.
Writers are subject to assignment only at expiration.
Writers are subject to assignment only at that time.
Writers are taught to be succinct with their prose, that less is more.
Writers are terrible whiners.
Writers are the subjects in a handful of stories.
Writers are the ultimate egotists, next to politicians.
Writers are then free to evaluate specific electronic publishing opportunities that arise.
Writers are to remove or cross out their bylines.
Writers are to write scripts of any category.
Writers are too neurotic to ever be happy.
Writers are translators, interpreters.
Writers are tricky.
Writers are typically teachers, counselors, parents or other educators.
Writers are undoubtedly familiar with the process of rewriting based on reader response criticism.
Writers are very chatty folk.
Writers are very concerned about the Internet.
Writers are very important.
Writers are very lucky.
Writers are welcome to contribute, download our contributors guidelines .
Writers are welcome to read their own work.
Writers are welcome to send their own writing information for inclusion.
Writers are welcome to submit as many or few poems as they wish.
Writers are welcome to submit queries.
Writers are welcome to submit reprints, preprints, and manuscripts for consideration by the editor.
Writers are welcome to submit their own work. .
Writers are welcome to submit their work.
Writers are welcome to vote.
Writers are welcome.
Writers are what keep theater alive and important to society right now.
Writers are what they write, also what they fail to write.
Writers are witnesses.
Writers are workers.
Writers are world-renowned gambling experts.
Writers are writers.
Writers are, at the very heart of the matter, visual people.
Writers are, by training and nature, curious creatures.
Writers ask a lot of questions.
Writers ask silly questions.
Writers assume characters.
Writers assume no responsibility for how information presented is used by the public.
Writers assume rights.
Writers attempt to do the same thing with words.
Writers avoid long, complex sentences and refine for conciseness.
Writers become a prey.
Writers become leaders, first within their own workshops, and then as organizers of new workshops.
Writers become self-published authors who have control over every aspect of their book.
Writers become so involved in their work that they neglect their families.
Writers become so involved in their work that they neglect their wives and children.
Writers begin as readers, and words become a means of survival.
Writers begin by creating a first draft, either with prewriting help or alone.
Writers begin careers.
Writers bitch about insensitive editors and slow or nonexistent royalty checks.
Writers block can happen at any time in a writing career.
Writers borrow freely from one another according to extremely subtle rules of reference.
Writers bring information to large groups of people and can help bring about change.
Writers build stories out of details and subtleties and indirections.
Writers call it dissension.
Writers can achieve somewhat the same effect by introducing inserts.
Writers can add editorial values to the records for the algorithm to consider.
Writers can all improve and benefit, no matter at what skill level they start.
Writers can also enter the competition online by accessing the official Web site .
Writers can also look up easy words to find more complex words for children in higher grade levels.
Writers can also offer themselves for hire by entering their credentials into a database.
Writers can also pay a modest rate to retreat there.
Writers can also post their own work for online critiques and chat with other writers.
Writers can avoid purple prose by simply applying a little common sense.
Writers can be both musical and lyrical in a sentence.
Writers can be flowers too.
Writers can be grateful for autumn.
Writers can be grateful for computers.
Writers can be grateful for readers.
Writers can be grateful for things to do.
Writers can be in sixth through twelfth grade.
Writers can be notoriously cagey about their influences.
Writers can be on the set for the cast read-through.
Writers can be their own farm team and field test their work.
Writers can be too truthful.
Writers can build lasting careers on one success.
Writers can check for more content clues by visiting the title's website .
Writers can choose to work within a layout view or a galley view of their publication.
Writers can communicate in a variety of ways from business letters to stories to reports to essays.
Writers can compress weeks or years of time into a paragraph.
Writers can decides what section they want to write in and more easily find suitable examples.
Writers can define problems, set goals, ask questions, record observations and explore ideas.
Writers can develop a portfolio by contributing to campus publications.
Writers can dig through layers of dirt to get that story out.
Writers can discover things to write about anywhere they care to look.
Writers can do homage while being profusely inventive.
Writers can do that in a journal.
Writers can enter more than one script for the festival competition.
Writers can finally be a hero.
Writers can find a way to reach new readers while helping out a great cause.
Writers can find agents, and vice versa.
Writers can find lots of writing jobs.
Writers can find no more appealing story and readers never tire of the theme.
Writers can find publishers' guidelines, a writing critique group or an online class.
Writers can find tips and samples of how to write certain documents.
Writers can get away with all sorts of that kind of shit.
Writers can get help with a tutor at any step in the writing process.
Writers can give advice and support to other writers.
Writers can have impact.
Writers can help readers by making their hypertext documents scannable.
Writers can include lengthy excerpts here.
Writers can join the group at any time there is an opening.
Writers can join the group at any time.
Writers can keep science facts straight by referencing the archives available here.
Writers can lay off for longer than that and then have it all come back and be better than ever.
Writers can lend their talents to newsletters and magazines, as well as proof read other text.
Writers can make appointments for afternoon, evening, and weekend hours or simply drop by.
Writers can make similar errors when they suppress or provide incomplete evidence.
Writers can never get enough instruction, enough life experience, or enough practice at their craft.
Writers can now defend their specific interpretations.
Writers can now more than ever be their own publisher and make a living at it.
Writers can now study up on all sorts of background history, myths, legends etc.
Writers can offer for sale previously published articles and earn residual income.
Writers can only be that cruel about their home town.
Writers can participate in weekend workshops on radio drama.
Writers can participate.
Writers can pick up the scent of a breaking news story from miles away.
Writers can pitch their projects here .
Writers can post articles to the site.
Writers can post original short stories, chapters or incomplete chapters for critique.
Writers can post their work here and perhaps get noticed by a publisher.
Writers can produce material across a number of genres , fictional or non-fictional.
Writers can provide guidance and support for students interested in furthering their writing skills.
Writers can publish their nonfiction articles here and receive a royalty based on their popularity.
Writers can read the submission guidelines and submit for publication.
Writers can recognize if an idea is worth writing and getting published.
Writers can reprint anything on their personal web pages after one month.
Writers can save and print their text to use as they work on other assignments.
Writers can save their books from certain destruction on the paper market.
Writers can show everything from pleasure and sadness to anger and embarrassment.
Writers can sign up and have their content featured in the catalogue.
Writers can signal non-essential or explanatory information with a pair of commas.
Writers can start at whatever point they find easiest and gradually work toward the hard parts.
Writers can submit a manuscript for sale.
Writers can submit news about their e-books here.
Writers can submit original scripts or short stories to be reviewed by a panel.
Writers can submit poems and short stories.
Writers can submit stories and proposals and editors can search stories and submit ideas.
Writers can submit stories to the database for a fee.
Writers can submit synopses of scripts, articles, plays etc for buyers or agents to consider.
Writers can submit work developed using software to be posted on site.
Writers can submit works in either Spanish or English or a mix of both languages.
Writers can summon the muse with drugs and other stimulants.
Writers can t get away.
Writers can take ideas from anywhere to turn the blank page into a real work.
Writers can then recycle the tokens they replace.
Writers can think of the thesis as the camera lens, which the reader looks through to see the essay.
Writers can treat their mental illnesses every day.
Writers can update or revise their statements.
Writers can upload short stories, poetry, articles, and outlines to date their work.
Writers can use a lake as the setting of a story.
Writers can use for their creation any of the verse styles discussed in the preceding step.
Writers can use it to gain greater control over the material they've gathered.
Writers can use their talents in our newsletter.
Writers can work at any age.
Writers can write about anything they want, any sex they want, any place they want.
Writers can write, using any software on any computer.
Writers change details, to suit their moods.
Writers charter the union and ratify a constitution that insures democracy.
Writers check their mail boxes often, eager and hopeful that acceptance is awaiting.
Writers choose and present arguments with a clear awareness of reader needs.
Writers choose details, evidence, and even language that is mostly likely to sway the reader.
Writers choose from a range of literary genres to express their ideas.
Writers choose from the menu to place objects into the context of a frame.
Writers choose the staff member they want to read their script - there is a sliding pay scale.
Writers choose to tell their stories from a point of view that best suits their purpose.
Writers clearly get to just keep on going.
Writers click above to register.
Writers collect good and bad rejections.
Writers come at various stages of the drafting and revising process.
Writers come from all walks of life.
Writers come in all ages and types and backgrounds.
Writers come in all shapes and sizes.
Writers come in all sorts.
Writers come into rooms.
Writers come to rely upon some paragraph styles more than others.
Writers come to writers' conferences to get published.
Writers communicate better on the page than they do in person.
Writers communicate technical information to users of many knowledge levels.
Writers complete articles.
Writers conduct in-class workshops once a week, for a period of ten to twelve weeks.
Writers constantly seek that elusive clipping.
Writers construct a historical record, and mostly they do a good job.
Writers continue to look to water as subject and inspiration for their works.
Writers continue tradition.
Writers contribute pieces to periodicals or books.
Writers contribute to advancement.
Writers cramp is when the muscles of the hand spasm.
Writers crave it.
Writers create map views.
Writers create paper.
Writers create text.
Writers decide to self-publish their work for a number of reasons.
Writers depend upon our characters to fire our imagination.
Writers describe the world they know.
Writers deserve better treatment than half promises.
Writers deserve response.
Writers deserve to be paid.
Writers deserve to get paid more and get more credit for their efforts.
Writers design characters and events to convey powerful themes.
Writers develop attention-grabbing copy for print, telemarketing and broadcast.
Writers develop subjects.
Writers develop their plays through a structured outline process.
Writers develop their screenplays through a structured outline process.
Writers develop writing rituals.
Writers devise private symbols for a particular work.
Writers differ about the legal obligations arising from each pactum .
Writers digest which contains poems, stories, essays, columns, and links.
Writers disagree as to the identity of the woman who led the procession.
Writers Discover the African American writers who have created lasting works.
Writers discover what they want to say, why they want to say it, and how they want to say it.
Writers discuss the gothic elements in southern literature, if such a genre actually exists.
Writers do behave oddly.
Writers do facts and figures better.
Writers do have a responsibility to the community, and they can use their talent to benefit others.
Writers do indeed write about writers writing.
Writers do retain the copyrights to their individual writings.
Writers do the editing and remain the judges of what they want to say.
Writers do the same thing.
Writers do their best work when they are least respectable.
Writers do what teenagers do, taking on and changing the language.
Writers do work.
Writers earn cash with original columns, poems, essays, humor, and fiction.
Writers embrace or pastiche techniques drawn from every period and every level of culture.
Writers emerge from all walks in life from housewives to executives.
Writers emphasize effects.
Writers encourage readers.
Writers especially are at risk, because of that abandoned building fetish.
Writers everywhere are more sensitive to related topics, such as self-censorship, than a decade ago.
Writers everywhere feel the same way.
Writers expect too much in the way of esteem-building, validation, and empathy.
Writers explore issues of importance regarding their craft.
Writers express complex ideas.
Writers express ideas.
Writers express single complex ideas.
Writers extrapolate from both scientific knowledge and social patterns.
Writers face deadlines.
Writers face similar persecution.
Writers fail to produce stories that conform with established limits.
Writers fall back on the arguments made by fair-trade advocates.
Writers fall to their knees for a good word processor.
Writers feel difficulty.
Writers fill the technology world with passive and therefore boring writing.
Writers find active sentences easier to write if they seek out the actors during reporting.
Writers find inspiration from many different places.
Writers find motivation in a number of ways.
Writers find out how other writers are getting work.
Writers first select a topic or are assigned one by an editor.
Writers focus on creating content consisting of straight text or very simple html.
Writers focus on principles.
Writers focus on the hustling or the trampling over each other for success.
Writers forget at their peril that they have brains.
Writers form a detection league.
Writers function in a sterile environment.
Writers gain a sense of audience.
Writers gain prominence.
Writers gather for professional development, to share resources, to socialize, and to network.
Writers gather information through personal observation, library research, and interviews.
Writers generally are limited to one letter per month.
Writers generally cover own expenses.
Writers get off into weird areas emotionally and it's very strange terrain.
Writers get to make up stories all the time.
Writers get to show off their finest works through legitimate, paid publication.
Writers get to write.
Writers get Writers Bloc.
Writers give actors something to interpret.
Writers give and receive feedback on original work.
Writers give senders options by composing flexible verses.
Writers give the stars and directors the stories.
Writers give their favorite tips to keep the self-doubt at bay.
Writers grow prolix.
Writers grow up with permeable selves, and the very process of secrecy feels familiar.
Writers hand out drafts of their work in advance to other members of the group.
Writers hate to be pushed.
Writers hate typos.
Writers have (part) arms.
Writers have (part) body substances.
Writers have (part) cell membranes.
Writers have (part) cells.
Writers have (part) corpi.
Writers have (part) cytoplasm.
Writers have (part) heads.
Writers have (part) human bodies.
Writers have (part) legs.
Writers have (part) material bodies.
Writers have (part) necks.
Writers have (part) nuclei.
Writers have (part) personality.
Writers have (part) plasma membranes.
Writers have (part) sections.
Writers have (part) vacuoles.
Writers have a better ethic, only steal from the best.
Writers have a larger audience.
Writers have a little holy light within, like a pilot light, which fear is always blowing out.
Writers have a lot of power and only a few take the power and use it.
Writers have a more difficult time with women.
Writers have a responsibility to the society.
Writers have a secret weapon in characterization.
Writers have a sophisticated view of their own material.
Writers have a thing about deadlines.
Writers have ability.
Writers have an infinite variety of potential main characters.
Writers have been working for years then suddenly they're an overnight sensations.
Writers have careers.
Writers have crazy ideas.
Writers have dreams .
Writers have enormous influence on culture and the way people think about themselves.
Writers have experience, knowledge, and understanding of the topic.
Writers have experience.
Writers have faces.
Writers have ideas.
Writers have knowledge.
Writers have long memories for unfriendly reviews.
Writers have many ways of making words come alive.
Writers have more freelancing opportunities with magazines that have a wide scope.
Writers have more things to keep in mind than a juggler has balls to keep in the air.
Writers have no clout.
Writers have novel ways.
Writers have publishers.
Writers have some personal experience with the bookstore or seller which they are reviewing.
Writers have successful careers.
Writers have such hard times if they just have rules and theories.
Writers have text.
Writers have the final say over their articles.
Writers have the imagination and the dedication to make their dreams a reality.
Writers have the opportunity to get savaged by anonymous strangers.
Writers have the option to remain anonymous or to use a pen-name.
Writers have the same flexibility.
Writers have the written page.
Writers have their own perspectives and what they write is often influenced by their experiences.
Writers have three different options for adding Connection functions to their work.
Writers have to adverbtise.
Writers have to anticipate the opposition.
Writers have to be bold without being cocky.
Writers have to be careful and insert the comma when it is necessary for readability.
Writers have to be comfortable with their own wandering thoughts.
Writers have to be sure to give credit where credit is due.
Writers have to cultivate the habit early in life of listening to people other than themselves.
Writers have to deal with the nearly instantaneous feedback that their readers deliver.
Writers have to find a level between their artistic integrity and their practical needs.
Writers have to get inside their characters in order to tell their stories.
Writers have to have fun, too.
Writers have to know what makes a Hollywood film.
Writers have to learn to trust themselves.
Writers have to make it real.
Writers have to make the sacrifice and get up early to work.
Writers have to resist.
Writers have to think of setting.
Writers have to work hard even to get an agent's attention.
Writers have to write novels to pay the bills.
Writers Having the time and opportunity to write is something no author takes for granted.
Writers hear letters, words or sentences as they type.
Writers help create realities that others later inhabit.
Writers help get the message out.
Writers help organize information.
Writers helping writers achieve greater success.
Writers helping writers perfect their craft for publication.
Writers hire freelance editors for a variety of reasons.
Writers hold up flags.
Writers hole up in wooden beach cottages and ponder how poetically the wind howls.
Writers imagine one ideal reader when they write.
Writers include details.
Writers inherit ideas.
Writers intensify characterizations and plots by emphasizing children's vulnerability.
Writers introduce concepts.
Writers introduce ideas.
Writers just tend to write about their environment.
Writers just write.
Writers keep surprising themselves. . .
Writers kid themselves more often than they fool their readers.
Writers kill people.
Writers know different because writers are different.
Writers know different.
Writers know everything.
Writers know for books.
Writers know how to make a telling point without noise.
Writers know it doesn t always work out that way.
Writers know no nationality.
Writers know that sort of thing instinctively.
Writers know what evil is and invariably expose it.
Writers know whenever their synopses are looked at.
Writers lead busy lives and actually forget about their journals.
Writers learn as much from their fellows as they do from their teachers.
Writers learn best when writing is taught as a process in decentralized classrooms.
Writers learn conventions of spelling, grammar and style by reading.
Writers learn from one another.
Writers learn how the writing choices they make affect an audience.
Writers learn how to detect and assess the biases in the materials they are using.
Writers learn their craft by doing it.
Writers learn to develop material once, then adapt it for multiple uses and media.
Writers learn to keep commitments and meet deadlines.
Writers learn to optimize flow entry over time with increased knowledge and practice.
Writers learn to select styles and forms appropriate to their personal meaning and purpose.
Writers learn to utilize their powers of observation.
Writers learn to write by writing.
Writers lie intentionally or passively to create suspense and ambuguity.
Writers like to hear that.
Writers listen to the feedback or take notes.
Writers live in areas.
Writers live in social contexts regardless of where.
Writers live in the mind and in hotels of the soul. . .
Writers live naked to feel life s changes without reservations.
Writers live to see their work widely disseminated.
Writers live with rejection.
Writers locate publishers for their works.
Writers look at type as a functional element that delivers their words.
Writers Look Here.
Writers look through windows.
Writers love 'em, others hate 'em.
Writers love feedback.
Writers love it, but some critics have a problem with the dialect.
Writers love to know that others are struggling too.
Writers make a donation towards the cost of their stay on a sliding scale, according to ability.
Writers make all the difference, of course.
Writers make applications.
Writers make changes to their papers at different levels.
Writers make choices, informed, responsible choices.
Writers make discoveries as a result of writing, and consequently, they draft, and draft, and draft.
Writers make language arise from a heap of words.
Writers move back and forth between writing and reading as they produce text.
Writers move up in stages and steps, as talent and opportunities permit.
Writers never ask other writers that.
Writers never know what they're talking about.
Writers never retire.
Writers never stop worrying.
Writers never wear suits.
Writers now have an expanded and challenging role that includes the design of labels and messages.
Writers now worry about typefaces, point size, indents, em dashes, and leading.
Writers occasionally confuse the words breath and breathe.
Writers offer writing workshops to the faculty during their residency.
Writers Offers biographies of women authors as well as full-text books when available.
Writers Only is a FREE classified service for writers and publishers.
Writers organize thoughts.
Writers paddle up and down rivers.
Writers participate at debates, curriculum's and conferences.
Writers pass in and out of fashion.
Writers pay a small fee as a contribution to the administration of the website.
Writers pay no fee for the manuscript to be reviewed.
Writers perform wordsmithing to ensure reader understanding.
Writers periodically check their hanger for peer responses.
Writers place the work themselves on the website.
Writers plan and draft in many different ways.
Writers post news.
Writers prepare instruction manuals.
Writers prepare manuals.
Writers present examples.
Writers pretend they know what they're doing.
Writers probably are never satisfied with their work, and they're always wanting to change it.
Writers probably read in a different way than most readers.
Writers produce the art that critics wrangle over.
Writers project an intended character or 'speaker' on the page.
Writers provide descriptions.
Writers publish their ideas based on their own interpretation of primary sources.
Writers purposefully use tone to convey their message or the point of the passage.
Writers rave about their flawless recipe of words that caught an editor's interest.
Writers reach tentative agreement.
Writers Read A writer needs to master the language they are writing in.
Writers read aloud while others listen and follow along for each draft.
Writers read other writers.
Writers read their own stories, sitting at the front of the room.
Writers read their writing and provide mutual critiques and support.
Writers read voraciously for information.
Writers really know how to script a good acceptance speech, of course.
Writers receive a royalty for every appearance of their column on a paying client's Web site.
Writers receive a small payment and a free subscription to set for the year of publication.
Writers receive advances on acceptance of their works.
Writers receive air.
Writers receive assignment contracts prior to piece production.
Writers receive free showcase accounts for displaying samples of their work.
Writers receive help realizing the potential of their scripts.
Writers receive royalties for their material per book sold.
Writers recognize editors as valuable resources.
Writers recognize the basic principals of communications.
Writers recognizes the contributions of women writers throughout history.
Writers record answers.
Writers reinterpret experience, and use their imagination to reshape it and give it meaning.
Writers relate ideas with words.
Writers relate to the act of writing in many ways, from hobby to way of life.
Writers rely on their taste, experience, and common sense when deciding how to write.
Writers remember, characterize and criticize a city they love.
Writers reminisce about their first job.
Writers report the old road to be the victim of 'fly tipping', so take care walking along it.
Writers represents no one but themselves.
Writers require feedback at all stages of the writing process.
Writers respond to a series of prompts and can save, print, or email the results of their session.
Writers retain all other rights to their work.
Writers retain all rights and reprints are accepted as well as original works.
Writers retain all rights to their pieces.
Writers retain all rights to their works.
Writers retain all rights, and are free to publish elsewhere at any time.
Writers retain all rights.
Writers retain all their copyrights and are free to leave the network at any time.
Writers retain copyrights on all submitted original materials they author.
Writers retain copyrights to their work.
Writers retain full rights of their works.
Writers retain full rights.
Writers retain their rights.
Writers reveal themselves profoundly in the ways they choose to end novels.
Writers revise their articles.
Writers say athletes are trained to be violent.
Writers say that creative writing means transforming into a trance-like state.
Writers say the credit implies that the director penned the piece.
Writers see color.
Writers see fly color.
Writers see shades.
Writers see situations.
Writers see walls or billboards and imagine their work sprayed upon it.
Writers seek only the recognition they deserve as true collaborators.
Writers seem free to write almost anything they choose at any length they choose.
Writers seem particularly susceptible.
Writers seem to be learning from their Very Special mistakes, but no medium is saff.
Writers send editorial content to osOpinion in an effort to speak to a large technosavvy audience .
Writers send query letters.
Writers serve as translators between the technical experts and the audience.
Writers shape ideas and create symmetry and natural flow.
Writers share their deepest, darkest secrets, and anyone who surfs by can reply back.
Writers share their observations on the process of finding a subject, composing, and revising.
Writers share work in safe environment.
Writers share works in progress, tips and experiences.
Writers show how to make gourd instruments, weave baskets, or make a simple pair of boots.
Writers Sign Up Find out how our site works.
Writers Sign Up Form Find out how our site works.
Writers simply create an object, then fill out the corresponding properties.
Writers simply do what they are asked to do.
Writers sit at their typewriters or computers, and then the book comes out.
Writers sit in a room alone with the lights turned out, creating other worlds in their heads.
Writers sit in a round with each other.
Writers somtimes use passive voice in order to avoid identifying the subject of the sentence.
Writers specialize in subjects.
Writers spend a lot of time scrambling for photographs.
Writers start by selecting a topic or being assigned one by an editor.
Writers start with a blank sheet of paper.
Writers strive to test important knowledge and the ability to synthesize information.
Writers submit it and put a face on it that is usable by the general public.
Writers submit pictures of their pieces to the magazines and the best ones are printed.
Writers suggest examples.
Writers suggest tests.
Writers support keeping refuge a wild place.
Writers take a great deal of time creating a book.
Writers take changes to heart.
Writers take part in drama-writing workshops, examining various aspects of drama.
Writers take risks, try out hunches, and play with their imaginations.
Writers talk about racial prejudice and xenophobia, or about mobbing, or existential questions.
Writers talk about their relationships with agents.
Writers talk alot to stay alive.
Writers teach themselves to observe, putting their sense memories into Olympic training.
Writers tell stories that are pointless unless they are read.
Writers tell the stories of individual struggles and of cultures.
Writers tell their own stories, and in doing so they tell the stories of the societies they live in.
Writers tend to be a depressive lot.
Writers tend to be late bloomers.
Writers tend to be long-winded.
Writers tend to be soft-spoken and unwilling to fight for their opinions.
Writers tend to be stronger about what they know.
Writers tend to be very good at naming their characters.
Writers tend to become hopelessly blocked when they try to please specific readers.
Writers tend to bungle their attempts at sarcasm and the readers tend to bungle their detection.
Writers tend to give their people traits in laundry-list fashion.
Writers tend to see their people, their characters, moving in real time.
Writers tend to see things from their own points of view, looking in one direction very much.
Writers tend to take a rejection more personally from an editor.
Writers tend to write in the dominant language.
Writers then focus on content and typically generate and organize ideas.
Writers then make the hard decisions about selecting the best material to use to write the story.
Writers think differently about the idea of an audience or readership.
Writers think in a complex manner.
Writers think in story lines and character types.
Writers think of change as coming from popular articles, and so forth.
Writers think of scenes.
Writers to develop concepts.
Writers traditionally feel like second-class citizens in Hollywood.
Writers try new ways of writing and new story ideas .
Writers try new ways of writing and new story ideas.
Writers try to describe the traumatic experience of the war crimes and genocide.
Writers try to emulate life.
Writers try to fill the gap with alcohol.
Writers try to jam in past written scenes that have no relevance in the new draft.
Writers try to use language in cognitively efficient ways .
Writers turn in drafts of articles on time.
Writers turn in their final drafts in advance of the final draft deadline.
Writers turn lemons into lemonade all the time.
Writers type their bylines before they start writing a story.
Writers unabashedly comment on putting a quality product on the ice or the field or the court.
Writers understand values.
Writers understand what makes a good story.
Writers upload their written works to the website, building up a database of material.
Writers use a tone appropriate to argument, sometimes shifting tone for rhetorical effect.
Writers use conventional symbols to reinforce meanings.
Writers use journals in a different way.
Writers use jumbo clips.
Writers use our eyes and our ears.
Writers use passage.
Writers use prose, poetry, and letters as part of courtship rituals.
Writers use quotations for many different purposes.
Writers use References to indicate that a message has a parent.
Writers use several techniques to develop extended definitions.
Writers use simile and metaphor in prose too, to bring life and richness to what they have to say.
Writers use small towns and kids as a kind of microcosm of the larger world.
Writers use the function of the document and the user groups to suggest design choices. . .
Writers use transitions both within paragraphs and between paragraphs.
Writers use varying strategies to convince readers.
Writers use what they know about the world in their stories.
Writers use writing tools.
Writers using numbers as chapter headings is a weird concept.
Writers utilize time and energy creating reviews.
Writers value the intelligence and knowledge of their readers.
Writers value their work.
Writers vary as much as types of books vary.
Writers vary in their estimates, but there is no doubt that their number runs into millions.
Writers vary sentence length and type, making the writing interesting and readable.
Writers vary with each presentation of the course.
Writers vote on the new contract next month.
Writers want facts.
Writers want readers.
Writers watch people.
Writers weave their tales of daring do's and dangerous don'ts . . .
Writers work and work on some songs forever, and nothing happens.
Writers work at home, in a room by themselves.
Writers work from home and no travel is required.
Writers work from home, no travel is required.
Writers work in all sorts of settings on a wide variety of projects.
Writers work in isolation.
Writers work in offices.
Writers work in solitude, so a support system is essential.
Writers work is the manipulation of language.
Writers work long hours to make the meagre incomes that they do.
Writers work on a freelance basis.
Writers work on a royalty basis, getting more money as sales increase.
Writers work similarly.
Writers work to a greater or lesser degree to control the experience of the reader.
Writers work with actors and directors on their original material.
Writers work with experts.
Writers work with technology experts.
Writers working in the prewriting stage can exhibit many forms of behavior.
Writers working outside the boundaries of a completely realized fantasy world do it quite easily.
Writers workshops .
Writers write .
Writers Write .
Writers Write A listing of jobs, tools, and resources.
Writers Write A monthly magazine furnishing analysis and industry news.
Writers Write A place to get information, new and such about writing.
Writers Write A site for primarily for electronic writers.
Writers Write A subscription service with many different resources.
Writers write about their family's daily life.
Writers write about what they know, which is why so many characters are writers.
Writers write about what they know.
Writers Write an essay based on the above theme.
Writers write aspects.
Writers write because they have a point to make.
Writers write best about the subjects they care deeply about.
Writers write books.
Writers write chapters.
Writers Write Devoted to getting published on the web.
Writers write differently for different audiences.
Writers write either out of a sense of social responsibility or to satisfy themselves.
Writers write fewer books.
Writers write from empathy.
Writers write from memory.
Writers Write great site with info and links for writers of all genres.
Writers write letters.
Writers write novels.
Writers Write Offers on-line journal, chat area, many useful links, and more.
Writers Write One-stop resource for information about books, writing and publishing.
Writers write output.
Writers Write publishes a much-respected magazine that includes book reviews.
Writers write resource for information about books, writing, and publishing.
Writers Write reviews, features, and previews for Inside Mac Games.
Writers write something, and then they change it.
Writers write stories, or they write about things that really happened.
Writers write stories.
Writers write to be read.
Writers write to inspire and teach.
Writers write to reach people.
Writers write under other names or they split fees with other writers who are still in the clear.
Writers Write Very good resource for all writers with a section especially for Songwriters.
Writers write what they have seen and felt, hoping to shed some light on our lives.
Writers write what they know, they write about personal experience and poignant moments in life.
Writers write what they know.
Writers write what they want to be.
Writers write with neither pure subconscious inspiration nor blind allegiance to structure.
Writers write, and writers read.
Writers write, artists make art, musicians compose, etc.
Writers write, publishers sell.
Writers always begin their writing with a purpose in mind.
Writers always go back to their young days, to their young lives.
Writers always have to follow the principle, Do what works.
Writers always tip good.
Writer frequently uses language choices to enhance the text.
Writers frequently aspire to communicate with their readers of the future.
Writers frequently use writing as a means of self-revelation.
Writers often are dreamers and when they drive a car, they think about other things.
Writers often assume that because a mail has been sent that it has been received - and read.
Writers often believe clever quotes and quips dress up an otherwise pedestrian story.
Writers often compare ideas.
Writers often complain about the lack of feedback from the editors.
Writers often confuse the centers with the camps.
Writers often depend on romantic images for inspiration.
Writers often disguise their lives as fiction.
Writers often drop -s endings for plurals when they are in a hurry to get ideas on paper.
Writers often feed their creativity through several coexisting personalities.
Writers often get an amount up front for the script and a bonus if the script goes into production.
Writers often get nervous when there's talk about their responsibilities.
Writers often go through many revisions before they are satisfied with their work.
Writers often have a beast inside, struggling to get out.
Writers often have magical recollections of books in their childhood.
Writers often have to work long days to make ends meet.
Writers often have to write as a second career, as a spare time passion.
Writers often interchange the names.
Writers often know when their editor is looking for new writers.
Writers often leave out the second mark in a pair.
Writers often make mistakes with parallelism.
Writers often misquote.
Writers often move recursively, shifting from one activity to another and back again as they write.
Writers often presume that their return address infers clear authority.
Writers often pride themselves on the suppleness of their art and craft and write in several styles.
Writers often refer to specific myths to clarify and vivify points which they are trying to make.
Writers often repeat Nonfiction Writing II as they continue to develop projects.
Writers often talk about the long hours they put in writing, before going to their day job.
Writers often try to look smart by using big words.
Writers often use a key change at the chorus to separate it and set it apart.
Writers often use examples that show how a principle can be applied to everyday life.
Writers often use tape recorders while collecting facts.
Writers often vary in writing numbers out or using figures.
Writers often work with confidential material.
Writers often write about the past in order to express their understanding of it.
Writer sometimes uses language choices to enhance the text.
Writers sometimes divide their time between countries.
Writers sometimes feel like that.
Writers sometimes give up living and act only as observers.
Writers sometimes hire a professional reader or story analyst to evaluate their scripts.
Writers sometimes use the following devices to begin their expository essays.
Writers sometimes use the following devices to begin their persuasive essays.
Writers usually become executive producers by creating their own series.
Writers usually forget to think about how long the story needs to be.
Writers usually use freewriting to get ready for the process described below.
Writers usually write for a specific audience.
Writers usually write for a very specific audience.
All writers agree to allow spelling, punctuation, and grammatical changes to their work.
All writers are also readers.
All writers are egoists.
All writers are vain, selfish and lazy, and at the very bottom of their motives lies a mystery.
All writers are volunteers but it's still a pretty good monthly.
All writers are weird.
All writers are welcome, regardless of gender, ethnic origin, disability, age or sexuality.
All writers are welcome.
All writers belong to the class of non-orators.
All writers benefit from feedback on work in progress.
All writers can attend the company's open access workshops.
All Writers Can Learn from Advertising.
All writers can learn the benefits of growing from life's pains.
All writers check and recheck their thinking strategies as they revise their work.
All writers consent to the publishing of their stories on the Web site without compensation.
All writers deserve prizes, if only for trying.
All writers do, no matter what they do, if they're writing true songs.
All writers do.
All writers drop names.
All writers embellish.
All writers experience writer's block.
All writers face writer's block at least once.
All writers get advice from friends and colleagues.
All writers get Manila when they get a demo.
All writers go through a series of creative steps in developing and preparing written work.
All writers have . . .
All writers have a point of view.
All writers have bad days.
All writers have biases.
All writers have one thing in common, and that is daring.
All writers have their ambitions to reach as wide an audience as possible, of course.
All writers have their own approach.
All writers have their own biases.
All writers have to rely on inspiration.
All writers have weak spots.
All writers inflate their worth.
All writers keep some kind of journal in order to store ideas for future use.
All writers learn the speaking styles of different types of people in different situations.
All writers make mistakes, and typos can be hard to catch.
All writers manipulate story elements and language to suit their purposes.
All writers read, and all good writers read a lot.
All writers receive a POP mail account or a re-direct to the email address of their choice.
All writers receive rejection letters.
All writers receive rejection notices at some time.
All writers record simultaneously .
All writers rely on dictionaries and handbooks when they proofread.
All writers retain their copyrights.
All writers rewrite.
All writers secretly harbor a dream of writing one.
All writers seem to approach their work differently.
All writers struggle to get it just right.
All writers submit one week prior.
All writers suffer from some form of divine madness.
All writers use catch-phrases emotive words and rhetoric that grabs the readers attention.
All writers use some form of process or formula for writing.
All writers use the same process.
All writers welcome.
All writers work in different ways.
All writers work under the minimal constraint, while most also work under the intermediate.
All writers write about the average man.
Any writer can obviously identify with the having both faith and hope.
Any writer can read ANY editors mind.
Any writer can sympathize.
Any writer does.
Any writer has moments of despair.
Any writer has to deal with a barrage of complexity here.
Any writer is entitled to one tiny little mistake.
Any writer needs a great deal of time to concentrate, even to write a short story.
Any writer residing in Utah is eligible to enter the competition.
Any writer worth their weight in ink does a thorough investigation of their topic.
Every writer always hopes.
Every writer approaches that first blank page or screen differently.
Every writer begins fiction in a unique way.
Every writer builds a cosmology.
Every writer can benefit from line editing.
Every writer can participate in the web.
Every writer can participate in the Web.
Every writer comes to the Colorado River in the Grand Canyon with a unique point of view.
Every writer creates a pattern of disproportions.
Every writer does.
Every writer experiences periods of frustrating resistance in their work.
Every writer gets performance anxiety.
Every writer gets the chance to make a name for themself.
Every writer has a different routine.
Every writer has a limited creative range.
Every writer has a personal tale about the hardships of writing.
Every writer has a question they dread being asked.
Every writer has a reason to be successful.
Every writer has a secret weapon.
Every writer has a unique aesthetic.
Every writer has a unique method.
Every writer has a unique style.
Every writer has an individual style.
Every writer has certain things they do before they write.
Every writer has conflicts.
Every writer has different means of getting there and staying there.
Every writer has snags, blocks, off days.
Every writer has some ideas about how to improve a specific piece of writing.
Every writer has sources of inspiration too.
Every writer has the experience of being told that a novel, a story, is 'about' something or other.
Every writer has their favorite piece of work.
Every writer has their own particular style.
Every writer has to beconscious of their readership, though.
Every writer has to find their own way into writing.
Every writer has to start somewhere.
Every writer has work that needs revision.
Every writer interprets ideas and story material in different ways.
Every writer is a good procrastinator.
Every writer is a narcissist.
Every writer is a reader and all reading is writing.
Every writer is an individual and every writer has a right to define their own role.
Every writer is aware that reviews are subjective and the opinion of the reader.
Every writer is different about their inspiration.
Every writer is different in that aspect.
Every writer is different.
Every writer is faced with the problem of getting published.
Every writer is 'food, food, food.
Every writer is important.
Every writer is unique.
Every writer is, on some level, writing autobiographically.
Every writer knows how hard it is to land that first publishing contract.
Every writer knows how important it is to verify details when writing.
Every writer knows it's much harder to write short.
Every writer knows that the secret to good writing is revision.
Every writer knows there is nothing better or worse for one's mental health than writing.
Every writer loves fan mail.
Every writer needs a good clich here s the mother load.
Every writer needs a good dictionary.
Every writer needs a good editor.
Every writer needs a little inspiration.
Every writer needs a place to work.
Every writer needs a publisher.
Every writer needs a reader.
Every writer needs a supoort system.
Every writer needs a thesaurus to help find the very best words.
Every writer needs an editor.
Every writer needs an experienced editor.
Every writer needs an objective copy editor.
Every writer needs feedback.
Every writer needs to develop a critical sense to augment creative ability.
Every Writer Needs to Know.
Every writer owns a copy, and most get the updated editions every year.
Every writer peoples a universe.
Every writer projects an invention larger than the self on the page.
Every writer says so.
Every writer starts out as a beginner.
Every writer starts the same - at step one.
Every writer uses different techniques.
Every writer wants to have a choice of avenues to increase their potential for success.
Every writer wants to write something that'll last long enough to be part of the public domain.
Every writer works differently.
Many writers often feel that their writing becomes stale for reasons that they can t explain.
Many writers often find themselves with no money coming in for years.
Many writers often start off with a question.
Many writers also believe that writing is difficult, a form of suffering.
Many writers also like to read aloud.
Many writers also require that a causal statement be supported with a natural law.
Many writers appear in several volumes.
Many writers are also journalers.
Many writers are clearly concerned for the souls of men.
Many writers are just more comfortable writing fiction.
Many writers are never able to give it up.
Many writers are only dimly aware of their audience as they draft their stories.
Many writers are plotters.
Many writers are reluctant to kill off a sympathetic or amusing character.
Many writers argue that Chechens are victims of terrorism rather than terrorist.
Many writers assume that only the Eastern Rites exist.
Many writers attempt to use the present tense to create a sense of immediacy.
Many writers bang out four or five scripts a year.
Many writers begin by discovering who and what their characters are all about.
Many writers can write interesting body paragraphs.
Many writers choose to use a pen-name when they are starting out.
Many writers churn out Web pages as a companion to their print pages.
Many writers class large corporations with governments as bureaucracies.
Many writers come because they are admirers of Coppola.
Many writers confuse genre with structure.
Many writers consider the how-to market inexhaustible.
Many writers consult colleagues and peers about versions of their work and seek advice on revision.
Many writers continue to log on, long after their stricken family members have died.
Many writers create a child character and tell the story through that character's eyes.
Many writers define the problems of the society in their stories, but that is just the beginning.
Many writers describe all the activities of animals as their habits.
Many writers do an excellent job of devising interesting sounding new weapons and equipment.
Many writers do little else but sit in small rooms recalling the real world.
Many writers draw from their dreams to produce stories and articles.
Many writers end up receiving a few free copies of the printed work and no more.
Many writers engage in self-censorship because they worry about the possibility of being sued.
Many writers enjoy practical and busy careers far from the limelight.
Many writers enter a competition simply to prove something.
Many writers face rejection over and over again.
Many writers fall into the trap of sentiment, or fake hope.
Many writers feel that it can add the right flow to the sentence structure at times.
Many writers feel that the way to reach kids is to inject kid characters into the story.
Many writers feel that work that remains on the net indefinitely merits additional payment.
Many writers find introductions to be the most difficult section of papers to write.
Many writers find it extremely difficult to separate rejection of the work from rejection of self.
Many writers find it helpful to get their initial thoughts down on paper before they begin to write.
Many writers find it helpful to have a professional web page.
Many writers find it really cathartic to write about how they are feeling.
Many writers find it useful to read their dialogue aloud.
Many writers find their way into the field after they have completed degrees in other fields.
Many writers find university writing clubs and author's associations to be helpful.
Many writers forget that reference apparatus actually has a use.
Many writers get their best ideas in discussions with colleagues, friends or from reading.
Many writers habitually use long and imposing words.
Many writers hate the narrator.
Many writers have a pen name they use for writing.
Many writers have a problem with insecurity.
Many writers have a tendency to add certain nouns to phrases without adding meaning or precision.
Many writers have an aspiration for their work to outlive their bodies.
Many writers have an impossible time obtaining an agent for a screenplay.
Many writers have no eye for design.
Many writers have problems with imagery.
Many writers have the mistaken belief that agents have time to devote equally to all their clients.
Many writers have trouble writing about themselves.
Many writers immediately label the unification bout as the Fight of the Year.
Many writers joke that their offices are wallpapered with rejection letters.
Many writers keep a journal.
Many writers know the importance of a back story to help develop their characters.
Many writers lament the difficulties of making a living as a writer today.
Many writers learn their craft writing for periodicals, and go on to write books.
Many writers like to leave it for last so that they can concentrate on their ideas first.
Many writers merely list ideas and their evidence, rather than linking one to the next.
Many writers never get past the stage where they put together a book proposal.
Many writers only discover their thesis statement in the final paragraph of the first draft.
Many writers overuse capital letters in body text.
Many writers plan their writings using such things as webs, lists, etc.
Many writers play it safe behind vague or complex lyrics.
Many writers point to success in a particular medium.
Many writers prefer to keep such and as together.
Many writers profess great exactness in punctuation, who never yet made a point.
Many writers profess great exactness of punctuation, who never yet made a point.
Many writers quit and the violence subsided.
Many writers refer to dematerialization and the emergence of the knowledge-based economy.
Many writers relate to their art in terms of nursing an inner or outer wound.
Many writers remain suspicious of the computer, especially for first drafts.
Many writers save a good morsel for the end, perhaps their second-best quote.
Many writers save grammatical and spelling corrections for the last draft.
Many writers say their goal in writing novels is to offer their readers a well-crafted tale.
Many writers say writing is living twice.
Many writers see close relationships between feminism and postmodernism.
Many writers seem to consume a large quantity of liquid and solid substances.
Many writers seem to consume a large quantity of liquids and food substances.
Many writers send out review copies rather than the finished, bound book.
Many writers send work here that is too good for a rejection slip to be the appropriate response.
Many writers speak about how they ordered the chapters of their books very carefully.
Many writers stay indefinitely, but others move on, burn out, or lose interest.
Many writers struggle with understanding the difference between what a story is and character goals.
Many writers struggle with writing a one page description of their stories.
Many writers submit their articles to a number of publications simultaneously.
Many writers suffer through agonizing bouts of writer's block, depression, or worse.
Many writers suggest beginning in the middle with the thesis statement and body paragraphs.
Many writers suggest putting the story aside for a few days or weeks.
Many writers suggest that Xers are hesitant when it comes to commitment.
Many writers take more time composing a query letter than they take to write the article itself.
Many writers talk about their characters leading the direction of their work.
Many writers tell about how they received numerous rejections before their big break through.
Many writers think so.
Many writers think that entering and winning contests is a way to build a writing resume.
Many writers try to pack as much background information into the first chapter as possible.
Many writers turn to each other for guidance and feedback, in the form of critiquing circles.
Many writers underestimate the intelligence of their audience.
Many writers use a form of journaling as a workshop and the storehouse of their raw material.
Many writers use different terms for the same concepts.
Many writers use index cards, simply using an index card for each submission that was sent.
Many writers use it to refer to one's notions about how teaching occurs.
Many writers use literary assistants to check articles grammatically and eliminate repetition.
Many writers use the passive voice to sound more authorita-tive and impersonal.
Many writers use their journal as a sort of writing equivalent of a drawing sketchpad.
Many writers work across genres.
Many writers work part time while they are establishing themselves in the field.
Many writers write about where they come from and what they know.
Many writers write more when they ought to write more clearly.
Many writers write their first drafts from their numbered list.
Many writers write their introductions after they've written the rest of their essays.
Most writers achieve the goal of a minimum of words through editing and rewriting several times.
Most writers acknowledge characters.
Most writers acquire knowledge.
Most writers agree that the majority of faculty members want to improve the learning environment.
Most writers are a little odd.
Most writers are also webmasters who hates reading spams.
Most writers are artists, and appreciate that art is born of suffering.
Most writers are avid readers.
Most writers are concerned about protecting their work against infringement, and rightfully so.
Most writers are cowards.
Most writers are good at depicting either intricate social ambiguities or more primitive urges.
Most writers are happy to complain about their publishers.
Most writers are in charge of editorial systems at newspapers and magazines.
Most writers are in their late teens to their mid-thirties.
Most writers are like that.
Most writers are often computer programmers who want to show off their programming prowess.
Most writers are open to suggestions and change.
Most writers are parents and educators who try to present issues from both sides.
Most writers are shy people who experience life very internally.
Most writers assume characters.
Most writers assume rights.
Most writers avoid the term etc.
Most writers begin careers.
Most writers begin with the short story.
Most writers believe their papers deserve wide publication.
Most writers benefit from thoughtful, effective intervention or collaboration at various stages.
Most writers benefit from trying out ideas and writing with other writers.
Most writers can t get inside people s heads.
Most writers can understand using quotes to denote quoted text.
Most writers change publishers.
Most writers choose a graphic from the selection provided by the software.
Most writers collect books.
Most writers combine the two.
Most writers come into rooms.
Most writers come to comedy from the joke.
Most writers complete articles.
Most writers confine themselves to a single, at most a few, notes.
Most writers continue tradition.
Most writers contribute to advancement.
Most writers create paper.
Most writers derive their inspiration from their surroundings.
Most writers develop subjects.
Most writers do want to retain some measure of privacy.
Most writers do.
Most writers draw the line somewhere.
Most writers edit and correct and proofread as they go along.
Most writers emphasize effects.
Most writers encounter such a situation at one time or another.
Most writers encourage readers.
Most writers equate complexity of thought with complexity of sentence structure.
Most writers err on the side of being too general.
Most writers expect to be paid within thirty days.
Most writers experience obstacles.
Most writers express complex ideas.
Most writers express ideas.
Most writers express single complex ideas.
Most writers fail to appreciate the strong influence of culture upon leadership.
Most writers feel alien and freakish to begin with, and a nature writer feels it even more so.
Most writers feel difficulty.
Most writers find that it is nearly impossible to craft an essay by beginning with the introduction.
Most writers find the world and themselves interchangeable.
Most writers first try to fit into the establishment by living up to the generic idea of a storyist.
Most writers flesh out their characters to varying degrees before starting their story.
Most writers focus on principles.
Most writers gain prominence.
Most writers gain their insight and ideas from their experiences in life.
Most writers get assignments within a week of receiving the report.
Most writers get their subjects first, and write to develope it.
Most writers go for the majority of readers and sacrifice that minority that needs more help.
Most writers hate writing synopses, and no wonder.
Most writers have a consistency to their careers.
Most writers have a preferred style and tone, and are unable to change it easily.
Most writers have ability.
Most writers have absolutely no idea where their song is headed when they begin to write.
Most writers have an unrealistic view of the business of writing.
Most writers have at some time indulged in the joy of making up amusing names.
Most writers have backgrounds in software and service-related consulting or journalism.
Most writers have careers.
Most writers have crazy ideas.
Most writers have experience.
Most writers have faces.
Most writers have good reason to seek help.
Most writers have ideas.
Most writers have knowledge.
Most writers have only the vaguest notion of the master story tools.
Most writers have other jobs.
Most writers have reasons for their choices, both the good choices and the bad choices.
Most writers have successful careers.
Most writers have text.
Most writers have to rewrite their conclusions several times before they find something that works.
Most writers have very little choice in what they write about.
Most writers however stick to the primary colours.
Most writers inherit ideas.
Most writers intrinsically shy away from formulas.
Most writers introduce concepts.
Most writers introduce ideas.
Most writers introduce their characters horribly.
Most writers know about the large links.
Most writers know for books.
Most writers know that the market does shift.
Most writers list their own addresses or that of their agents.
Most writers live in areas.
Most writers love research . . .
Most writers love to write and hate to prepare.
Most writers make applications.
Most writers make it too easy to pick out the foreshadowing.
Most Writers Make'.
Most writers manage to rewrite and sell their early material.
Most writers miss their own mistakes.
Most writers never consider co-authoring.
Most writers never get that chance.
Most writers notice during proofreading if they've started two consecutive sentences the same way.
Most writers overwrite, especially in a work's early stages.
Most writers paint for more than fame.
Most writers pen their thought that way nowadays - with either sad bitterness or extreme rawness.
Most writers post news.
Most writers prefer to center their identifying information at the top of the page.
Most writers prefer to have content, character development, plot, etc., looked at as well.
Most writers prepare instruction manuals.
Most writers prepare manuals.
Most writers probably use both sides of their brain more than others.
Most writers provide descriptions.
Most writers realize that reviewers are individuals with subjective opinions.
Most writers receive air.
Most writers revise the rough draft two or more times.
Most writers say foolish, embarrassing, or obvious things from time to time.
Most writers say fourteen.
Most writers say it takes a couple hours to write an essay.
Most writers say they've always known they wanted to write.
Most writers see color.
Most writers see fly color.
Most writers see shades.
Most writers see situations.
Most writers seem content to hide behind that wall.
Most writers specialize in either nonfiction or fiction.
Most writers specialize in one particular kind of writing.
Most writers specialize in subjects.
Most writers spend that much time staring at a blank screen and clearing their throats.
Most writers start as avid readers.
Most writers start by copying a style they like.
Most writers structure their essays one of four ways.
Most writers submit what they think is a final draft but what they really submit is a first draft.
Most writers succeed only as a result of much effort, time, and patience.
Most writers suck bear farts.
Most writers suggest examples.
Most writers suggest tests.
Most writers understand values.
Most writers use a little of both.
Most writers use passage.
Most writers welcome constructive criticsm.
Most writers work alone.
Most writers work for a stipend of only a few hundred dollars per assignment.
Most writers work in offices.
Most writers work with experts.
Most writers work with technology experts.
Most writers write a first draft, a basic story.
Most writers write aspects.
Most writers write because it's an obsession - an addiction.
Most writers write books.
Most writers write chapters.
Most writers write letters.
Most writers write novels.
Most writers write output.
Most writers write stories.
Most writers yearn to be discovered by one of the big New York houses.
Some writers accuse some big European clubs of exploiting young black players.
Some writers acknowledge dependence.
Some writers address professors.
Some writers also hold another full-time job.
Some writers also like to begin with a quote.
Some writers are better than others, and some subjects are more interesting than others.
Some writers are clearly quite uncertain about it, interchanging the two words arbitrarily.
Some writers are fine at imagery, especially the imagery of the naturalistic world.
Some writers are frankly eclectic in their viewpoint.
Some writers are more interesting through their work than in person.
Some writers are more productive in the morning, afternoon, or evening hours.
Some writers are more productive with a deadline looming.
Some writers are reporters and some are mischief makers.
Some writers are simply more valuable and more experienced than others.
Some writers are so confused they seem to think generation x is the children of the boomers.
Some writers are very exact in plotting out their stories and others are less organized.
Some writers are way more technocrats than others are.
Some writers are well known while others are virtually unknown.
Some writers argue that economic integration forced states to reform their tax systems.
Some writers ask for a a list of ferret shelters or a list of a list of ferret breeders.
Some writers associate it to the middle ages.
Some writers assume roles.
Some writers become famous from their efforts at writing.
Some writers become so wound up in their material that they find their own plays inexplicable.
Some writers believe so little in their product's interest, they try to be funny or clever.
Some writers believe they represent a Christian form of Isis, as a mother with child.
Some writers benefit from reality.
Some writers can accurately describe objects which they have never seen.
Some writers can do short stories well.
Some writers can manage one draft and produce good work.
Some writers can only deal with childhood experience, because it's complete.
Some writers can take a nutshell idea from a publisher and go away and do that book very well.
Some writers can weave a beautiful thread, but tell a really bad story at the same time.
Some writers center all the characters' names.
Some writers claim parasites are the cause.
Some writers commit suicide.
Some writers consider dogs.
Some writers consider genus.
Some writers consider new guinea sing dogs.
Some writers consider separate genus.
Some writers contend that so far as possible every- .
Some writers contribute very small sections to a piece of writing that cumulates as a result.
Some writers cover a variety of topics, but most have a specialty.
Some writers create a quiet zone by wrapping themselves in cigarette smoke.
Some writers create diagrams.
Some writers create heros.
Some writers criticize ASPs citing privacy, reliability and security fears.
Some writers demand an epic of themselves and spend years preparing for the attempt.
Some writers deny the possibility of an experience deserving of such description and definition.
Some writers describe appearances.
Some writers describe cases.
Some writers describe characters.
Some writers describe fatal cases that occur almost instantaneously.
Some writers describe it as obligation in quasi contract.
Some writers describe it as the son of porter.
Some writers describe Pictish as a Celtic language with an admixture of some non-Celtic substrate.
Some writers describe the smallest detail of the leaf, the frog, the rock.
Some writers die of causes.
Some writers die of natural causes.
Some writers discover most of their ideas during the act of writing.
Some writers do it.
Some writers do turn out to be nasty, with inflated egos.
Some writers do, in fact, speak for free.
Some writers do.
Some writers draw attention.
Some writers emphasize differences.
Some writers emphasize the disciplinary aspects of the kashrut regulations-and rightfully so.
Some writers emphasize values.
Some writers employ the strains of ancient haiku out of sheer boredom.
Some writers end up being remembered more for their character than their own writings.
Some writers end up turning inward during the subsequent search for identity.
Some writers enjoy business.
Some writers enjoy own business.
Some writers enjoy setting a gritty police story in a bucolic little town.
Some writers envision the use of virtual spaces in which to conduct mediation.
Some writers explain importance.
Some writers explain services.
Some writers express concern.
Some writers fantasize about when their books are turned into the big Hollywood movie.
Some writers feel more comfortable writing toward a target length.
Some writers feel uncomfortable about editors wanting changes.
Some writers file a story and forget about it.
Some writers find frogs.
Some writers find it counter-productive to think about their audience early in the process.
Some writers find it helpful to know what's being published.
Some writers find that writing the article is paramount to having a title first.
Some writers find their milieu and blossom.
Some writers find wives.
Some writers find writing exhilarating and pleasurable.
Some writers focus on homes.
Some writers focus on issues.
Some writers follow classifications.
Some writers get a real intellectual complex at times.
Some writers get irritated with being asked FAQs.
Some writers get up a few hours before work and write then.
Some writers go as far as to say that Maryland was the birthplace of religious toleration.
Some writers go in for outright bodysnatching, putting a whole known person in their story.
Some writers go so far as to invite readers to participate in creating the text.
Some writers hate notes.
Some writers have a b.s. meter.
Some writers have a great experience.
Some writers have a knack for it.
Some writers have a working thesis when they begin a first draft.
Some writers have authority.
Some writers have better advice than others.
Some writers have deinonychuses.
Some writers have difficulty deciding whether who or whom is correct.
Some writers have faith.
Some writers have normal, decent personal habits.
Some writers have styles that vary widely within themselves.
Some writers have the gift of causing readers to fall in love with their characters.
Some writers have the story finished when the interview is over.
Some writers have to be told to write.
Some writers hesitate in sending out their finished work because deep down they fear rejection.
Some writers highly recommend working out the story in outline form prior to writing even one scene.
Some writers hire book doctors or other editing services to critique their work.
Some writers identify plants.
Some writers identify types.
Some writers import animals.
Some writers increase creativity five fold.
Some writers insist on publication as a necessary component of action research.
Some writers interest their readers with a fascinating story related to the topic.
Some writers interpret the birth from the sea itself as being representative of human sexuality.
Some writers invent their plots on the fly.
Some writers just happen to hit publishing at the right moment, and take off.
Some writers keep journals or just scribble ideas in a notebook.
Some writers know where the horror lies, and play by the rules according to gargoyle.
Some writers let their imagination run riot.
Some writers like to begin with their introduction, then follow the outline contained in the intro.
Some writers like to cite an incident from their personal experience.
Some writers like to fix problems by addition rather than subtraction.
Some writers like to have two spaces following the period at the end of the sentence.
Some writers like to pose, though.
Some writers like to stick with just one project.
Some writers like to visualize relationship between ideas with flow charts with lines or arrows.
Some writers like to write a treatment at some point in the screenwriting process.
Some writers love adjectives more than their own wives.
Some writers make the mistake of allowing their emotions to spill into the letter they are writing.
Some writers manage to get startlingly close.
Some writers map it all out in advance.
Some writers move pens.
Some writers never hear from any publisher.
Some writers never struggle with rewriting or over-editing.
Some writers never use dialogue.
Some writers note that the Latin word ventilator meant juggler or thrower of knives.
Some writers observe structures.
Some writers offer books which are non-fiction, but which encompass the fictitious.
Some writers only define their objectives after they begin writing a piece.
Some writers only use words.
Some writers pile a long list of modifiers in front of a noun.
Some writers pile on quotations without showing how they apply to the argument.
Some writers place the number at the end of a paragraph rather than at the end of a sentence.
Some writers place the synopsis before the manuscript, some after.
Some writers place their documents in one directory and their graphics in another.
Some writers plan everything.
Some writers point out importance.
Some writers prefer lower case.
Some writers prefer to allow audiences a lot of freedom, but doing so can be dangerous.
Some writers prefer to call vibration of low frequency concussion.
Some writers prefer to edit their own material.
Some writers prefer to postpone putting their main thesis until the very end of the paper.
Some writers prefer to set off two-line verse quotations also, for emphasis.
Some writers prefer to work in isolation without soliciting opinions from others.
Some writers present the view that such agreements imply only moral obligation.
Some writers put words on paper.
Some writers really feel a sense of euphoria when a writing project is finished.
Some writers really take that to heart and never try to write about anything unfamiliar.
Some writers receive royalties on book projects.
Some writers recognise or discuss no other classes of parasitoidy.
Some writers recommend doing abs at every workout.
Some writers refer to domain objects as business objects, model objects or problem space objects.
Some writers refer to gemination as 'schizodontism'.
Some writers refer to past research in present tense.
Some writers refuse to go for a spin on the publicity machine.
Some writers rejoice that the potential strike has accelerated development at the studios.
Some writers report presence.
Some writers report that galah pie was a popular outback dish.
Some writers require more assistance than others to start, complete, revise, and submit their books.
Some writers say it up front.
Some writers say that the word is overused .
Some writers say the poles are damaging the trail.
Some writers say there is no communication among family members because there is no common language.
Some writers say they just sit down and write.
Some writers say they prefer it that way.
Some writers see specimens.
Some writers see themselves as their own ideal audience.
Some writers seem capable of perpetuating such feelings of enchantment.
Some writers seem convinced that Texas is populated entirely by ignorant, redneck cowpokes.
Some writers seem happy to imagine worlds extremely remote from themselves and their audiences.
Some writers seem to find distant uncles.
Some writers seem to speak directly to one's deepest self.
Some writers seem to struggle cutting their own words.
Some writers simply deny that there is anything to be solved at all.
Some writers simply have an ear for dialogue.
Some writers simply say programmers are lazy.
Some writers speak of 'the rise and fall' of the poster.
Some writers specialize in technology.
Some writers start planning a year in advance for large, complex proposals.
Some writers submit no letter with their work, believing editors receive too much paper anyway.
Some writers submit their work to various publishers simultaneously.
Some writers suggest a connection to the attempts by the CoS to silence anon servers.
Some writers suggest caution when using certain essential oils with pregnant women.
Some writers swear by the internet, where thousands of resources are a click of a mouse button away.
Some writers take a trenchant view of the dominance of English.
Some writers take journeys.
Some writers take passage.
Some writers take the idea a step farther.
Some writers take to drink, others take to audiences.
Some writers tell about the same thing every time.
Some writers think it best to restrict the term to the non-gravid uterus.
Some writers think revision is just a matter of correcting sentence-level rhetoric.
Some writers think that elaborate language lifts ordinary vision into literature.
Some writers think they get inspiration from alcohol.
Some writers think transition phrases can, all by themselves, direct a reader through an argument.
Some writers thrive in that freedom, while others become paralyzed by indecision.
Some writers try to punctuate emotional scenes with histrionic exits.
Some writers understand circumstances.
Some writers understand harsh circumstances.
Some writers use a character chart to really get to know their characters.
Some writers use a special pen.
Some writers use caps or noncaps throughout.
Some writers use hook to also mean the program that gets inserted.
Some writers use index cards, outlines or just let the story take over.
Some writers use other inspirational substances.
Some writers use pneumonia vaccines.
Some writers use so much science, they forget about the fiction.
Some writers use spells.
Some writers use the term 'blue water colonies' instead of 'salt water colonies'.
Some writers use the term buss with a double 's'.
Some writers use the term festivals to refer to the annual Sabbaths.
Some writers use the term 'non-settlement' rather than 'exploitation' colonies.
Some writers use the term to refer to any material before the intonation nucleus.
Some writers use the term vinculum for the horizontal fraction bar.
Some writers use their knowledge in a certain field only to show off.
Some writers use their middle name instead of their first name .
Some writers use vaccines.
Some writers view what they do as simply creating entertainment.
Some writers wait the introduction until they have developed the body and the conclusion.
Some writers work by expanding outlines or sketches so that successive drafts contain more words.
Some writers work every morning.
Some writers work faster than others.
Some writers work for science magazines, major weekly magazines, and big city newspapers.
Some writers work from an oral tradition .
Some writers work in game industries.
Some writers work in industries.
Some writers work in more than one genre.
Some writers work on a single book for years only to find that there is no market for it.
Some writers work with agents who sell their proposals to publishers.
Some writers work with computer hardware engineers.
Some writers work with engineers.
Some writers work with specialists.
Some writers write about odd characters in some fairly normal situations.
Some writers write about rape.
Some writers write about things they lack.
Some writers write eruptions.
Some writers write extensively on their motivation and on the likely motivations of other writers.
Some writers write for as long as it takes in a day until they have produced a page.
Some writers write gods.
Some writers write two songs a day.
Writers block can seem uncontrollable and frustrating.
Writers block is a real condition, a clinical condition, like depression.
Writers block is the least interesting of all performance anxieties.
Writes character ch to the output device.
Writing centers are nothing new to American universities.
Writing centers are unethical because they short-circuit a student's learning process.
Writing centers are unethical because they undermine instructors' goals.
Writing centers exist, in part, to intervene in and support student writing processes.
Some writing centers employ additional support staff such as secretaries.
A writing desk is a case
Most writing desks are too high for keyboards and too low for monitors.
Writing group is established and charged.
Writing process Make an outline .
Writing processes vary from one writer to the next and from one situation to the next.
Writing scores are among the lowest.
Writing scores are final.
Writing scores are the highest in the state of Oregon.
Writing scores fluctuate based upon the type of writing and subject matter of the prompt.
Writing seminars are small classes that emphasize writing and group discussion.
Writing seminars meet only on the week after papers are due.
Writing style is style
Writing styles are like fashion and have indeed changed over the years.
Writing styles are too different, and what they cover is too different.
Writing styles can vary significantly.
Writing styles range from factual academic prose to informal and conversational.
Writing styles vary between chapters and there is some overlap in coverage.
Writing styles vary, the standard of writing is generally decent.
Writing styles vary.
A writing system is a writing
Writing systems are substantially more than script systems.
Writing systems are too arbitrary and complex.
Writing systems differ structure, stylistically, familially, geographically, and so on.
Writing systems have a function in maintaining or changing social structure.
Writing systems have specific requirements for text display, text editing, character set, and fonts.
Writing technique is extremely creative and descriptions are well-presented.
Writing techniques help emphasize writing across the curriculum.
Many writing techniques are very important to the success of a story.
Writing tools are available for checking spelling, visual clarity, and ending punctuation.
Some writing tools are effective aids in helping to maintain the theme or premise of a film.
A writing is a creation
Writing  begins.
Writing  brainstorm.
Writing  drinks.
Writing  eats.
Writing  ends.
Writing  initials.
Writing  munchs.
Writing  parallelism.
Writing  recaps.
Writing  snacks.
Writing  sneezes.
Writing  thinking.
Writing  thinks.
Writing  types.
Writing  waffles.
Writing adds a physical dimension to student involvement.
Writing adds thinking to study in the learning process.
Writing affects the relationship, and the relationship influences the quality of the writing.
Writing allows ideas to be clarified and buffered between the giver and the receiver.
Writing allows learners to practise new structures in an extended context.
Writing allows students to examine their perspectives on key issues.
Writing allows students to integrate math concepts into their everyday experiences.
Writing allows the keeping of records and better transmission of knowledge over generations.
Writing allows the older child to ask direct questions without visibly upsetting the parents.
Writing also assists students in reinforcing information that is presented in class.
Writing also builds some of the relationships in the story.
Writing also can offer evidence of weak of strong reasoning.
Writing also consists of understanding story format .
Writing also contributes to inflect what lack in analysis has already been woven in the cure.
Writing also developes good thinking skills and good comunication skills.
Writing also entails much frustration.
Writing also helps children learn about and experiment with the structure of the English language.
Writing also improves.
Writing also is required for the solutions of a range of textbook problems.
Writing also provides free activities to download and print.
Writing also remains principally a pleasure.
Writing appears like neon.
Writing appears on the side.
Writing are activities.
Writing are human activities.
Writing are located in walls.
Writing are oeuvres.
Writing are skills.
Writing are used for authors.
Writing are used for communicates.
Writing are used for communicating.
Writing are used for communication.
Writing are used for creative expression.
Writing are used for education.
Writing are used for entertainment.
Writing are used for fun.
Writing are used for humor.
Writing are used for information.
Writing are used for pleasure.
Writing are used for relaxation.
Writing becomes a necessity of life.
Writing becomes a way of clarifying and clearing up the mistakes.
Writing becomes an exciting adventure instead of a forced-march through mystifying, humorless rules.
Writing becomes an occurence involving the productive networking of associative complexes.
Writing becomes conversation, fluent and charged with emotion.
Writing becomes dry and tasteless when a writer favors vision over the other senses.
Writing becomes fun.
Writing becomes glib and performances slick.
Writing becomes less a performance to be graded than a means of demonstrably influencing a reader.
Writing becomes more effortless and satisfying.
Writing becomes more refined as prompts are given for narrative and expository writing.
Writing becomes much more difficult when conciseness is required.
Writing becomes routine, like doing the dishes.
Writing becomes the major focus of the English curriculum.
Writing begins at home .
Writing begins at the beginning of the tarfile, instead of at the end.
Writing begins early in the software development process.
Writing begins immediately.
Writing begins there, in that darkness and in the willingness to listen.
Writing begins with a piece of paper and ideas.
Writing begins with a revision of the thesis proposal as the introduction to the thesis.
Writing begins with letter formation.
Writing begins with paragraphs and moves into essay writing.
Writing begins with reading.
Writing begins with scribbling, drawing pictures, and inventing spelling.
Writing begins with the pictures drawn to represent objects and occurrences.
Writing brings a deeper level of learning, order, action and release than just oral communication.
Writing brings written language components to a more conscious level.
Writing builds anticipation of upcoming learning events.
Writing can also be a very powerful modality for people living with illness.
Writing can also be an important tool for learning and for solving problems.
Writing can also be thirsty work.
Writing can and does change things.
Writing can be a book report but often it is a letter to a friend or a story.
Writing can be a frustrating, time-consuming, painful process.
Writing can be a great way to relive agressions.
Writing can be a healthy outlet for expressing strong emotions.
Writing can be a journey or a quick trip, but it is movement.
Writing can be a lonely business.
Writing can be a lonely experience, especially here in Maine in winter.
Writing can be a means to training the mind to think.
Writing can be a more active way of learning content than passive listening or reading.
Writing can be a nebulous thing.
Writing can be a scary enterprise.
Writing can be a solitary pursuit.
Writing can be a truly bloody occupation.
Writing can be a useful tool for learning any content area.
Writing can be a way of trying ideas out.
Writing can be about any topic and in any format.
Writing can be an act of discovery and exploration.
Writing can be an act of discovery, of communication, of joy.
Writing can be an arduous task.
Writing can be an excellent hobby.
Writing can be and is cathartic.
Writing can be anything from scribbles to single letters and some small words.
Writing can be both in Spanish and English.
Writing can be enormously satisfying and highly profitable.
Writing can be fun and easy.
Writing can be fun.
Writing can be good therapy.
Writing can be hard with words like 'saw' and 'was' getting mixed up.
Writing can be hard work.
Writing can be in any format and on any topic.
Writing can be in gold, white or blue.
Writing can be in the form of a weather bulletin.
Writing can be like getting into a heated argument.
Writing can be lonely, arduous, hungry work that requires more than one type of dictionary.
Writing can be meaningful when it is truly being used for communication.
Writing can be painful drudgery.
Writing can be parasitic.
Writing can be rock 'n' roll or a movie can be rock 'n' roll.
Writing can be rock 'n' roll, a movie can be rock 'n' roll.
Writing can be rock 'n' roll, or a movie can be rock 'n' roll.
Writing can be the loneliest part of the journey.
Writing can be the result of classwork or totally independent work.
Writing can be very solitary.
Writing can be with, or without, mixing.
Writing can be, and is often, a great pleasure.
Writing can be, and is often, a struggle.
Writing can become a window into a students' soul, a tool by which a child can be understood.
Writing can consume a person because thoughts of a book are always in a writer's mind.
Writing can consume.
Writing can cover the development of plot, character and conflict.
Writing can crystallize their experiences.
Writing can enhance student learning, no matter what the discipline.
Writing can go badly and does.
Writing can have loopholes.
Writing can hurt.
Writing can include a curriculum area of study or a topic of choice.
Writing can include brochures, ads, newsletters, annual reports, radio or outdoor.
Writing can increase higher order thinking skills through abstract assignments.
Writing can involve some simple sentence construction.
Writing can make very strong impressions.
Writing can occur in the context of any of c-f.
Writing can only go so far whereas oral communication is the window to the soul.
Writing can only make the column better.
Writing can provide more variety in classwork.
Writing can serve to test and strengthen the mind and the imagination.
Writing can shape speech as well as vice versa.
Writing can take many forms.
Writing can thus form a very important element in the course.
Writing cause catharsis.
Writing cause communication.
Writing cause cramp.
Writing cause documentation.
Writing cause revolution.
Writing cause stories.
Writing cause text.
Writing cause thinking.
Writing cause writing.
Writing clears the mind.
Writing comes and goes like seasons.
Writing comes as a difficult task for many students.
Writing comes easy.
Writing comes first, and the active, creative process is always emphasized.
Writing comes from something internal in a writer.
Writing comes from thinking.
Writing constitutes the heart of the course.
Writing contains few grammar, spelling and mechanical errors.
Writing contains information about an Underground Railroad route, but lacks detail.
Writing contains information that is relevant to the topic and the task.
Writing contains major grammar, spelling and mechanical errors.
Writing contains many grammar, spelling and mechanical errors.
Writing contains personal works and newspaper articles.
Writing continues to be a problem.
Writing continues to teach and extend the borders of human knowledge.
Writing crystallizes the client message.
Writing delivers a message without the tonality of sarcasm or anger.
Writing demonstrates a precise and exact understanding of the material.
Writing demonstrates superior understanding and requires minimal corrections.
Writing denies the incredible isolation.
Writing depends on consciously contrived rules.
Writing depends on literacy.
Writing depends on the disciplinary context and situation in which the writing is done.
Writing depends upon reading.
Writing develops better reading skills.
Writing develops courage, by requiring that the student give up anonymity.
Writing develops critical reasoning.
Writing develops slowly with practice.
Writing does give the brain a workout.
Writing does have some payoffs after all.
Writing does help clarify and organize one's thinking.
Writing does take courage but it can also be fun.
Writing done all alone without ever sharing or asking for feedback can get stagnant.
Writing draws the connection between training and the job for the reader.
Writing enables learning.
Writing enables reflection.
Writing enables students to rehearse, question and clarify issues in both informal and formal ways.
Writing encompasses science, mathematics, art, athletics, and politics.
Writing envelops the totality of our use of signs whether they are phonetic or nonphonetic.
Writing excludes oral negotiations or stipulations.
Writing exhibits a very good command of language skills.
Writing explains the meaning for the chosen quilt blocks and is appealing to the reader.
Writing explains the meaning for the chosen quilt blocks.
Writing feels like exploring.
Writing follows accepted conventions, and is easy to read.
Writing follows logical thought process.
Writing follows the reversed order.
Writing gets easier for students as they get better at it.
Writing gets the eye, ear, and hand working together.
Writing gives children opportunities to use their reading competence.
Writing gives children the opportunity to use reading.
Writing gives learners the opportunity to find ways of expressing their ideas in a foreign language.
Writing gives learners the opportunity to try out the language with plenty of thinking time.
Writing goes everywhere.
Writing goes to page edge on several lines.
Writing grows along with other intellectual skills.
Writing happens across all curricular areas throughout the day.
Writing happens in paragraphs.
Writing has a certain level of rejection built in.
Writing has a different set of strengths and is often epitomized as the language of information.
Writing has a few technical errors.
Writing has a long history of questionable intent.
Writing has a rhythm and cadence.
Writing has an aural edge as well as being a cold fact on the page.
Writing has an effect on the writer, as well as the reader.
Writing has benefits, but they tend to be of the intangible sort.
Writing has cadence, sentence structure and length heighten meaning.
Writing has flow and rhythm.
Writing has laws of perspective, of light and shade just as painting does, or music.
Writing has lots of different branches.
Writing has major problems that impede understanding.
Writing has many different forms.
Writing has many spelling or grammar mistakes.
Writing has meaning.
Writing has no evidence of creativity.
Writing has no object but writing itself.
Writing has no purpose save to meet the needs of the reader.
Writing has nothing to do with publishing.
Writing has nothing to do with signifying.
Writing has once again become a favorite avenue of creative expression.
Writing has other purposes as well.
Writing has several flaws, either on the syntactical or content level.
Writing has so much to give, so much to teach, so many surprises.
Writing has some focus, but lacks clarity.
Writing has some spelling or grammar mistakes.
Writing has such a power for expression.
Writing has the charming by-product of providing introductions to other people who enjoy the work.
Writing has to be a pleasure.
Writing has to be an obsession.
Writing has to be approached in stages.
Writing has to be going on over the entire course.
Writing has to be gone at like any other trade.
Writing has to be something they enjoy, as opposed to a chore.
Writing has to grab the reader's attention and hold it.
Writing has virtually no problems with grammar and mechanics.
Writing Have one writer.
Writing helps a child become a better reader, and reading helps a child become a better writer.
Writing helps a lot.
Writing helps children learn the relationships between letters and sounds.
Writing helps clarify analytical thinking.
Writing helps clarify thinking.
Writing helps clarify values, thinking, and feeling.
Writing helps control chronic asthma and arthritis.
Writing helps do that.
Writing helps focus the mind by revealing formulas that are respected and heard.
Writing helps in acquiring and remembering new information.
Writing helps integrate and organize our complicated lives in a variety of ways.
Writing helps language come alive.
Writing helps resolve traumas that stand in the way of important tasks.
Writing helps stimulate reading, reflection on theory and practice, and discussion.
Writing helps students assimilate what they have seen, heard, and read.
Writing helps students better formulate their world view.
Writing helps students learn the communication patterns within a discourse community.
Writing helps students learn the content of a field.
Writing helps students learn the thinking processes of a discipline.
Writing helps students prepare readings and promotes better class discussion.
Writing helps students think critically in a discipline.
Writing helps students.
Writing helps the mind expand to the limits of the imagination.
Writing holds steady.
Writing illustrates the human condition.
Writing implies a reader.
Writing implies sacrifice.
Writing implies that .
Writing improves analytic and verbal communication skills, as well.
Writing improves if writers receive feedback during the process.
Writing improves joint mobility in rheumatoid arthritis.
Writing improves lung function in asthmatics.
Writing improves through practice and feedback.
Writing improves through practice and revision.
Writing improves when the writer internalizes an inventive process of reworking early efforts.
Writing improves when there is an audience other than a teacher and a purpose other than a grade.
Writing improves with practice and comparisons to good writing.
Writing includes a portfolio assessment, with teachers and students jointly selecting material.
Writing includes any form of recorded message capable of comprehension by ordinary visual means.
Writing includes both expository and creative writing.
Writing includes controlled exercises and some free writing.
Writing includes experimental reports, student generated labs, and natural history essays.
Writing includes five herb books, a national herbal newsletter, and numerous magazine articles.
Writing includes frequent exercises in various poetic traditions.
Writing includes frequent exercises in various theatrical traditions.
Writing includes memos, formal letters, and reports.
Writing includes narrative, literary, expository, and technical forms, with emphasis on analysis.
Writing includes original program segments about music, entertainment, and the performing arts.
Writing includes printing and typewriting.
Writing includes spelling, grammar, and the rational flow of thought.
Writing includes the ability to delete.
Writing includes the critical essay.
Writing includes the four forms of discourse with emphasis on style and the finer points of editing.
Writing includes various types of themes, literary analysis, and creative writing assignments.
Writing increases the student's personal knowledge and self- esteem.
Writing indicates a limited understanding of the topic.
Writing Indicates a related writing piece.
Writing indicates a satisfactory understanding of the topic.
Writing indicates an in depth understanding of the concept of cultural change.
Writing indicates an in depth understanding of the concept of what makes up a culture.
Writing individually is much scarier.
Writing introduces the possibility of reflection and improvement in a process.
Writing involves a commitment greater than illness.
Writing involves decision making, problem solving, and sequencing.
Writing involves loose ratification.
Writing involves much more than just being able to think and write.
Writing involves painting word pictures.
Writing involves sharing and responding .
Writing involves the use of a system of signs or symbols to represent the spoken language.
Writing is a big pain, but talking is fun.
Writing is a big part of college and research.
Writing is a big part of what the computers are used for.
Writing is a bit like dancing.
Writing is a bit like playing the lottery.
Writing is a business for self-starters.
Writing is a business like any other.
Writing is a business, in a few ways like any other.
Writing is a business.
Writing is a calling.
Writing is a calming outlet for an uneasy mind.
Writing is a career of paradoxes.
Writing is a career that, except for the very few, offers little reward.
Writing is a catharsis that many victims of injustice resort to.
Writing is a catharsis.
Writing is a central activity of every school day.
Writing is a central element of any economic research project.
Writing is a central feature in Chinese civilisation.
Writing is a central part of any design activity.
Writing is a cerebral-motor function.
Writing is a challenging task.
Writing is a cognitive process that shapes perception and reality.
Writing is a cognitive process.
Writing is a collaborative act.
Writing is a communication skill that has been used too infrequently in mathematics.
Writing is a communication skill.
Writing is a communicative event.
Writing is a complex and slow process.
Writing is a complex process involving a wide range of thinking skills.
Writing is a complex process of composing meaning.
Writing is a complex process that requires effort and patience.
Writing is a complex process.
Writing is a complex set of skills that requires continuous practice.
Writing is a complex skill.
Writing is a complex task requiring the mastery and integration of a number of subskills.
Writing is a complex task that takes years of practice to develop.
Writing is a complex, dynamic process as well as a concrete finished product.
Writing is a complicated activity which takes many forms and involves many processes .
Writing is a complicated process which takes many forms and involves many processes .
Writing is a complicated technique.
Writing is a component of all courses found in the general education program.
Writing is a concrete version of speech.
Writing is a continuing process.
Writing is a co-operative activity.
Writing is a craft and can be practised across media.
Writing is a craft and just like painting or swimming it needs to be exercised every day.
Writing is a craft or a skill that requires practice and dedication to get right.
Writing is a craft that develops over time, with perseverance and dogged determination.
Writing is a craft that is easily learned.
Writing is a craft that is honed and polished to a razor sharp edge.
Writing is a craft that requires both talent and acquired skills.
Writing is a craft that takes a great deal of dedication and practice.
Writing is a craft, and as a craft, writing can be learned and refined.
Writing is a craft, and like any craft it takes time to become proficient.
Writing is a craft, and skills DO improve with practice.
Writing is a craft, and some people are naturally predisposed to, even gifted in, superb writing.
Writing is a craft, just like woodturning.
Writing is a craft, like playing a musical instrument or painting with oils.
Writing is a craft, the same way that carpentry is a craft.
Writing is a craft.
Writing is a creative act and creativity has been studied extensively.
Writing is a creative act in more ways than one.
Writing is a creative exercise.
Writing is a creative process that requires a lot of mental energy and discipline.
Writing is a creative process.
Writing is a creative pursuit.
Writing is a critical ingredient in all learning.
Writing is a critical part of creating a magazine and great writing leads to great magazines.
Writing is a crucial act of understanding and rebellion.
Writing is a crucial job-related skill for college graduates.
Writing is a cumulative process.
Writing is a cycle of frustration and excitement.
Writing is a daily activity to ensure correct formation of letters and numbers.
Writing is a deep subconscious to conscious form of self expression.
Writing is a delightfully cathartic yet schizophrenic act.
Writing is a demanding skill that has significant value.
Writing is a different issue.
Writing is a different kind of fulfillment.
Writing is a different story completely.
Writing is a difficult and time consuming task.
Writing is a difficult process, one that is best done in stages.
Writing is a difficult task for students.
Writing is a difficult task for youngsters.
Writing is a difficult task.
Writing is a direct attack on the survivalist mentality.
Writing is a direct expression of the imagination through language.
Writing is a discipline, and a good one, too.
Writing is a discipline.
Writing is a documentation of one's feelings and thoughts.
Writing is a dog's life, but the only life worth living.
Writing is a fairly static form of transfer.
Writing is a fascinating process, one which seems as much based in sorcery as it is skill.
Writing is a focal point of every state and school district's education standards.
Writing is a form of communication .
Writing is a form of communication and a form of social interaction.
Writing is a form of control.
Writing is a form of immortality.
Writing is a form of imposture.
Writing is a form of rehearsal.
Writing is a form of release, perhaps partly physical.
Writing is a form of therapy.
Writing is a form of thinking and so another way of working with the material is the written exam.
Writing is a form of thinking, a form of memory, and a form of communication.
Writing is a form of thinking.
Writing is a full time pursuit.
Writing is a fun adventure.
Writing is a fun kind of work, and is even more fun when the hard work is acknowledged in some way.
Writing is a fundamental and necessary communications skill for business professionals.
Writing is a generative behavior.
Writing is a gift of self.
Writing is a given.
Writing is a global art and English is just one out of many languages.
Writing is a good activity for today.
Writing is a good tool for organizing and synthesizing information.
Writing is a good tool to use in stressful situations especially during the school year.
Writing is a good way for students to analyze their skills and growth.
Writing is a good way to clarify important points.
Writing is a good way to work out issues.
Writing is a great aid to memory.
Writing is a great job, but in the scheme of things it's pretty trivial.
Writing is a great journey.
Writing is a great tool for that process.
Writing is a habit, like exercise.
Writing is a habit.
Writing is a hard job.
Writing is a high order intellectual activity.
Writing is a highly personal, idiosyncratic endeavor.
Writing is a human invention.
Writing is a job, certainly writing for Hollywood is craft work.
Writing is a journey of discovery.
Writing is a joyful, but painful process of creating order out of chaos.
Writing is a key skill for everyone, especially for scientists.
Writing is a key skill for everyone.
Writing is a kind of double living.
Writing is a kind of self-hypnosis.
Writing is a kind of therapy as well, as anyone who has kept a diary or a journal can testify.
Writing is a language, flag is another.
Writing is a learn by doing process.
Writing is a learned craft.
Writing is a learning activity as well as a communications activity.
Writing is a learning process .
Writing is a liberal medium.
Writing is a life-long practice, to be rehearsed often.
Writing is a lifetime activity.
Writing is a lifetime apprenticeship.
Writing is a life-time apprenticeship.
Writing is a lifetime necessity that accommodates a student in communication skills of all phases.
Writing is a lifetime skill.
Writing is a lonely business.
Writing is a lonely craft, and the business end can be excruciatingly slow.
Writing is a lonely occupation and it's difficult to find a sense of community.
Writing is a lonely vocation.
Writing is a lot like an argument.
Writing is a lot like driving a country blacktop highway on a hot summer day.
Writing is a lot of drudgery, a lot of lonely hours.
Writing is a lot of hard work, but easier than washing dishes for a living.
Writing is a lot of hard work.
Writing is a lot of work.
Writing is a major component of the course.
Writing is a meaningful activity .
Writing is a means by which a person discovers, creates, and communicates knowledge.
Writing is a means of discovery of self and world.
Writing is a means of discovery, always.
Writing is a means of eliminating distractions.
Writing is a means of learning.
Writing is a means of mastering, to practice in mastering the content of the course.
Writing is a means to discovery.
Writing is a meditation, a form of introspection.
Writing is a messy trial and error process.
Writing is a mindset, a psychological view of life.
Writing is a mixed blessing, full of joys and travail.
Writing is a mixture of the art of communication with the art of visual expression.
Writing is a much later historical phenomenon.
Writing is a muscle.
Writing is a mysterious process and all pronouncements about it are suspect.
Writing is a natural ability that reading and school can enhance.
Writing is a new literary website which is looking for ground-breaking prose from urban writers.
Writing is a nice method to simulate a teaching experience for the student.
Writing is a notation based on a language and therefore well defined.
Writing is a one-dimensional process.
Writing is a one-item test.
Writing is a pain.
Writing is a painful process at times.
Writing is a parallel vocation.
Writing is a part of the learning process in all subjects at all grade levels.
Writing is a passion that, barring an exceptional few, has little monetary reward.
Writing is a performance.
Writing is a performing art.
Writing is a personal experience.
Writing is a physical act.
Writing is a popular pursuit among many of our retirees.
Writing is a powerful instrument of thought.
Writing is a powerful tool for changing and improving our world.
Writing is a powerful tool.
Writing is a practiced art.
Writing is a pretty good business to be in.
Writing is a primal act.
Writing is a primary concern.
Writing is a priority in English class.
Writing is a private act.
Writing is a process , from gathering ideas through to checking what has been written.
Writing is a process .
Writing is a process and has different stages.
Writing is a process and thus, like the pink bunny, goes on and on.
Writing is a process as well as a product.
Writing is a process as well as an art form.
Writing is a process of continually linking ideas together.
Writing is a process of continuing revision and discovery.
Writing is a process of discovery.
Writing is a process of study, examination, experimentation.
Writing is a process of thinking.
Writing is a process of trial and error.
Writing is a process that involves prewriting, writing, revising, and writing again.
Writing is a process whereby writers move recursively through a series of stages as they compose.
Writing is a process whose finished product is a sentence, a paragraph, an essay, etc.
Writing is a process, a logical sequence of steps.
Writing is a process, a thinking process.
Writing is a process, and memorable writing comes more from rewriting than from the first draft.
Writing is a process, and to write a great story requires a great deal of creativity.
Writing is a process, though.
Writing is a process.
Writing is a profession like a doctor, nurse or lawyer.
Writing is a profession, like rocket science.
Writing is a profession, so act professionally.
Writing is a profession.
Writing is a proved way of lowering oneself in one's own estimation.
Writing is a rather alone career.
Writing is a really good way to process and internalize a lot of ideas.
Writing is a recent enthusiasm.
Writing is a recursive and collaborative process.
Writing is a recursive process.
Writing is a reflection of a child's thoughts, or frozen thoughts .
Writing is a regular activity.
Writing is a release.
Writing is a relief.
Writing is a resolution.
Writing is a restless process.
Writing is a rhetorical act that asks students to write for varied purposes and audiences.
Writing is a risk and a trust.
Writing is a satisfying and influential career field.
Writing is a scary, exciting roller-coaster.
Writing is a school-wide priority in all subjects and grades.
Writing is a secondary form of communication.
Writing is a secondary manifestation and ultimately speech-based.
Writing is a self-taught skill, and the only way to get better is to do it.
Writing is a sensitive process.
Writing is a series of choices.
Writing is a set of skills that people can learn, practice, and constantly build upon.
Writing is a shared process.
Writing is a significant mode of doing ethics.
Writing is a significant part of the course, and a several writing activities are required.
Writing is a similar recursive process.
Writing is a skill and habit that can be learned by anyone determined to see their words in print.
Writing is a skill and, like other skills, has to be learnt.
Writing is a skill fundamental to all intellectual endeavors.
Writing is a skill learned by practice, like playing the piano or painting with watercolors.
Writing is a skill like any other.
Writing is a skill one can refine and bring to a higher level.
Writing is a skill only .
Writing is a skill that can be learned and improved.
Writing is a skill that can best be developed through practice.
Writing is a skill that everyone needs to work at, to continually develop, improve, and refine.
Writing is a skill that has to be practiced.
Writing is a skill that nearly everyone can learn.
Writing is a skill that profits every college graduate.
Writing is a skill that requires practice.
Writing is a skill to be developed and it takes practice.
Writing is a skill to be mastered.
Writing is a skill used to express thoughts and communicate.
Writing is a skill which is learned and which is improved with continual work and effort.
Writing is a skill, a craft, and as such, is learned.
Writing is a skill, a job which has to be learnt, sometimes the hard way.
Writing is a skill, and, like all skills, takes practice to achieve.
Writing is a skill, like fixing a motor, landing a plane, or determining depreciated interest.
Writing is a skill, too.
Writing is a skill.
Writing is a skilled craft.
Writing is a slow and incremental process.
Writing is a slow process, made richer by the passage of time.
Writing is a slower, usually more careful practice than speaking.
Writing is a social act.
Writing is a social activity.
Writing is a social practice through which humans act and make meaning.
Writing is a social process that involves readers.
Writing is a social process.
Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia.
Writing is a solipsistic operation.
Writing is a solitary activity that requires a controlled environment of concentration.
Writing is a solitary activity, made more worthwhile through the appreciation of an audience.
Writing is a solitary activity, shared by many.
Writing is a solitary activity.
Writing is a solitary business and it's a solitary experience for the reader.
Writing is a solitary business, and so is reading.
Writing is a solitary business.
Writing is a solitary job.
Writing is a solitary journey, as well as a difficult one.
Writing is a solitary pastime, especially as freelancers who work out of their homes.
Writing is a solitary pursuit.
Writing is a solitary, and often lonely, pursuit.
Writing is a solo enterprise.
Writing is a somewhat schizophrenic process.
Writing is a special case of language.
Writing is a state of mind, and a passion of the heart.
Writing is a strong component.
Writing is a strong focus.
Writing is a struggle between presence and absence.
Writing is a struggle.
Writing is a system of transcription for speech.
Writing is a talent, like playing the guitar or mastering chess.
Writing is a tangible representation of spoken language.
Writing is a technology for collective memory , for preserving and passing on human experience.
Writing is a technology inseparable from the materials and techniques of writing.
Writing is a technology that helps executives and professionals be prepared.
Writing is a technology that restructures thought.
Writing is a terrific way to learn.
Writing is a thinking tool.
Writing is a time-consuming craft.
Writing is a time-consuming process, and being organized can often take the pain out of it.
Writing is a timely process that takes lots of energy.
Writing is a tool for learning.
Writing is a tool.
Writing is a transferable skill that can be applied to almost any job in any company.
Writing is a true equal opportunity.
Writing is a unique activity that produces student learning.
Writing is a uniquely individual act.
Writing is a uniquely valuable mode of learning.
Writing is a user interface, and hypertext makes writing an interactive interface.
Writing is a valuable way of reflecting on and solidifying what one knows.
Writing is a vehicle for exploring the what and the why of life and making sense of it.
Writing is a very deep habit as well as a very deep joy.
Writing is a very difficult task for many students for many reasons.
Writing is a very emotional business.
Writing is a very important part of communication and leadership in recreation.
Writing is a very important part of our curriculum.
Writing is a very important skill to learn for everyday activities and life.
Writing is a very intricate subject, the instruction of writing is even more complex.
Writing is a very lonely profession.
Writing is a very personal craft.
Writing is a very productive way to think .
Writing is a very solitary activity.
Writing is a very solitary occupation.
Writing is a very stimulating, humbling, and learning experience.
Writing is a visceral activity, as are all the arts.
Writing is a vital function, unlike a career.
Writing is a vital part of the language arts program.
Writing is a vital part of the study of religion and philosophy.
Writing is a vocation and a responsibility.
Writing is a voyage of discovery and so is science.
Writing is a wandering, dreaming occupation.
Writing is a way of becoming a whole person.
Writing is a way of communicating a message to a reader for a purpose.
Writing is a way of doing that.
Writing is a way of knowing, a way of learning.
Writing is a way of knowing, of thinking, of making meaning.
Writing is a way of knowing.
Writing is a way of life.
Writing is a way of making meaning, but it also is a form of social action.
Writing is a way of processing our lives.
Writing is a way of putting our feelings on paper.
Writing is a way of recording and recalling spoken language's sounds and meanings.
Writing is a way of testing values, principles and beliefs.
Writing is a way of thinking.
Writing is a way to go about thinking.
Writing is a way to learn and can be used to teach every content area.
Writing is a way to think, to explore.
Writing is a whole different story.
Writing is a wonderful way to learn how sounds and letters combine to form words.
Writing is a wonderful, difficult, and rewarding experience.
Writing is a worldwide distributed conference for writers.
Writing is a worthwhile endeavor for anyone who feels the impulse to put their thoughts on paper.
Writing is about as much fun as a hemorrhoidectomy.
Writing is about communication.
Writing is about finding the least number of words to get the biggest feeling across.
Writing is about peeling layers.
Writing is about rewriting.
Writing is about re-writing.
Writing is about self-realization.
Writing is about sitting down and putting words on paper.
Writing is about trying new things and going back to the old ways sometimes.
Writing is above average, containing only occasional mechanical errors.
Writing is acceptable.
Writing is across the fibers.
Writing is action of a very personal nature.
Writing is active thinking.
Writing is active, precise and stylistically exact.
Writing is actually less like making a cake with a mix than it is like cooking a perfect meal.
Writing is addictive.
Writing is adequate for task, purpose and audience.
Writing is all a matter of discipline.
Writing is all about discipline.
Writing is all about exits and entrances.
Writing is all self-motivated.
Writing is almost always contextualized and based on a unit topic.
Writing is along the fibers.
Writing is also a big part of third grade.
Writing is also a daily activity in our classroom.
Writing is also a good way to clarify.
Writing is also a good way to learn material.
Writing is also a hobby.
Writing is also a means for learning.
Writing is also a necessary skill for success in the class.
Writing is also a never-ending business.
Writing is also a part of many other courses in the curriculum.
Writing is also a strong element of the major, as writing is the basis of good public relations.
Writing is also a way to discover growth in our lives.
Writing is also an act of defiance of the Second Law of Thermodynamics.
Writing is also an emphasis across the curriculum.
Writing is also an enactment of self-discovery.
Writing is also an integral part of math.
Writing is also hard.
Writing is also important when it comes to reading.
Writing is also persuasion.
Writing is also sometimes powerful in implicit ways.
Writing is also technology.
Writing is also the evasion of action.
Writing is also very important in the business sector.
Writing is always a struggle for people.
Writing is always enmeshed in the cultures it serves.
Writing is always hard.
Writing is always in translation.
Writing is always inconvenient to somebody.
Writing is always partly the work of memory, a sometimes ruthlesswork.
Writing is always very personal.
Writing is always, always, in deferred time - always delayed.
Writing is among the most important ways that mathematics is communicated.
Writing is an ability that grows and changes over the course of a lifetime.
Writing is an act for making meaning and advancing thinking.
Writing is an act of bravery.
Writing is an act of communication from writer to reader.
Writing is an act of communication.
Writing is an act of courage.
Writing is an act of creativity, which means that it is an act of love.
Writing is an act of discovery .
Writing is an act of discovery, a means for personal growth, and a tool for clarifying knowledge.
Writing is an act of discovery, a means of personal growth, and a tool for clarifying knowledge.
Writing is an act of expressed moral responsibility.
Writing is an act of faith.
Writing is an act of self discovery.
Writing is an active process of discovery and reinforcement.
Writing is an active process.
Writing is an active thing.
Writing is an affirmation of the future and of continuing possibilities.
Writing is an amazingly complex activity.
Writing is an area of the curriculum which greatly benefits from a close home-school connection.
Writing is an art and to do it well requires practice.
Writing is an art form.
Writing is an art that develops over time.
Writing is an art that requires practice.
Writing is an art, a craft, a profession.
Writing is an art, and art implies communication.
Writing is an art, and art without admierers is like a fish without water.
Writing is an art, and that's both a curse and a blessing.
Writing is an art, as well as a skill.
Writing is an art, but also a business.
Writing is an art, but publishing is very much a business.
Writing is an art.
Writing is an attainable skill, but like the actor craft, it takes practice to perfect.
Writing is an attempt to communicate.
Writing is an attempt to tell the truth-I'm only beginning to realize what a difficult task that is.
Writing is an audacious and insolent act.
Writing is an escape from something.
Writing is an essential component of social work practice.
Writing is an essential component of the course.
Writing is an essential job skill.
Writing is an essential part of communication.
Writing is an essential part of everyday life.
Writing is an essential part of the curriculum.
Writing is an essential skill and an integral part of mathematics.
Writing is an essential skill for college students.
Writing is an essential skill in public relations.
Writing is an essential skill in science and many other professions.
Writing is an essential tool for learning a discipline.
Writing is an essential way to capture beauty.
Writing is an even harder job.
Writing is an example of a task that is best carried out by a single individual.
Writing is an excellent learning technique.
Writing is an exciting occupation.
Writing is an excruciatingly private act.
Writing is an exercise in freeing the mind.
Writing is an existentialist vocation.
Writing is an experience. . .
Writing is an experience.
Writing is an exploration.
Writing is an extension of reading.
Writing is an extension of that work.
Writing is an honest process of discovery.
Writing is an important and valuable tool for self-discovery.
Writing is an important componant of balanced literacy.
Writing is an important component in most professions.
Writing is an important component in the use of interactive texts.
Writing is an important component of all our adult education programs.
Writing is an important component of the course.
Writing is an important element of philosophy.
Writing is an important focus in fourth grade.
Writing is an important form of communication.
Writing is an important mode of exploration.
Writing is an important part of any literacy program.
Writing is an important part of integrating reading and science.
Writing is an important part of our children's day.
Writing is an important part of our school-wide curriculum program.
Writing is an important part of professional life.
Writing is an important part of the course of study.
Writing is an important part of the course.
Writing is an important skill for social work practitioners.
Writing is an important skill in life.
Writing is an important skill, critical to academic success.
Writing is an incredibly arrogant act.
Writing is an incredibly flexible activity for any subject at any grade level.
Writing is an incredibly frustrating thing.
Writing is an instant index on how well one grasps an idea.
Writing is an integral and visible part of the critical thinking process.
Writing is an integral component of the course.
Writing is an integral component.
Writing is an integral part of every class, and writing across the disciplines is emphasized.
Writing is an integral part of learning.
Writing is an integral part of our language arts program.
Writing is an integral part of our lives and ministries.
Writing is an integral part of our thinking and reflection.
Writing is an integral part of scientific work.
Writing is an integral part of the course.
Writing is an integral part of the learners' response to the reading.
Writing is an integral part of the social work curriculum.
Writing is an integral part of the study of history.
Writing is an intellectual activity which stimulates the higher order functions of the human brain.
Writing is an interactive process and there is no one best starting point for all stories.
Writing is an interactive, recursive process used to convey thoughts, feelings, and ideas.
Writing is an interesting way of saving the thoughts of a person.
Writing is an intriguing pastime.
Writing is an invention, created by people who have agreed to common standards.
Writing is an isolated lifestyle.
Writing is an obsession.
Writing is an obsessive activity.
Writing is an ongoing process, a natural one and so naturally, it's flexible.
Writing is an ongoing process, one that many adults are afraid of.
Writing is an ongoing project created by faculty from several universities and colleges.
Writing is an open-ended design task.
Writing is an opportunity for everyone.
Writing is an outlet and humbleness is sincerity.
Writing is an solitary art, driven by an urge to create and ultimately to communicate.
Writing is an unconscious thing.
Writing is an unusual thing.
Writing is another important component of the discourse.
Writing is another important skill that can be developed during school holidays.
Writing is another place to do that.
Writing is approached from a stylistic, as well as grammatical, perspective.
Writing is art and art has no set fast rules.
Writing is art and craft, and as with either, improves with practice.
Writing is artificial, detached, and encourages lying, social fragmentation, and alienation.
Writing is as much a process of self-discovery as it is anything else.
Writing is as much acting as writing.
Writing is as much an act of criticism as it is of writing.
Writing is as much an ear as it is anything else.
Writing is as natural as breathing.
Writing is assessed most likely in essay examinations and a term paper.
Writing is assessed through teacher observation and rubrics.
Writing is at least a quarter of the course work.
Writing is average or below, and mechanical errors are numerous.
Writing is awesome.
Writing is awful but special effects and stunts are great.
Writing is based on research done and presented at conferences.
Writing is believed to be very important in learning, perhaps the most important thing.
Writing is best but calling, emailing, faxing are also great.
Writing is blissfully solitary and way less pressured.
Writing is both a calling and a craft.
Writing is both a creative endeavor and a critical thinking activity.
Writing is both a joy and a curse.
Writing is both a personal and social activity.
Writing is both a powerful learning tool and an important professional skill for chemists.
Writing is both an art and a science.
Writing is both conservative and revolutionary, which is to say that much of it is needed.
Writing is both fun and exhausting.
Writing is both struggle and joy.
Writing is both the boat and the wind in the sails.
Writing is by nature a solitary thing to do.
Writing is called a process , because it goes through such a series of changes.
Writing is central to all of the media industries.
Writing is central to learning.
Writing is central to performance-based assessment.
Writing is central to scholarly endeavors and to the college experience.
Writing is central to the craft of lawyering and a key element in one's success as a student of law.
Writing is central.
Writing is cheap entertainment.
Writing is cheap psychotherapy.
Writing is cheap.
Writing is choppy, with many awkward passages.
Writing is clean and sophisticated with flashes of originality.
Writing is clear and concise.
Writing is clear and easy to follow and most factual details are correct.
Writing is clear and easy to follow.
Writing is clear and effective.
Writing is clear and focused and shows a definite direction.
Writing is clear and focused.
Writing is clear and free of mechanical and spelling errors.
Writing is clear and free of mechanical errors.
Writing is clear and interesting.
Writing is clear and shows logical organization.
Writing is clear and to the point.
Writing is clear and writer seeks clarity.
Writing is clear with excellent grammar, spelling, and format.
Writing is clear with few technical errors.
Writing is clear with good grammar, spelling and format.
Writing is clear, but unnecessary words are used.
Writing is clear, concise, and easily understood.
Writing is clear, concise, and easy to follow No grammar or spelling errors.
Writing is clear, concise, and fluent.
Writing is clear, easy to understand, yet hits the complexities of rice-growing in Africa.
Writing is clear, insightful, well documented, and interesting.
Writing is clear, interesting and coherent.
Writing is clear.
Writing is clearly a recent cultural development.
Writing is clearly the top skill in the program.
Writing is cohesive and clearly expressed.
Writing is collaborative .
Writing is collaborative.
Writing is comfortable, but many passengers are busy at their laptops.
Writing is communication with an audience.
Writing is communication, so clarity counts.
Writing is communication.
Writing is complicated.
Writing is comprehensible to native speakers unaccustomed to dealing with foreigners.
Writing is connection.
Writing is consciousness-raising.
Writing is considered by many psychologists to be the key to the psyche.
Writing is considered part of the critical process of understanding texts and their environment.
Writing is considered to be a process in which multiple drafts are encouraged.
Writing is consistently interesting with few grammatical flubs.
Writing is consistently strong, clear, and concise.
Writing is continued in assignments related to film viewing, class discussions, and lectures.
Writing is continued in assignments related to readings, class discussions and lectures.
Writing is continued in assignments related to readings, class discussions, and lectures.
Writing is convoluted.
Writing is cool.
Writing is craft and art, both a methodology and a way of knowing.
Writing is created for a reader.
Writing is creative but publishing is a business.
Writing is creative, proofreading analytical.
Writing is creative.
Writing is crisp and involving.
Writing is crisp and layouts attractive with key points boxed.
Writing is crisp, clear, and succinct.
Writing is crisp, clear, easy to read and succinct.
Writing is crucial to the academic world.
Writing is cumulative.
Writing is damned hard work.
Writing is dangerous.
Writing is definitely therapeutic.
Writing is derived from the act of using marks to represent sounds.
Writing is descriptive and entertaining.
Writing is design, an organization of elements focused on a unity of purpose.
Writing is developed from simple sentences to exploring styles of writing.
Writing is developed through journal writing and essays.
Writing is different from signing.
Writing is different in different disciplines and contexts.
Writing is different than thinking or talking.
Writing is different.
Writing is difficult , and writing well is even harder.
Writing is difficult for most people.
Writing is difficult to read.
Writing is difficult understand.
Writing is difficult, almost always.
Writing is difficult, but the best way to start is to start.
Writing is difficult.
Writing is disabled by 'write' option The 'write' option is off.
Writing is discipline, emotion, depth, and art.
Writing is discovery and discovery is transformation.
Writing is discovery.
Writing is disliked and avoided because it is frustrating.
Writing is disorganized and confusing and needs better focus and details.
Writing is disorganized and hard to follow.
Writing is displayed on a projection screen or laptop computer monitor.
Writing is done best when it is done instinctively and of one's own accord.
Writing is done by assignment.
Writing is done by first writing on one disk and then writing on the other.
Writing is done for a variety of purposes utilizing various strategies.
Writing is done on a regular basis, focusing primarily on the literature being read in class.
Writing is done on one half and pins appear on the other half oriented for reading.
Writing is done whole class.
Writing is done with erasable markers.
Writing is easier, and a whole lot more fun, than most people think.
Writing is easy and fun.
Writing is easy for some people, hard for others.
Writing is easy to understand.
Writing is easy, but figuring it out is very hard.
Writing is easy.
Writing is either good or bad.
Writing is elegant and easy for real writers.
Writing is elemental.
Writing is emphasized across the curriculum at Roosevelt.
Writing is emphasized across the curriculum.
Writing is emphasized across the disciplines.
Writing is emphasized as a tool for integrating academic and experiential work.
Writing is emphasized in all courses.
Writing is emphasized in all curriculum areas.
Writing is emphasized in graduate school much more than verbal participation.
Writing is emphasized in the second and third quarters.
Writing is emphasized through critiques and papers.
Writing is emphasized throughout the grades.
Writing is emphasized, and word processing is used to help students gain communication skills.
Writing is emphasized.
Writing is encouraged across the curriculum.
Writing is entertaining.
Writing is entertainment.
Writing is especially helpful.
Writing is especially reward- ing when the child gets a response.
Writing is essential for success in college and in life.
Writing is essential to our well-being.
Writing is essential to the course of study in general.
Writing is evaluated and selections are featured and published in each issue.
Writing is everything.
Writing is exact, active and precise.
Writing is exceptionally good.
Writing is exciting and baseball is like writing.
Writing is expressive, clear, concise and to the point.
Writing is expressive.
Writing is extremely hard work.
Writing is extremely unclear, unoriginal, or boring.
Writing is fairly clear, concise, and sometimes fluent.
Writing is fairly self-indulgent.
Writing is far more complex.
Writing is feature style, audience is primarily medical photonic industry and researchers.
Writing is fifty years behind painting.
Writing is fine.
Writing is finicky.
Writing is first for love, then commercial success.
Writing is floral arrangement with words.
Writing is fluent and lively.
Writing is fluent.
Writing is fluid.
Writing is focused, original, and clear.
Writing is focussed on sentences and compositions based on personal experience.
Writing is for keeping records, but talk generates ideas. . . .
Writing is for readers.
Writing is for reading.
Writing is for sending.
Writing is founded in oral work and also in reading, summarizing and note-taking.
Writing is free from all errors attributed to careless proofing.
Writing is free or almost free of mechanical errors.
Writing is from the right to the left.
Writing is fun again.
Writing is fun, but it can also be hard, demanding work.
Writing is fun, but it's a different animal than game programming.
Writing is fun, but merchandising pays for the yacht.
Writing is fun.
Writing is fundamental.
Writing is generally clear, but unnecessary words are occasionally used.
Writing is generally clear, but unnecessary words are used.
Writing is generally conventional and of a high quality.
Writing is generally focused and organized.
Writing is generally good.
Writing is generally more formal and impersonal than speech.
Writing is generally poor.
Writing is generative .
Writing is glamorous.
Writing is good escape, much like reading a good book.
Writing is good.
Writing is grammatically correct and free of spelling, mechanical, and typographical errors.
Writing is great for keeping records and putting down details, but talk generates ideas.
Writing is great fun.
Writing is great, because without it the other efforts make little sense.
Writing is great.
Writing is green on a black background.
Writing is guided in stages from proposal through finished product.
Writing is hampered by inability to spell.
Writing is hard and messy for nearly everyone.
Writing is hard at the best of times.
Writing is hard enough as it is without the critics in the trees.
Writing is hard work and giving it over to public attention requires a level of courage.
Writing is hard work and hard fun.
Writing is hard work and it requires daily discipline as well as creativity.
Writing is hard work and takes time and effort.
Writing is hard work but rewarding.
Writing is hard work though.
Writing is hard work, and . . .
Writing is hard work, as is editing.
Writing is hard work, because a good writer is always trying to verbalize emotions and feelings.
Writing is hard work, but it is a skill that can be learned.
Writing is hard work, but it is also a rewarding, stimulating, and worthwhile endeavor.
Writing is hard work, but it is also satisfying in a way that only art can be.
Writing is hard work, but it is enjoyable and rewarding work.
Writing is hard work, but it's the greatest fun in the world.
Writing is hard work, but the work can be enlightening and inspiring.
Writing is hard work, make no mistakes about it, but the rewards are plenty.
Writing is hard work.
Writing is hard, and good writing is especially difficult.
Writing is hard, and writing in a non-native language only adds to the difficulty.
Writing is hard, but here there is nothing but opportunity.
Writing is hard, but the Web can make it a little easier.
Writing is hard, harder than digging a ditch, and it requires patience.
Writing is hard.
Writing is harder still.
Writing is harder than people think.
Writing is harder to evaluate.
Writing is harder.
Writing is hardwork.
Writing is hell, editing is hell, rejections are hell and sometimes even success is hell.
Writing is hell.
Writing is illegible on form.
Writing is illegible.
Writing is impaired and it shows the same characteristics as the expressive speech.
Writing is important and useful work.
Writing is important in many jobs.
Writing is important in standards-based classrooms.
Writing is important so that they can communicate in more than just orally and visually.
Writing is important to learn for many reasons.
Writing is important too, but many more opportunities to use verbal skills.
Writing is important up to a point as an adult.
Writing is important, and many adults attain a stylized pattern of writing that has blends of both.
Writing is important, but historians can reveal their understanding in many ways.
Writing is important.
Writing is in a state of crisis.
Writing is in an apple related shape.
Writing is in fact refreshing.
Writing is in itself the act of being attentive to experience.
Writing is in no danger at all.
Writing is in seams.
Writing is in sentences and it describes the jewelry.
Writing is in sentences.
Writing is in the third person unless permission has been given to do otherwise.
Writing is inadequate for college level work.
Writing is included in all of the core subjects.
Writing is incorporated as an integral part of childrens mathematics learning.
Writing is incorporated at all grade levels.
Writing is incorporated in all areas of the curriculum .
Writing is incorportated throughout the curriculum.
Writing is indispensable for success.
Writing is indispensable to success in today's world.
Writing is initiated by publishing houses.
Writing is integral to the health of their soul.
Writing is integral to the routine activities of the course.
Writing is integrated across the curriculum.
Writing is integrated throughout all four learning standards.
Writing is interdisciplinary.
Writing is interpretive in nature.
Writing is invariably an act of courage.
Writing is just an important form of communication.
Writing is just an outlet.
Writing is just hard.
Writing is just like any other craft.
Writing is just part of being an entertainer.
Writing is just repetitive stress.
Writing is just so grueling and so time-consuming.
Writing is just the same.
Writing is kind of like art-fag football.
Writing is kind of like that.
Writing is kind of the same thing.
Writing is kinda easy cause it's just improvising.
Writing is known to create more impact than telephoning.
Writing is largely a matter of persistence.
Writing is learned by writing.
Writing is learned in various contexts.
Writing is learned through exercises in dictation, copying, and free composition based on models.
Writing is legible, written in ink, with proper heading and title.
Writing is legible.
Writing is less legible.
Writing is less than clear with fair grammar, spelling and format.
Writing is less than even.
Writing is life.
Writing is lifeless and mechanical.
Writing is like . . .
Writing is like a box of chocolates .
Writing is like a conscious trance now.
Writing is like a discovery process.
Writing is like a ship, a craft which needs steering.
Writing is like all other skills - it takes discipline and practice to improve.
Writing is like being a professional musician.
Writing is like breathing.
Writing is like climbing a mountain.
Writing is like complaining.
Writing is like driving a car at night.
Writing is like driving at night in the fog.
Writing is like driving at night.
Writing is like exercise.
Writing is like flying.
Writing is like getting married.
Writing is like having a lot of children.
Writing is like making bread.
Writing is like making pottery.
Writing is like painting with words.
Writing is like playing a musical instrument.
Writing is like playing blind man's bluff, actually.
Writing is like priming a pump.
Writing is like rock climbing.
Writing is like running a marathon.
Writing is like sinking a well.
Writing is like sky diving.
Writing is like snow skiing.
Writing is like that.
Writing is like walking in a deserted street.
Writing is like wanting to have sex.
Writing is linked to the reading.
Writing is lonely and tiring.
Writing is lonely work.
Writing is lonely, isolating work.
Writing is lonely.
Writing is made easier by reading widely to get the feel of how language is put together.
Writing is made to be read.
Writing is magic and always holds the opportunity for joy.
Writing is major goal.
Writing is many different things to different people.
Writing is marred by major mechanical problems.
Writing is meant to be read by people who care about what the writer has to say.
Writing is meant to be read.
Writing is mediocre to poor.
Writing is modeled for students and daily writing allows opportunity for practicing new skills.
Writing is modeled for the students and students write rough drafts and final drafts.
Writing is more aligned with the wheat farmers of Iowa.
Writing is more conservative language form.
Writing is more difficult to do.
Writing is more effectively re-writing.
Writing is more fun and fulfilling than the business of writing.
Writing is more human than painting.
Writing is more like a craft.
Writing is more like a plunge into darkness.
Writing is more of a passion.
Writing is more outward, a reflection of all that is outside too, music, light, and landscape.
Writing is more than establishing a reader in a setting.
Writing is more than putting thoughts onto paper.
Writing is more than self-expression.
Writing is most appealing.
Writing is most beneficial when students have a reason to communicate to a genuine audience.
Writing is most readable when it deals with one simple idea rather than multiple complex ideas.
Writing is most successful with multiple drafts.
Writing is mostly neat and readable.
Writing is mostly re- writing.
Writing is much better, acting seems more true, etc etc.
Writing is much clearer if the actual noun is used in place of pronouns.
Writing is much clearer when nouns are used.
Writing is much easier to do than to talk about.
Writing is much faster as only updates are appended to a log.
Writing is much harder than birthing and raising children.
Writing is much like designing a fine landscape, or detailed painting that simply motivates action.
Writing is much more difficult, and typically requires revision.
Writing is much more formal.
Writing is much more than just putting words on a page.
Writing is much more than words on a page.
Writing is much the same way.
Writing is much the same.
Writing is multivalent because writers are multiply located.
Writing is neat and easy to read.
Writing is neat and legible.
Writing is neat and readable.
Writing is necessarily a mixture of emotion and intellect.
Writing is necessary for the sequence documentation.
Writing is never a one-shot process.
Writing is never a waste of time.
Writing is never easy, but writing together gets easier.
Writing is never easy.
Writing is never the whole job.
Writing is no casual undertaking.
Writing is no different than everyday life.
Writing is no different.
Writing is no exception to the rule.
Writing is no less of a creative undertaking in research based principally on quantitative data.
Writing is no longer a private act for teacher's grading.
Writing is no longer about letters that form words being printed on a paper page.
Writing is normal classroom activity.
Writing is normal.
Writing is nothing but a guided dream.
Writing is nothing more than a guided dream.
Writing is nothing more than a technology.
Writing is nothing new to Gaines.
Writing is now easier for everyone, the good writer and the bad.
Writing is now easier than ever.
Writing is often a process of discovery.
Writing is often a real chore.
Writing is often one of the best therapies for the soul.
Writing is often the hardest language skill for Chinese students studying English to learn.
Writing is on a high level.
Writing is on one side of each page only, the back left blank.
Writing is one hell of a hard way to make a living.
Writing is one kind of interaction, one kind of meeting between parties.
Writing is one means of communicating.
Writing is one of 'em.
Writing is one of life's great pleasures.
Writing is one of our indispensable means of communication.
Writing is one of the areas in which persons with learning disabilities often have difficulty.
Writing is one of the best tools for transformation.
Writing is one of the best ways to utilize the in-depth approach to social studies.
Writing is one of the biggest factors.
Writing is one of the critical tools of communication by which the life of the mind is enriched.
Writing is one of the dominant modes of academic learning.
Writing is one of the essentials and characteristics of civilization.
Writing is one of the fundamental skills of education.
Writing is one of the fundamental skills of history.
Writing is one of the greatest inventions of the human species .
Writing is one of the greatest inventions of the human species.
Writing is one of the higher forms of human endeavors.
Writing is one of the Internet's fastest growing fields.
Writing is one of the leading stress reducers known to humanity.
Writing is one of the means by which particular subjective networks of associations can be mapped.
Writing is one of the more reclusive avocations.
Writing is one of the most easy, pain-free, and happy ways to pass the time in all the arts.
Writing is one of the most effective means of educating oneself.
Writing is one of the most effective ways to develop thinking.
Writing is one of the most important academic abilities.
Writing is one of the most important basic skills a professional can possess.
Writing is one of the most important skills a person needs to succeed in life.
Writing is one of the most important skills for college success.
Writing is one of the most important skills that a student can develop.
Writing is one of the most important subjects in the classroom.
Writing is one of the most powerful technologies humans have developed.
Writing is one such skill.
Writing is one trouble spot.
Writing is one way for students to reinforce syntax and increase their awareness of it as they read.
Writing is one way to reflect oneself.
Writing is one way to stay close, very close.
Writing is only one form of language use.
Writing is only one part of an intellectual process.
Writing is organized and cohesive, can write and reflect thoughts.
Writing is oriented to the consumer.
Writing is original, lively, elegant.
Writing is our catalyst for creating the future.
Writing is our lowest area.
Writing is our staff of life.
Writing is painful because it re-visits the scene of the crime, literally and emotionally.
Writing is painful.
Writing is part of it.
Writing is part of the program.
Writing is part of what's going on in the classroom.
Writing is part work and part inspiration.
Writing is particularly difficult for many people.
Writing is partly ideas and partly style.
Writing is passive, out of it, in an unreal, unnatural world.
Writing is perceived as the domain of the highly intelligent and naturally talented.
Writing is perceived information.
Writing is perhaps the most comprehensive and most difficult subject to effectively teach.
Writing is permanent.
Writing is permitted.
Writing is perpetually a solitary act.
Writing is personal transgression, spiritual transgression, and risk.
Writing is physical work.
Writing is planned in conjunction with reading and oral activities.
Writing is pleasant, but lacks rhythm.
Writing is pleasurable.
Writing is pleasure but it is always nice to share one's writing with others.
Writing is poor, filled with mechanical errors.
Writing is portable and permanent.
Writing is possible.
Writing is posted to the Lab.
Writing is power.
Writing Is Power.
Writing is pre-eminently the technology of cyborgs, etched surfaces of the late twentieth century.
Writing is presented as a natural companion to reading.
Writing is presented as an ongoing evolutionary process.
Writing is pretty weird like that.
Writing is pro-active instead of reactive, which is the lot for most actors.
Writing is probably the most critical activity of learning.
Writing is probably the most difficult task elementary students face.
Writing is probably the most personalized, creative activity in the language class.
Writing is problematic.
Writing is professional communication.
Writing is pure entrepreneurship and a great way of life.
Writing is pure fun on the Internet.
Writing is purposeful and context-specific.
Writing is quirky, entertaining, AND informative.
Writing is rare and holy, forbidden for slaves.
Writing is rather slow.
Writing is really about becoming a public person in the world.
Writing is really hard work.
Writing is really personal.
Writing is really the best thing.
Writing is reasonably focused, original, and clear.
Writing is regurgitation, throwing up.
Writing is relatively free of serious grammatical and spelling as well as syntactical errors.
Writing is repetitive.
Writing is required regularly in most courses in the psychology program.
Writing is required.
Writing is Revising.
Writing is rewarding, but writing for money is rewarding and, er, rewarding .
Writing is rewriting , is the sad but true maxim.
Writing is said to be a lonely art.
Writing is said to be cathartic.
Writing is sculpture.
Writing is seduction.
Writing is seen as important by students in direct ratio to their instructor's approach to writing.
Writing is selection.
Writing is self-discipline.
Writing is self-taught.
Writing is self-therapy.
Writing is sheer drudgery.
Writing is signification.
Writing is similar.
Writing is simple, clear, and direct.
Writing is simple, clear, direct, and in an active voice.
Writing is simply a skill that can be mastered once and for all.
Writing is simply an extension of the thinking process.
Writing is simply pure pleasure.
Writing is slightly above the state average.
Writing is slightly more important than reading in that writing is active while reading is passive.
Writing is slow, and handwriting recognition is dumb.
Writing is slow, cumbersome way to communicate.
Writing is so damn lonely.
Writing is so easy.
Writing is so important.
Writing is so insular an activity, it's a nice break from it.
Writing is so much about the intimate echoes of private memories, private fears.
Writing is so personal.
Writing is social as well as cognitive.
Writing is social.
Writing is solitary work.
Writing is solitary, directing is public and producing is about holding it all together.
Writing is something extraordinary.
Writing is something magical.
Writing is something that happens to the writer.
Writing is something that needs to be developed overtime.
Writing is something that takes a long time to learn to do.
Writing is something they ASK to do now.
Writing is something which people either love or hate.
Writing is something which requires practice.
Writing is sometimes a messy process, and time-consuming.
Writing is sometimes difficult.
Writing is sometimes unclear and imprecise.
Writing is sort of like an illness.
Writing is speech put into visible form.
Writing is spontaneous and unedited.
Writing is spotty, but ideas are interesting.
Writing is still frightening but they are finding ways to cope.
Writing is strenuous mental work.
Writing is stressed and students respond to writing prompts throughout the day.
Writing is stressed as an effective means to promote good reading and to learn to think critically.
Writing is stressed in all areas of the curriculum.
Writing is stressed in all subject areas and a school-wide writing standard is used.
Writing is stressed through completion of job forms, charts, letters and computer entries.
Writing is strong for high functioning younger students.
Writing is subjective and prone to tunnel vision.
Writing is such a chore.
Writing is such a good way to express our feelings.
Writing is such a personal thing.
Writing is such a private act.
Writing is such an amazing way to express everything.
Writing is such an ascetic solitary occupation.
Writing is such an interesting subject of discussion.
Writing is such an objective profession.
Writing is supposed to make sense, but freewriting can be incoherent or nonsensical.
Writing is synthesis rather than analysis.
Writing is talk therapy.
Writing is taught across the entire curriculum, and it's an integral part of everything students do.
Writing is taught as a process leading to publication of student newspapers, books, reports, etc.
Writing is taught as a process with workshop opportunities.
Writing is taught daily throughout the curriculum with an emphasis on the six writing standards.
Writing is taught in a noncompetitive, nurturing atmosphere of acceptance and respect.
Writing is tested in sixth and ninth grades.
Writing is textual play.
Writing is that discipline.
Writing is that way.
Writing is the act of motion.
Writing is the area which is most neglected in English education in Japanese secondary schools.
Writing is the art of communicating thought by means of letters.
Writing is the art of rewriting.
Writing is the best friend of reading.
Writing is the best grammar teacher.
Writing is the best, and probably the only, means of coming to grips with thoughts.
Writing is the biggest stumbling-block.
Writing is the center of their world, their obsession and their bond.
Writing is the easy part.
Writing is the essence of expression.
Writing is the exact opposite of therapy.
Writing is the expression of thought and derives from both experience and the imagination.
Writing is the first memory, the computer presently the last one.
Writing is the first step in the production process.
Writing is the first step, and then there's rewriting.
Writing is the fix.
Writing is the fun part.
Writing is the fundamental communications skill.
Writing is the greatest invention of the world.
Writing is the hardest way of making a living, with the possible exception of wrestling alligators.
Writing is the heart of law.
Writing is the journey.
Writing is the key to so many pursuits in life.
Writing is the key to success in college, just as college is the key to success in life.
Writing is the key.
Writing is the lawyer s craft.
Writing is the loneliest occupation there is.
Writing is the loneliest of art forms.
Writing is the lowest paying job that everyone wants to do.
Writing is the main activity with a large emphasis on poetry.
Writing is the main focus of the computer lab.
Writing is the material equivalent of the spoken language.
Writing is the means by which a computer provides the results of processing.
Writing is the methadone to the heroin of our obsessions, one addiction replacing another.
Writing is the method, content, and telos of all expressions.
Writing is the more deeply satisfying experience.
Writing is the most complicated skill.
Writing is the most critical skill for success in law school and the legal profession.
Writing is the most direct path to mastering a discipline.
Writing is the most easy, pain-free, and happy way to pass the time of all the arts.
Writing is the most important skill of a successful communicator.
Writing is the most often overlooked area in school case study evaluations.
Writing is the most problematic subject to mark.
Writing is the mother of eloquence and the father of artists.
Writing is the neatest thing.
Writing is the next best thing to speaking a language.
Writing is the next best thing.
Writing is the next big milestone in a child's social development.
Writing is the occasion for many skills and attitudes to come together for a specific purpose.
Writing is the one area where deep and sustained access to technology makes a difference.
Writing is the one art, perhaps, where there are a great many first-rate women.
Writing is the one universal skill that is valuable in every career and vocation.
Writing is the only socially acceptable form of schizophrenia.
Writing is the only way to dig into it.
Writing is the original form of asynchronous communication.
Writing is the place of interaction, exchange and search.
Writing is the prototype of social control through mass-communications media.
Writing is the reporter's job.
Writing is the same as stacking grains of sand on an ant hill.
Writing is the same way.
Writing is the same.
Writing is the simple, creative act of putting thoughts and feelings down on the page.
Writing is the sincerest form of schizophrenia.
Writing is the skill indispensable to advancement.
Writing is the skill that students say they care most about improving.
Writing is the story.
Writing is the task of putting the right words next to each other.
Writing is the transcription of linguistic noises into visible squiggles.
Writing is the vehicle.
Writing is the very essence of academic life.
Writing is the way it is because every word generally has some kind of meaning.
Writing is the work of love, but also of craft.
Writing is then merely a testing tool.
Writing is therefore a means to an end, a tool, or, worst case, a form of therapy.
Writing is therefore quiet and amasses quiet.
Writing is thievery, as in stealing time.
Writing is thin and faded in places nearly illegible.
Writing is time-consuming and difficult work.
Writing is to an SEA prompt, with two hours to respond.
Writing is to reading as waking is to sleeping, as giving is to receiving.
Writing is too hard-edged for traditional publishers.
Writing is too often bland and uninspiring.
Writing is too often wimpy.
Writing is too personal.
Writing is tough, but it's also very rewarding.
Writing is tougher with IDX updates etc and is being worked on.
Writing is touted as a lonely business.
Writing is traditionally a solitary activity.
Writing is tremendously important.
Writing is truly one of the world s greatest inventions.
Writing is two-thirds research and organisation.
Writing is unclear with poor grammar, spelling, and format.
Writing is unclear.
Writing is understanding .
Writing is uneven, disjointed or otherwise flawed.
Writing is unlike a smooth highway but rather a road always unpaved.
Writing is unorganized.
Writing is unsuccessful if the file system containing the temporary directory becomes full.
Writing is upbeat, positive, some technical and business to business.
Writing is used as a tool for learning as well as for communication.
Writing is used as a tool to help students think about ideas.
Writing is used in almost every academic experience.
Writing is used in the course to develop independent learning and thinking skills.
Writing is used to build communities in the classroom and in society.
Writing is used to communicate with others for various purposes.
Writing is used to encourage progression from the spoken to the written word.
Writing is used to foster thinking in developing and applying a design methodology.
Writing is used to promote understanding of the course materials.
Writing is used to reinforce and extend reading skills.
Writing is used to teach and extend word identification skills.
Writing is usually an important component of a product.
Writing is usually fingers to palm.
Writing is usually for an audience, but freewriting is private.
Writing is usually solitary work.
Writing is usually such evidence.
Writing is usually unclear, confusing, and imprecise.
Writing is very clear.
Writing is very difficult to follow and read.
Writing is very difficult, it's much more lonely.
Writing is very fun.
Writing is very hard to read.
Writing is very hard work and the self-discipline to keep at it is one of the major keys to success.
Writing is very hard work, even when it's fun.
Writing is very hard work.
Writing is very hard.
Writing is VERY ilegible near the tree.
Writing is very important in the workplace and in college entrance exams.
Writing is very important.
Writing is very much a playground - an artistic playground.
Writing is very nice and easy to read.
Writing is very poor.
Writing is very solitary.
Writing is very strange.
Writing is very unpredictable.
Writing is very well organized.
Writing is wearisome without contrast and without development of a thought.
Writing is well organized with a clear argument and effective support.
Writing is well organized, ideas logically and clearly expressed.
Writing is what Rowling loves more than anything else in the world.
Writing is what they mostly talk about.
Writing is what's hard.
Writing is wordy if the same idea can be expressed in fewer words.
Writing is work, whereas reading is just fun.
Writing is work.
Writing is worth the physical effort, the emotional investment, the sacrifices it demands.
Writing is written from right to left.
Writing is yet another way of learning.
Writing is, after all, a performance.
Writing is, after all, an unnatural act.
Writing is, after all, just another way of communicating.
Writing is, after all, only a poor representation of what people say.
Writing is, by nature, salvific.
Writing is, in a sense, the ultimate liberating act.
Writing is, in effect, a self-examination.
Writing is, in fact, a simple creative exercise.
Writing is, in fact, the basis for knowledge.
Writing is, in fact, time-consuming.
Writing is, in itself, a sign of the writer's soul and intelligence.
Writing is, incidentally, a superb anti-depressant.
Writing is, of course, an art form.
Writing is, of course, another option.
Writing is, of course, solitary work, and all writers appreciate feedback.
Writing is, quite simply, hard to do and do well.
Writing just goes away.
Writing keep a journal about specific books the class has read.
Writing lacks a coherent argument and has a weak introduction and conclusion.
Writing lacks organization and a plan.
Writing lacks supporting information or explanation.
Writing leads to more thinking and more writing.
Writing lets it all out.
Writing lowers the blood pressure and heart rate, and benefits the immune system.
Writing makes it trial.
Writing makes many people nervous.
Writing makes sense when it moves from one topic to another.
Writing makes the thinking less natural too.
Writing makes visible the students thinking as it develops.
Writing means creating frames.
Writing means rewriting.
Writing needs constant attention and repetition from the early grades through the university.
Writing needs constant attention and repetition from the early grades through university.
Writing needs constant attention and repetition.
Writing needs inspiration.
Writing needs to be an interactive, shared process.
Writing needs to be considered as a process.
Writing needs to be media specific.
Writing needs to conform to a recognisable code more than speech does.
Writing offers a co-writing experience.
Writing offers great satisfaction, but little money.
Writing offers Susanna possibility of an escape and the rest is history.
Writing offers the opportunity to apply phonics and related spelling knowledge.
Writing ought to be a normal mode of learning in the class.
Writing performs rather than documents.
Writing permeates modern society.
Writing plays a central role in mathematical communication.
Writing plays a major role in all subjects.
Writing plays about inherently controversial religious issues can be a thankless task.
Writing poses an interesting set of problems.
Writing promotes retention of subject matter.
Writing provides a structure to learn.
Writing provides an important means for learners to make sense of the world.
Writing provides an opportunity to earn with very little expenditure.
Writing provides benefits for both sides of commercial transactions.
Writing Provides guidelines on building an effective resume.
Writing provides opportunities for children to gain control of important literacy practices.
Writing Provides practical guidance in the basic skills of legal writing and legal method.
Writing provides the structure around which everything else orbits.
Writing Provides tips for writing resumes for both print and electronic formats.
Writing proxylets The API for proxylet.
Writing pushes the reading skills.
Writing raises the reader's level of intellectual activity.
Writing receives considerable attention.
Writing refers to a term paper each quarter.
Writing reflects a unique style that informs and delights readers.
Writing reflects correct spelling, punctuation and grammar.
Writing reflects purpose and audience.
Writing reflects thinking, and is therefor, an excellent tool for developing English proficiency.
Writing relieves asthma, arthritis pain.
Writing requires a constant flow of such activities.
Writing requires a sharp, inquisitive mind.
Writing requires a very disciplined work ethic.
Writing requires active use of language acquired passively.
Writing requires active, engaged learning on the part of the students.
Writing requires an emotional commitment and is self-paced.
Writing requires and promotes the ability to contemplate and to see aspects of life more clearly.
Writing requires and supports the development of thinking skills.
Writing requires both mental and physical preparation.
Writing requires discipline.
Writing requires extensive previous learning.
Writing requires great confidence.
Writing requires ideas, and ideas require thought.
Writing requires inspiration.
Writing requires more than one trip to the library.
Writing requires multiple drafts.
Writing requires only the dominant hand.
Writing requires patience and perseverance, and the advice and encouragement of readers.
Writing requires planning and preparation.
Writing requires quiet and solitude in greater measure perhaps than any other art form.
Writing requires reading.
Writing requires revision .
Writing requires sympathy for humanity and a sharp eye for character.
Writing requires the same thing.
Writing requires the same.
Writing requires thought.
Writing requires time, time and more time.
Writing requires work at both ends.
Writing requires writing.
Writing resumes for a diverse clientele and other secretarial activities.
Writing resumes for clients.
Writing resumes is a tough job.
Writing resumes is, after all, fundamentally a marketing act.
Writing reveals consistent weaknesses in grammar or another of the basic elements of composition.
Writing reveals language competence and intellectual ability.
Writing reveals what students have learned in class.
Writing s always only a game played with ungraspable reality . . .
Writing seems a little funky by current standards, but a thorough job and a good read.
Writing seems so foreign and difficult yet somehow satisfying even without the praise.
Writing seems to be experienced more as a means to an end, than an end in itself.
Writing seems to be intertwined with the daughter's life passage.
Writing seems to be such an independent exercise.
Writing serves at .least two critical purposes.
Writing serves many purposes in life.
Writing serves that end perfectly.
Writing shapes their perceptions of themselves and the world.
Writing shows attention to clarity of thought and accuracy in mechanics.
Writing shows clarity of thought with some evidence of depth or complexity.
Writing shows clarity, depth, and complexity of thought.
Writing shows evidence of organization and development.
Writing shows evidence of understanding of course material.
Writing shows evidence of understanding, synthesis, and reflection upon course material.
Writing shows incomplete or inconsistent understanding of course material.
Writing shows increasing attention to the visual patterns in spelling.
Writing shows lack of understanding of exaggeration.
Writing shows mastery of morphology, syntax, and most complex sentence forms.
Writing shows mechanical and formal problems.
Writing shows orginality and depth of thought.
Writing shows some evidence of flair and creativity.
Writing shows vividness with selected vocabulary, selected information, and sentence variety.
Writing simply is hard work.
Writing sounds simple.
Writing speaks to that metaphysical zone destined to live after our bodies fail.
Writing still is.
Writing still matters in television.
Writing takes a long time.
Writing takes a lot of time at a quick or slow pace.
Writing takes a variety of thinking skills.
Writing takes determination.
Writing takes effort.
Writing takes forever.
Writing takes immense courage.
Writing takes many forms in our elementary classrooms.
Writing takes more care than talking.
Writing takes more effort.
Writing takes on a new level when the mechanics are simplified with the touch of a keyboard.
Writing takes on many different forms and the expectations at each grade level vary greatly.
Writing takes on many forms and functions in society.
Writing takes perseverance and patience.
Writing takes place across the curriculum.
Writing takes place around the third week of each month.
Writing takes place here, at a phenomenal rate.
Writing takes place in all areas of the curriculum.
Writing takes place on three levels.
Writing takes practice, and it starts at home.
Writing takes practice, but there are shortcuts.
Writing takes practice.
Writing takes thought.
Writing takes time and concentration.
Writing takes time and patience.
Writing takes time it never happens magically for anyone.
Writing takes time.
Writing takes work.
Writing takes writing.
Writing tend to be a loose collection of sentences or sentence fragments on very familiar topics.
Writing tends to be a very private process.
Writing uses a lot of paper, a lot of toner, and a lot of time and patience.
Writing uses a predictable pattern and contains a clear beginning, middle and end.
Writing uses different memory than speaking.
Writing varies from personal to political articles.
Writing works the same way.
Writing's a lonely business.
Writings Answer all three questions below in separate email messages.
Writings appear in many professional journals and books.
Writings are bilingual in German and English.
Writings are word-processed and emailed as attachments.
Writings can be prose or poetry, lyrical or practical, fragmented or complete.
Writings can be prose, poetry or plays.
Writings can range from poetry to theoretical articles to stories or pieces from personal journals.
Writings consist chiefly of lectures and speeches.
Writings consist chiefly of stories, plays, speeches, and fragments of stories.
Writings cover genres such as ethnic humor, political humor, and defensive humor.
Writings feature drafts and published essays as well as book review manuscripts.
Writings is a non-profit web site.
Writings is an archive of various articles and essays that have been published over the years.
Writings produced by committee are rife with churn.
Writings progress test due.
Writings provide their own kind of marks upon the cave walls of one's life. . . .
Writings receive close, often title-level analysis and a relatively fine level of foldering.
Writings related to famine relief include detailed on-site reports and broader overviews.
Writings speak of a youths search for the inner meaning of the world.
Writing's the hard part, directing's the jolly up.
Writings Visit the metaphysical meanderings of a wandering minstrel here.
Writing always begins with the first word.
Writing always follows a great deal of oral practice.
Writing always improves when it is based on good examples.
Writing always presents an argument or makes an emotional appeal to a specific audience.
Writing often calls for a series of corrections and revisions.
Writing often seems like such a mystery.
Writing often strays out of designated areas, even when pre-printed boxes are provided.
Writing often works best when it is passionate.
All writing begins and ends in reflection.
All writing begins in the sea of experience.
All writing done here is legitimately the student's own work.
All writing follows conventions.
All writing follows spelling rules, which are complete with exceptions.
All writing has a point of view therefore all arguments can be reconstructed.
All writing has a point of view.
All writing has something of holiness.
All writing improves with pruning.
All writing includes the six trait analysis for revising and editing published work.
All writing involves rewriting.
All writing is a fiction.
All writing is a form of communication and often the only form of communication available.
All writing is a form of prayer.
All writing is a kind of playing with words.
All writing is a matter of selection.
All writing is able to be filed and saved.
All writing is an act of faith.
All writing is an intimate expression of the person.
All writing is autobiographical.
All writing is available by copyleft licensing.
All writing is cathartic.
All writing is confidential.
All writing is cowardice.
All writing is evaluated for style, form and content.
All writing is experimental in the beginning.
All writing is experimental.
All writing is garbage.
All writing is lies.
All writing is profane.
All writing is public.
All writing is revision.
All writing is ultimately a question of solving a problem.
All writing is unique.
All writing is.
All writing remains the sole property of the author.
All writing requires research, and how-to writing requires the most thorough and detailed research.
All writing requires revision.
All writing requires some interpretation.
All writing requires the process approach.
All writing starts with a main idea.
All writing stems from speech.
All writing tells a story, whether a novel or even a scientific paper.
All writings appear here with permission from their authors.
All writings are acts of courage .
All writings are available in English translations.
All writings are subject to editing for brevity, language and content at our discretion.
All writings are the property of the respective authors.
All writings are to be revised and turned in for grading at the last class meeting.
All writings are untranslatable.
All writings share certain characteristics, which have been taught in both first and second grade.
Any writing added to the form other than the requested entries is an unauthorized addition.
Any writing is a factor and they place a lot of emphasis on old weathered paint.
Every writing is different, every writing is the same.
Many writings describe fat men.
Many writings examine the cultural role of kava.
Many writings indicate that it helped to keep bad spirits away.
More writing can improve a student's self-concept which in turn, helps bring more writing.
More writing is also advisable.
More writing is done by students and faculty member.
More writing is forthcoming.
More writing is involved, as tests tend to be of the essay variety.
More writings await editing and publication.
Most writing can stand some improvement.
Most writing has an intended reader.
Most writing involves collaboration of some kind.
Most writing is analytic response to reading.
Most writing is done for a specific audience.
Most writing is done on a computer.
Most writing is graded.
Most writing is more forceful and convincing without it.
Most writing is slower than talking.
Most writings assume that disruption means termination.
Much writing has an autobiographical aspect.
Some writing demands more creative pre-writing exercises.
Some writing has to be collaborative.
Some writing is all scene.
Some writing is bad because it flows from ignorance or inanity or the intent to deceive.
Some writing is essential.
Some writing is shockingly collaborative.
Some writing is welcome however.
Some writings are also to be finished.
Some writings are available only among members of the cooperative.
Some writings reflect clearly the type of their apostolate.
Some writings state it comes from poor vitamin distribution.
Some writings support everlasting torment.
Written authorization can be valid up to one year.
Written authorization is preferred, but oral direction is agreeable.
Written authorization is required before any content can be reproduced either in whole or in part.
Written authorization is required from the current purchaser.
Written authorization is required prior to the appointment session.
Written authorization is required to be on file in our office before purchasing.
Written authorization is required to confirm transfer or room deposits on guest name changes.
Written authorization is required to decrease the frequency of reports.
Written authorization is required to provide information about a case.
Written authorization is suggested.
Written checks are inefficient and expensive to process.
Written descriptions are clear and accurate.
Written descriptions are unclear or inaccurate.
Written instructions are available at the labs.
Written instructions are available for using the terminal.
Written instructions are important because people's views differ greatly.
Written instructions reinforce verbal ones.
Written language isa entity.
A written material is communication
Written material is accepted by the Regents for their meetings.
Written material is most effective when it is relevant to the patient.
Written material is provided to inform new members.
Written material urging sex with children is forbidden.
Written notification includes notification by electronic mail and facsimile.
Written permission has to be given in order to name a rose after a living person.
Written preferences are stronger.
Written promises are easier to prove in court than oral promises.
Written proxies are acceptable if presented to the chairperson prior to the meeting.
Written queries are preferred.
Written queries are welcome, as are queries sent by way of e-mail and fax.
Written quotations are available on request .
Written quotations are available on request of the initial survey.
Written quotations are available on request to hold pricing for specific time periods.
Written quotations are available on request.
Written quotations are normally due back within seven days after receipt.
Written recommendations are important as are a student s achievements in cocurricular activities.
Written recommendations are prepared and submitted, along with a list of suppliers.
Written registration is required.
Written requirements are a mid-term essay and final literary book report.
Written requirements are available.
Written sentences are complete and clear.
Written space ca.
Written summaries are due at the beginning of class on the given date.
A written word is a word
Written words are a form of compression that has evolved over thousands of years of civilization.
Written words are also symbols that refer to the meaning of spoken words.
Written words are communication tools.
Written words are important but there is danger here.
Written words are made of characters.
Written words are merely unneeded here.
Written words are words.
All wrong actions are the result of an error followed by an insistence on having been right.
Any wrong action tends to fill the blood vessels very full and the weakened wall bursts.
Wrong address can mean lost tax refund.
Wrong answers are less valuable than no answer.
Wrong answers can be costly.
Wrong answers can have serious, negative consequences.
Wrong answers do evoke a dry wisecrack though.
Wrong answers do nothing.
Wrong answers given by students on previous tests are a very good source of alternatives answers.
Wrong answers lead to the right answers.
Wrong answers receive no credit.
Wrong answers remove funds from a piggy bank that's highly visible in the lower left screen.
Wrong answers tend to make the real users unhappy, and can often cost the company big money.
Any wrong answer requires a written explanation.
Most wrong answers occur because of carelessness.
Every wrong attempt is another step forward.
Wrong attitudes are killers.
Wrong attitudes proceed the obvious sin.
Wrong behavior comes from wrong thinking.
All wrong behavior is rooted in a misbelief about reality.
Wrong belief is as dangerous as unbelief.
Wrong belief leads to wrong actions or complacency.
Wrong beliefs lead to wrong living, sometimes living that is so wrong it is evil.
Wrong bonds make for weak bonds.
Wrong boy kills a man in a traffic accident.
Wrong choice reflects a failure in reasoning.
Wrong choices are unethical.
Wrong choices can be costly.
Wrong choices can be very costly.
Wrong choices can cause a rejection that can harm the firms finances.
Wrong choices can greatly complicate the task of achieving a satisfactory product.
Wrong choices cause harm, heartache and poverty.
Wrong choices lead to bad results.
Wrong choices lead to frustration, worry and anger.
Wrong choices result in hilarious consequences.
Some wrong choices increase cost.
Some wrong choices increase total cost.
Wrong concentration is concentration lacking mindfulness and alertness.
Wrong conduct is based on wrong believing.
Wrong curricula infects our Schools.
Wrong decisions can be deadly.
Wrong decisions can result in harm to clients as well as punitive action against the professional.
Wrong decisions lead to trouble.
Wrong decisions present their own opportunities.
Wrong decisions produce destructive emotions such as fear, anger, depression, and worry.
Wrong doctrine destroys.
Wrong eating brings zigzag patterns of procrastination.
Wrong effort is struggle.
Wrong emotions can overrule right thinking.
Wrong entertainment lowers the whole living condition and moral ideals of a race.
Wrong explanations are worthless, no matter how plausible they seem.
Wrong filenames come from reading or typing the name incorrectly.
Wrong focus equals wrong results.
Wrong friends give ungodly counsel.
Wrong guesses are worth money to all three contestants, who split the winnings equally.
Wrong guesses lead to failure and finger -pointing.
Wrong guesses result in having successive portions of stick figure drawn.
Any wrong guidance is our responsibility.
Wrong hand means wrong direction.
Wrong hoof trimming can damage the hoof more than no trimming.
Wrong icon is used when an icon is assigned at design time and Active is set to True at runtime.
Wrong ideas can hurt individuals, relationships and the culture.
Wrong information can come from any number of places, including banks or retailers.
Wrong lights go off when a touch is made.
Any wrong move can spell disaster for both.
Many wrong notions exist concerning istikharah.
Wrong order is delivered to table.
Wrong page Go here .
Wrong partner serving - service order remains as altered.
Wrong person is injured.
Wrong person is upset.
Wrong planet is a good possibility.
Wrong priorities become a focal point of failure.
Wrong selection can result in tire failure, loss of control with serious injury or death.
Wrong sequences are part of another course.
Wrong settings show unstable and sometimes wrong results.
Wrong shade can create a sense of physical deprivation.
Wrong side is the back of the fabric.
Wrong style hinge.
Wrong thing turns up, send wrong thing back.
Wrong timing can distort findings.
Wrong timing is always related to wrong motivation.
Wrong views arise from ignorance.
Wrong ways are Easy.
A wrong is immorality
Wrongs are essentially subject to punishment of some form.
Wrongs are injuries.
Wrongs are injustice.
Wrongs are rights.
Wrongs ought to be repaired at the making of a peace.
All wrong belongs to the dream that life and intelligence begin and end in matter.
Every wrong seems possible today, and is accepted.
Much wrong is very well-credentialed.
A wrongdoer is a bad person
Wrongdoers have no helpers.
Wrongdoers receive light punishments, while victims get an empty promise of repayment.
Wrongdoing can and does occur at all levels in organizations, and in all functions.
Wrongdoing comes in many guises.
Wrongdoing is actions.
Wrongdoing is activities.
Wrongdoing is an action which is both positive and evil.
Wrongdoing is different than being in bad judgment.
Wrongdoing is evil
Wrongdoing is rationalized and always blamed on external factors.
Wrongdoing is the poison of the soul.
All wrongdoing doing is due to ignorance.
All wrongdoing has an element of falsity.
All wrongdoing is sin.
Wronged princess wins public sympathy, sort of.
Wrongful conviction can and does happen to anyone.
Wrongful convictions happen to other people.
Wrongful death is death
Wrongful death is death.
Wrongful death is perhaps the most compelling action available in the law.
Wrongful Death Losing a loved one is part of life.
Every wrongful death brings grief and family crisis.
Wrongful discharge is an issue.
Wrongful dismissal is an area of law that is still developing.
Wrongful dismissal occurs when an employee is terminated without adequate notice or severance pay.
Wrongful evaluations can lead to wrongful discharge suits.
Wrongful taking requires proof or inference of access.
Wrongful termination assumes lawful employment.
Wrongheaded judges are the problem.
Wrought aluminium is identified with a four digit number which identifies the alloying elements.
A wrought iron is an iron
Wrought iron can look good for many years if it is touched up whenever bare metal is exposed.
Wrought iron has a rough surface that can hold paint and zinc for galvanization much more easily.
Wrought iron has the lowest carbon content.
Wrought iron is a commerical form of iron that is especially sturdy, malleable and relatively soft.
Wrought iron is a fibrous iron-based material.
Wrought iron is a metal with high tensile strength and elasticity.
Wrought iron is a suitable material for furniture.
Wrought iron is a very special form of iron.
Wrought iron is also much more resistant to rust and therefore lasts longer than cast iron.
Wrought iron is characterized by the presence of fine fibers of slag entrapped within the metal.
Wrought iron is generally fatigue resistant because it is so tough.
Wrought iron is made from cast iron by melting it on a bed of iron oxide.
Wrought iron is made in a forge.
Wrought iron is more corrosion resistant than steel.
Wrought iron is now available with special rust-proof coatings.
Wrought iron is quite handsome with our Colonial tab curtains and other styles as well.
Wrought iron is the purest form of iron generally encountered or produced in quantity.
Wrought iron is the stuff a blacksmith works with to create tools, horseshoes, and so on.
Wrought iron is tough and easy to work, making it perfect for creating tools in a blacksmith shop.
Wrought iron is used for decorative items.
Wrought iron is used primarily in fences, railings, screens and ornamental ironwork.
Wrought iron is very flexible, bends easily, but is too soft to hold an edge.
Wrought iron is very hard to acquire and is quite expensive.
Wrought iron requires two kits per side.
Wrought iron sets a grand scene.
Wrought irons are irons.
Most wrought iron sold today, in fact, is mild steel.
Wry bite is a severe inherited defect.
Wry humor is much easier to do in print than on film.
Wry jaw is a disqualifying fault.
Wry mouth is to be severely faulted.
Wrymouths are found in temper-ate waters of the Atlantic and Pacific.
A wryneck is a woodpecker
Wrynecks are birds.
Wrynecks are woodpeckers.
Wrynecks feed mainly on ants and their larvae.
Wrynecks get their name from the unusual, snakelike way they twist their neck when captured.
Wrynecks prefer open forests, clearings, and woodlands with low undergrowth.
WS management requires no activity restrictions.
WS assumes uniform access to both kinds of sources, independent of the capability of the sources.
WS covers women in developing countries, and feminist and lesbian issues.
WS investigates damage complaints associated with the endangered gray wolf.
WS occurs in all ethnic groups.
WSCA members agree that personal camaraderie is also a tremendous member benefit.
WSCA members receive substantial discounts on registration fees.
WSCA members request that three goals be considered.
WSPP faculty are all experienced practitioners who emphasize practical application in all classes.
WSTA staff is happy to provide information and answer questions.
WTA membership is a wise investment.
WTLS security is also available.
WTLS support is available as a separate option.
WTO progress is just one piece of the overall relationship.
Wulong tea possesses the freshness of green tea and the fragrance of black tea.
Wuss drivers live to drive another day.
WUWN participants guide to most useful web site.
WWDC predictions Let's take a look back at last year's Worldwide Developers Conference.
Wyandot descendants feel that is is our responsibility to protect the grave sites of our ancestors.
Wyche lawyers have a proud history of making a difference in their community.
Wye kits have cam action levers as standard.
Wyoming is part of America.
Wyoming isa thing.
A wyvern is dragon
Wyverns also live on Blue Dragon Island.
Wyverns are dragon.
Wyverns are large reptilian dragons with short necks and tails, two legs, and two wings.
Wyverns are quite separate.
Wyverns are the watch dogs of the dragon world.
X - controls the downstream rate.
X - indicates where ships can be docked.
X amount is profit built into the budget.
X axis is taken to be the fiducial axis.
X axis scaling The X axis is based on the physical size of the plot and the shift size.
X chromosome produces a sufficient amount of factor.
X chromosomes produce females.
X corp is the sole beneficiary of each trust.
X files contain context diffs.
X files database Information on the most popular people of Latvia.
X frame log stacking to facilitate fruiting and harvesting.
X inactivation is when one of the two X chromosomes in females is almost completely inactivated.
X inactivation occurs at about the time of implantation.
X m is relative.
X R be two real functions.
X R denotes an obs.
X ray is in reality just a proximity printing system.
X ray is the most valuable aid for making diagnosis.
X rays are an important diagnostic tool.
X rays are at the short end of the light-wave spectrum.
X rays are electromagnetic radiation.
X rays are high energy light waves.
X rays are ionizing radiation.
X rays are located in airports.
X rays are one of the most useful forms of energy.
X rays are photons that usually originate from energy transitions of the electrons of an atom.
X rays are preferred because they resolve molecular structure.
X rays can compliment surgery and medical oncology.
X rays can help identify many causes of joint pain, such as a fracture or arthritis.
X rays can penetrate most structures.
X rays can produce biological, chemical, and physical changes in the substances they enter.
X rays carry that message.
X rays come from energized gas.
X rays have higher energy than radio waves.
X rays have higher frequency than radio waves.
X rays have longer wavelengths than gamma rays and shorter wavelengths than ultraviolet rays.
X rays have shorter wavelengths than radio waves.
X rays have the same characteristics as gamma ways, but they are produced differently.
X rays heat the outer surface of the capsule, for an instant, to about a million degrees.
X rays illuminate dynamics on near-atomic length scales.
X rays interact with the electron cloud surrounding the nucleus of an atom.
X rays kill cancer cells more readily than they kill normal cells.
X rays knock electrons out of their orbits around an atom's nucleus, creating charged particles.
X rays lose some energy and change direction as they strike electrons in the crystal.
X rays owe their penetrating power to their relatively short wavelengths and high energy.
X rays pass through organs and structures of the body onto a photographic plate.
X rays pass through the metal without being absorbed.
X rays show evidence of a high-velocity bullet, which fragmented into hundreds of pieces.
X rays show nothing.
X rays speed healing of rat spinal cords.
X rays strike a chromosome in a living cell and ultimately cause the cell to die.
X rays strip electrons from atoms and leave the electrons free to conduct electricity.
X rays travel through space faster than radio waves.
X rayings are imaging.
X rayings are medical imaging.
X resource is homePage.
X resource is printerName.
X resources Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
X scale is varied.
X security comes in two flavors, key based and host-based.
X server crashes on some bogus font.dir file.
X server is included.
X server quits cleanly.
X servers are very complex and often contain a few bugs, especially for recently released hardware.
Some X servers have limited resources for pixmaps.
Some X servers like to have a FULL path.
X T can be negative.
X terminals are available in each of the graduate student and faculty offices.
Most X terminals provide a way to open a console window either from an icon or using a hot key.
X U is affine.
X V Let's think immediately.
X V Welcome to our site.
X windows does have some interesting security features.
X windows has a standard list of colors that it supports.
X windows is a windows like interface.
X windows running in DECstations are often the DECwindows.
X windows works fine.
X wing is in good shape complete except for two lower wing cannons.
X X Apply scientific knowledge and skills to understand issues and everyday events.
X X apply sociological concepts and principles to individual experiences and the social world.
X X be a monotone endofunction of an ipo.
X X Be able to make maps, globes, and graphs.
X X Be able to use maps and globes to locate places and regions.
X X be an w -continuous function.
X X compare and contrast basic theoretical orientations and middle-range theories in the area.
X X denotes an observation whose X value gives it large influence.
X X describe major theories in selected substantive areas of sociology.
X X ends mid month .
X X evaluate statistical information and analyses.
X X explain and apply basic statistical principles and techniques.
X X explain how sociology contributes to understanding of the area.
X X Hold the paper away at normal reading distance.
X X identify limitations of theoretical arguments.
X X identify materials, research, and data relevant to research questions.
X X is the spot .
X X Make preliminary adaptation of temporary crowns.
X X Make recommendations to improve data availability for applicant checks.
X X Make two wet mounts of elodia leaves, one with water and one with salt water.
X X suggest specific policy implications of research and theories in the area.
X X summarize current research in the area.
X X understand alternative viewpoints on social scientific issues.
A x is a letter
X affects the endogenous variable .
X allows use up to eight cut buffers.
X applets X .
X are a biographical outline and two indexes, one by alphabetic order, the other by stroke.
X are amongst the issues here.
X are current or former cigarette smokers.
X are isomorphic.
X are maps.
X are other variables described further.
X are overrides where X is the value being overridden.
X are preferred.
X are the coflat complements of u and v respectively.
X are the inclusions.
X are three maps.
X are two maps in A .
X are two strong subobjects.
X assumes the mortgage.
X avoids a false separation of content, pedagogy, and contexts for learning.
X be a functional endo-relation in a logos or a pretopos with stable countable unions.
X be a logical equation.
X be a map.
X be a multifunction with nonempty convex images and fibers relatively open in X .
X be a preordered set, P a family of prime initial sets in X equipped with the hull-kernel topology.
X be a quasi-compact morphism in a spectral site.
X be a smooth projective variety which is defined over a number field.
X be achievable.
X be an upper semicontinuous multifunction with nonempty closed acyclic values.
X be separable.
X be the canonical projection.
X be the join of u and v.
X be the localization of X at P .
X be the map induced by l P .
X be the map induced by u and v.
X be the maximum daily temperature in Newcastle.
X be the morphisms determined by e' .
X become green.
X binds the complex directly.
X Can apologize and be courteous.
X can be a certain color or type of creature, instant, enchantment, artifact, land or sorcery.
X can be a number from zero to fifteen.
X can be a number of different substituents.
X can be a row vector, in which case the elements are assumed to apply to the columns of Z .
X can be a vector or a matrix.
X can be of any intrinsic type.
X can draw.
X Can get information from TV and other orally presented materials.
X Can lack snow on lower slopes.
X can run at different resolutions.
X charges up significantly faster.
X compare and contrast major theoretical orientations.
X completes the kernel version number.
X comprises multiple indexed images, all having the same size and all using the colormap map .
X contains a square.
X contains the x coordinate location of the mouse.
X correspond to experimental characteristic function.
X corresponds to a major revision and Y to a minor revision.
X cut buffers are available for compatibility.
X demonstrate how demographic and other social changes affect social structures and individuals.
X demonstrate how social institutions affect each other.
X demonstrate how social interaction and the self influence society and social structure.
X demonstrate the effects of social institutions and their interactions on individuals.
X denotes a distribution of data values.
X denotes an obs.
X denotes no sequence consensus.
X denotes that the location has the designated amenity.
X denotes the program area for the special topic of applied research.
X depends on the correct keyboard and mouse drivers.
X describe how sociology contributes to understanding human experiences.
X describe social and cultural trends.
X describe the significance of cross-cultural variations.
X dies intestate.
X does A .
X does action a and changes to t.
X does distinguish.
X does have an option that is almost like using a credit card.
X does no such thing.
X doesnt quite work yet nor does sound or the DVD rom.
X ends mid month . . . . . . .
X ends mid month . . . . . .
X equals the number of untapped lands that player controls.
X erox double-sided as often as possible.
X evokes positive sympathy.
X explain relationships between beliefs and behavior.
X explain the degree to which values are historically and culturally situated.
X find .
X furnishes capital, labor and management for the partnership.
X gives money.
X has as many columns as there are states.
X has density for .
X Have access to another fume hood for hazardous materials.
X have different number problems.
X Have non-agressive conflict resolution strategies.
X Have number of SOPs that address many safety issues.
X Have simple cutting, coloring and pasting skills.
X idc Up .
X Increase access to quality medical and dental care.
X indicates a home county, so please call that station first.
X indicates a mid-Manhattan location, to be announced during registration.
X indicates any residue in a given position.
X indicates gene duplication.
X indicates ice thickness measurement sites.
X indicates incomplete thesis.
X indicates non-scoring event.
X indicates that a player never entered that tournament.
X indicates that the module is currently available.
X indicates very biased data.
X indicates where pilots reported icing along the route.
X is also a bit slower, overall, than an integrated graphical environment.
X is also a commune in France, and there is a company called X in the United States.
X is and is .
X is available in English, Japanese and French.
X is compact.
X is discrete iff every subset of X is closed.
X is either locally compact separable or discrete.
X is either temperature or voltage, depending on the setting for each channel.
X is eligible to use the simplified procedure.
X is epic coflat.
X is equal to the diameter of the circle of the smallest end piece.
X is extensible.
X is good.
X is great.
X is half the original pressure.
X is hard to incorporate into a sentence.
X is hit, and fans.
X is in the direction toward the galactic center.
X is in units of standard deviations from the mean.
X is know to be resource-consuming.
X is k-separable.
X is like x but also takes the next argument as the root of a directory tree for comparison.
X is likly to evolve at some frequency.
X is lower bounded and inf X X .
X is mount attachment.
X is negative.
X is null.
X is on roll with a double shot at a second of O's checkers.
X is once again the percentage of the city's population that is Black.
X is onto.
X is platform independent, which is a crucial property.
X is preferable.
X is present, it is known to be abnormal, therefore lack of X indicates a state of normalcy.
X is pure, i.e., has no side-effects.
X is ready.
X is reflexive.
X is round.
X is set to the result of the math that takes place in the subroutine.
X is set to zero.
X is so genuine and really cares about our future.
X is still down.
X is true because accepting that X is true has positive consequences.
X is true.
X just needs a few more tools to make it easier to manage.
X looks a little bit like someone else.
X makes sure that the rap genre is still interesting and exciting to listen to.
X mark the calibration data, triangles mark the fitted shutter diode signal.
X marks an alumnus.
X marks our booth at top right of diagram.
X marks the exit point from the maze.
X marks the G -Spot.
X marks the placement of the centromere.
X marks the spot for New Zealand s leading group of specialist technology lawyers.
X marks the spot for the career fair.
X marks the spot where two separate lines connect.
X marks the spot.
X marks the target of a reference.
X maximize document impact with proofing and print settings.
X maximize spreadsheet impact with proofing and print settings.
X means execute permission- except for directories where it means search permission.
X means motocross of some kind.
X means risks outweigh potential benefits.
X mediates the communication between individuals and a computer network.
X misstates that the guide includes information on boroughs outside Manhattan.
X move away.
X moves the specimen horizontally on the screen.
X n be random variables, representing execution times of tasks.
X needs more iterations to stabilize.
X needs no warning labels.
X Needs secondary containment separate from ALL groups and from each other individually.
X needs to know some parameters about the device.
X obtains in the other.
X offers MySQL as a free product to the general public.
X offset The horizontal offset of the lower left corner of the plot.
X operates a day care and is licensed through Lake County.
X operates a manufacturing facility.
X Perform basic arithmetic functions and make reasoned estimates.
X Play cooperatively in come competetive games.
X provides considerably more sophisticated mechanisms to modify and examine resources.
X provides functionality via a vast set of subroutine libraries.
X provides several macros that define the data types of variables.
X provides two security mechanisms.
X pyrethrins X .
X Recommend cost share and incentive payment limits for participants.
X Recommend criteria to be used in defining a large confined livestock operation.
X Recommend eligible conservation practices.
X Recommend technical aspects of wetland protection, restoration, and mitigation requirements.
X references a new, externally creatable object.
X refrains from putting O in place.
X refuses to join the conspiracy.
X remains unchanged.
X represents an X node which can contain other nodes.
X represents areas of active interaction, as documented by joint research projects.
X represents the desired amount of time.
X represents the desired number of lives.
X represents the desired starting level.
X represents the English 'sh' sound, as in 'push'.
X represents the number of desired lives.
X runs more smoothly.
X runs over many different computer systems.
X See examples below.
X signify the true score.
X stands as the single greatest justification for dual track First Amendment analysis.
X stands for a xeroexed handout to be given in class.
X stands for action as well as strategy, building, trading etc.
X stands for all the sins of omission.
X stands for Halogen.
X stands for the speed of the very first CD-ROM drive, or base speed.
X Starts the X Server.
X starts up fine, except there's no hardware accelation.
X supplement each other.
X supports long file names.
X switch every time.
X testifies favorably to defendant's position.
X total no.
X Use common sense to help interpret results.
X works fine for other user accounts.
X works the same way it does on the sparc.
X-bows out of range.
X-ray the spine to see if an asymptomatic individual has any misalignments.
X-raying the welded seams in the boilers, as required, verifies that welds are sound.
Xs are films.
Xs are letters.
Xs are movies.
Xs are part of alphabets.
X-say their hand baggage.
X always marks the spot.
X often raises questions about that community.
Xact herbicide offers soybean growers premium weed control.
Xantech products are extremely reliable and easy to install.
Xanthine oxidase can generate nitric oxide from nitrate in ischaemia.
Xanthine oxidase generates nitric oxide from nitrates and nitrite in hypoxia.
Xanthine oxidase is an example of such an enzyme.
Xanthine oxidases are enzymes.
A xanthine is an organic compound
Xanthine affects ca and contractile responses of ventricular c ardiocytes to electrical stimulation.
Xanthine Is a chemical that occurs naturally in yeast, potatoes, coffee beans, tea and chocolate.
Xanthine is a naturally occurring substance found in all living cells.
Xanthines also prevent fat from entering the cells in the first place.
Xanthines are chemical compounds.
Xanthines are organic compounds.
Some xanthines are obviously less desirable, such as caffeine.
Xanthogranulomatous pyelonephritis is a type of chronic pyelonephritis.
A xanthophyll is a carotenoid
Xanthophyll is the yellow pigment in chloroplasts.
Xanthophyll produces the color yellow, and carotene, like that in carrots, produces yellow-orange.
Xanthophyll produces the yellows, erithrosin and carotene the reds, and anthocyanin the blues.
Xanthophylls are a fourth common class of pigments.
Xanthophylls are also yellow.
Xanthophylls are carotenoids.
Xanthophylls are organic matter.
Xanthophylls are oxygenated derivatives of carotenes.
Xanthophylls are pigments known to reduce or prevent age-related eye problems.
Xaverian alumni are also a vital part of the vibrancy of the school.
Xaverian schools challenge students to achieve their human potential.
XC skiing is even more widely available than down hill skiing.
XCrySDen default is to show primitive cell.
Xenobiotic chemicals do their damage to our body's chemical mechanisms one molecule at a time.
Xenobiotic stressors add to the mean rate in proportion to the strength of the stressor.
A xenolith is a stone
Xenoliths are chunks of country rock in the igneous body, sometimes produced by magmatic stoping.
Xenoliths are common.
Xenoliths are rocks.
Xenoliths are usually good markers of unconformities, or time gaps, that have occurred in bedding.
Most xenoliths contain primary and secondary phlogopite and hornblende.
Xenon compounds are the most numerous of the noble gas compounds that have been formed.
Some xenon compounds are colored.
Xenon gas absorbs microwaves and it gets hot.
Xenon headlights are optional.
Xenon creates a blue or lavender glow when subjected to an electrical discharge.
Xenon fishes out a few more pyreal and purchases another cup.
Xenon fluorides as fluoride donors or as fluoride acceptors.
Xenon hands the drunken madman a glass of sake and steps back.
Xenon has eight valence electrons.
Xenon has no biological role.
Xenon has relatively little commercial use.
Xenon has the lowest ionization potential and the highest mass of many elements.
Xenon induces robust cardioprotection and neuroprotection through a variety of mechanisms.
Xenon is a belongs to the group of the noble gases.
Xenon is a colorless, odorless gas.
Xenon is a colorless, odorless, tasteless gas.
Xenon is a gas that provides amazing illumination for prolonged periods of time.
Xenon is a heavy and extremely rare gas.
Xenon is a known anesthetic.
Xenon is a member of the zero- valence elements that are called noble or inert gases .
Xenon is a noble gas.
Xenon is a non-toxic chemically inert gas and as such has no effect on the environment.
Xenon is a rare atmospheric gas and as such is non-toxic and chemically inert.
Xenon is a rare, colorless, odorless heavy gas.
Xenon is a rare, colorless, odorless, tasteless, chemically unreactive gas.
Xenon is a rare, odorless, colourless, tasteless, chamically unreactive gas.
Xenon is a simple X-based text editor.
Xenon is a supplier of films geared toward the African American community.
Xenon is a very sparingly soluble gas which comes out in the alveoli.
Xenon is an element
Xenon is an inert gas that is readily absorbed in solutions and commonly used as an anesthetic.
Xenon is an inert gas used in bright lighthouse lamps.
Xenon is an odorless, tasteless, colorless gas under the ordinary conditions.
Xenon is an odourless, colourless, chemically inert gas with nine stable isotopes.
Xenon is chemical elements.
Xenon is elements.
Xenon is extracted from irradiated uranium target.
Xenon is gases.
Xenon is highly soluble in the blood and in white matter of the brain.
Xenon is inert towards most chemicals.
Xenon is manu-factured on a small scale by the fractional distillation of liquid air.
Xenon is noble gases.
Xenon is non toxic, colorless, and odorless.
Xenon is obtained commercially as a by-product of the separation of air into oxygen and nitrogen .
Xenon is particularly well-suited for medical studies.
Xenon is produced commercially in an air separation plant.
Xenon is produced in the same way it was discovered.
Xenon is relatively easy to ionize and store onboard the spacecraft.
Xenon is so rare, because it is the heaviest noble gas.
Xenon is the heaviest gas likely to be found in an atmosphere.
Xenon is the least volatile of the noble gases obtainable from the air.
Xenon is the 'little general'.
Xenon is the same gas found in photo flash bulbs and lighthouse search lamps.
Xenon is the same gas found in photo flash tubes and many lighthouse bulbs.
Xenon is used in applications where a high molecular weight gas is needed.
Xenon is used in high-speed photography for lamps that produce intense, short flashes of light.
Xenon is used in medicine as a general anesthetic and in medical imaging.
Xenon is used in the brightest lamps in lighthouses .
Xenon is used when a very bright, sun-like light is needed.
Xenon is very rare in the atmosphere.
Xenon occurs in the atmosphere, but it can be obtained through industrial liquid-air plants.
Xenon refuses to merge with other elements.
A xenophobia is social phobia
Xenophobia affects the observance of human rights in the worst way.
Xenophobia can also mean the fear of trying new things .
Xenophobia can also mean the fear of trying new things.
Xenophobia finds excuses for itself in everything.
Xenophobia is a central motif of the elections.
Xenophobia is a chronic condition in America.
Xenophobia is a consequence of insecurity in the face of ongoing economic and social difficulties.
Xenophobia is a fear and hatred of that which is strange or foreign.
Xenophobia is a fear of strangers.
Xenophobia is a fear or prejudice toward strangers.
Xenophobia is a.
Xenophobia is an irrational fear or hatred of one defined as the other or as a stranger.
Xenophobia is high, as are other forms of hatred.
Xenophobia is on the rise in South Africa.
Xenophobia is one of mankind's long-standing traditions.
Xenophobia is prejudice based on generalisations and stereotypes.
Xenophobia is rare here.
Xenophobia is rife in the country.
Xenophobia is something natural in many societies.
Xenophobia is still strong in the Earth colonies.
Xenophobia is the deep dislike of non-nationals by nationals of a recipient state.
Xenophobia is the fear of foreigners.
Xenophobia is the fear of strangers or foreigners.
Xenophobia is the fear of strangers.
Xenophobia is the fear or hatred of anything that is strange or foreign.
Xenophobia is the ugly cousin of nationalism, and both coexist in the mass Chinese psyche.
Xenophobia keeps socially integrated groups separated.
Xenophobia kills civil society.
Xenophobia knows no bounds.
Xenophobia literally means fear of dark or darker people.
Xenophobias are discrimination.
Xenophobias are social phobia.
Xenophobic climates lead to persecution, hate crimes and murder.
Xenophobic hatred is what foreigners stir against other foreigners.
Xenophobic views seem to be catching hold of new groups.
A xenotime is a mineral
Xenotime contains uranium, which slowly decays to lead.
A xenotransplant is an organ transplant
Xenotransplants are basically transplants using animal organs.
Xenotransplants are far too dangerous for our species to even consider.
Xenotransplants are risky and expensive.
Xenotransplants are transplants.
A xenotransplantation is an organ transplant
Xenotransplantation has a long history in the scientific community.
Xenotransplantation has many potential advantages over allogenic transplantation.
Xenotransplantation has safety problems, however.
Xenotransplantation has the potential of opening up a new pool of organs to draw from.
Xenotransplantation Includes a survey, list of people active in the field, publications and news.
Xenotransplantation is a dangerous and unproven technology.
Xenotransplantation is a possible solution to Canada s ever-growing shortage of organs for donation.
Xenotransplantation is a public health risk.
Xenotransplantation is an alternative solution to organ transplants.
Xenotransplantation is an example of totally unjustifiable exploitation of animals.
Xenotransplantation is no exception.
Xenotransplantation is still in the research stage.
Xenotransplantation is the most regulated procedure of all.
Xenotransplantation is the placement of organs and tissues in other species.
Xenotransplantation is the transplantation of body organs from one species into another.
Xenotransplantation is the transplantation of tissues from animals to humans.
Xenotransplantation is the transplanting of non-human organs into humans.
Xenotransplantation is the use of animal body parts to replace diseased human tissues.
Xenotransplantation is the use of animal organs in humans.
Xenotransplantation is the use of live nonhuman animal cells, tissues and organs in human patients.
Xenotransplantation is the use of live, non-human animal cells, tissues and organs in humans.
Xenotransplantation is the use of organs from other animals.
Xenotransplantation makes informed consent impossible.
Xenotransplantation offers a nearly limitless supply of organs that can be used for transplants.
Xenotransplantation offers hope of an immense supply of organs available for transplantation.
Xenotransplantation poses perhaps the greatest risk of exposing human populations to a lethal virus.
Xenotransplantation raises a host of ethical and practical issues.
Xenotransplantation raises many novel medical, legal and ethical issues.
Xenotransplantation refers to the transplantation of organs between different species.
Xeric environments impose significant constraints on plant life histories.
Xerographic copies are acceptable with duplicates of the manuscript.
Xerographic solutions has the right people with the right training.
A xerophyte is a tracheophyte
Xerophyte is a kind of plants adapted in desert habitat.
Xerophyte isa tracheophyte.
Xerophytes are adapted to live in wet, rainy climates.
Xerophytes are categorized into several groups according to their drought resisting power.
Xerophytes are desert plants which grow in dry and hot places.
Xerophytes are plants adapted to dry conditions.
Xerophytes are plants that are adapted to dry conditions.
Xerophytes are plants that are adapted to survive in very dry conditions.
Xerophytes are plants that have developed special means of storing and conserving water.
Xerophytes are plants that prefer arid conditions and require little or no irrigation.
Xerophytes are plants which are adapted to a dry, arid habitat such as deserts or sand dunes.
Xerophytes are plants which grow in hot and dry regions.
Xerophytes are the plants that grow in habitats where there is very less water or no water supply.
Xerophytes can have smaller leaves or fewer branches than other plants.
Xerophytes exhibit a number of special features in their morphological organs.
Xerophytes generally live in areas such as deserts, mountain ranges, or arctic areas.
Xerophytes grow on a variety of habitats.
Xerophytes have (part) cell membranes.
Xerophytes have (part) cells.
Xerophytes have (part) corpi.
Xerophytes have (part) cytoplasm.
Xerophytes have (part) nuclei.
Xerophytes have (part) plasma membranes.
Xerophytes have (part) sections.
Xerophytes have (part) vacuoles.
Xerophytes have a vascular system consisting of xylem and phloem tissues.
Xerophytes have greater potentiality to resist wilting.
Xerophytes have smaller leaves, particularly leaves shaped like needles.
Xerophytes have stomata.
Xerophytes seem to use a lesser quantity of respiratory substrates than do mesophytes.
Xerophytes usually have thick leathery leaves with a thick cuticle.
Many xerophytes have extensive root systems in order to trap available water.
Most xerophytes have stomata.
Some xerophytes have chlorophyll.
Some xerophytes have leaves.
Some xerophytes have roots.
Some xerophytes have spines.
Some xerophytes live in arctic regions as well.
A xerophytic plant is a tracheophyte
Xerophytic plants possess an extraordinary way of storing and conserving water.
Some Xerophytic plants sit out a drought .
Some Xerophytic plants sit out a drought.
A xeroradiography is photography
Xeroradiography is an alternative method of recording X-ray images .
A xerostomia is dryness
Xerostomia results from inadequate function of the salivary glands, such as the parotid glands.
Xerotic skin is often itchy skin.
A xerox copy is a copy
Xerox copies are acceptable.
Xerox copies are almost never legible.
Xerox copies are available for anyone who is interested.
Xerox copies guideline Preliminary version of guidelines.
A xerox is a copy
Xerox copy available.
Xeroxes are acceptable if they are dark, contrasty copies.
Xeroxes are the best copies.
Xeroxs are companies.
Xeroxs are copies.
Xeroxs are duplicators.
Xeroxed copies are acceptable.
Xeroxed posters are in the future.
All Xeximian costs are recoupable and then a royalty fee is assigned to sales at retail.
XFDL forms are objects that contain all the data, presentation, and logic for that form.
XGA resolution brings presentations to life with sharp, clear images.
XGA resolution displays about a third more information than SVGA projectors.
XGA resolution is combined with ultra high brightness for maximum impact in a minimum sized package.
XGA resolution is probably the most common setting on today's desktops and many laptops.
XGA resolution means sharp, clear images.
XII ducatos pro regalibus suis.
XII work fine - they request 'Framework v.
Some Ximian products link to web services.
Xinjiang is part of Asia.
Xinjiang isa thing.
Xircom company profile all products product est.
XO skeleton is stiff, lightweight and stable, further contributing to a faster ride.
Xsafe rods provide improved hole depth capacity and drilling economy.
XVII is given over to burials in Kentucky.
Some xvile differences are big improvements over standard vi.
XX males are also infertile.
XX Come on down and see some old friends or make some new ones.
XX denotes female and XY male.
XX here is a descriptor to make it a meaningful name.
XX is a state's two-letter postal abbreviation.
XX is a two-digit number corresponding to the year the print version was published.
XX is always a female, XY are males.
XX is anything.
XX is female, XY is male.
XX is the primary number of the department in which the student is majoring.
XX is the race number.
XX is used instead of blank lines to avoid confusion with the sequence data lines.
XX is used to denote the desired year.
XX Read the file XX for host, user, and password information.
XX refers to version number.
XX represents drain finish.
XX represents filing units.
XX seeks to avoid the cost and burden of providing duplicative information to participants.
XX uses a wheelchair and requires assistance for toileting.
Xxs are bands.
Xxs are sex chromosomes.
Xxxs are sex chromosomes.
All xxx teens all the time.
XXXX brewer quits vineyard scrap Links to more Business stories are at the foot of the page.
XXXX students use self-provided computers.
Xylem vessels carry water.
Most xylem vessels carry water.
Xylem carries water.
Xylem has (part) sections.
Xylem isa plant part.
Xylem transports nutrients.
Most xylem carries water.
Some xylem is part of acacias.
Some xylem is part of apricots.
Some xylem is part of aspen.
Some xylem is part of baobabs.
Some xylem is part of beeches.
Some xylem is part of brambles.
Some xylem is part of burdocks.
Some xylem is part of bushes.
Some xylem is part of cayenne.
Some xylem is part of cedar.
Some xylem is part of chicots.
Some xylem is part of cocos.
Some xylem is part of conifers.
Some xylem is part of elms.
Some xylem is part of gingkoes.
Some xylem is part of gooseberries.
Some xylem is part of grapefruit.
Some xylem is part of guavas.
Some xylem is part of hawthorns.
Some xylem is part of heathers.
Some xylem is part of heaths.
Some xylem is part of hollies.
Some xylem is part of hollyhocks.
Some xylem is part of huckleberries.
Some xylem is part of jasmine.
Some xylem is part of juniper.
Some xylem is part of laurels.
Some xylem is part of lilacs.
Some xylem is part of mandarins.
Some xylem is part of mangos.
Some xylem is part of mangroves.
Some xylem is part of marijuana.
Some xylem is part of mays.
Some xylem is part of papaya.
Some xylem is part of pepper.
Some xylem is part of periwinkles.
Some xylem is part of pichis.
Some xylem is part of pine.
Some xylem is part of pinyons.
Some xylem is part of privets.
Some xylem is part of raspberries.
Some xylem is part of roses.
Some xylem is part of rowans.
Some xylem is part of salmonberries.
Some xylem is part of shrubs.
Some xylem is part of spruces.
Some xylem is part of titis.
Some xylem is part of trees.
Some xylem is part of willows.
Xylene is a medium
Xylene is solvent.
Xylene passes into the blood soon after entering the body.
Xylene works good.
Xylenes are a natural products of many plants, and are a component of petroleum and coal tar.
Xylenes are resistant to hydrolysis, since there are no hydrolyzable functions.
Xylenes can also cause headaches, nausea and vomiting, tiredness and stomach upset.
Xylenes can damage the liver and kidneys.
A xylophone is a musical instrument
Xylophones are instruments.
Xylophones are located in bands.
Xylophones are located in museums.
Xylophones are located in orchestras.
Xylophones are most common in non-Western cultures.
Xylophones are musical instruments.
Xylophones are percussion instruments.
Xylophones are used for play.
Xylophones are wonderful instruments for demonstrating musical scales.
Xylophones consist of graduated bars of hardwood that are struck with a stick or mallet.
Xylophones have bars which are made of wood.
Most xylophones sit on resonators, which can be very sophisticated or made from tin cans or gourds.
Xyrillian females can impregnate human males without the human noticing.
Xyzoic soils are on mountains.
Y axis grows downwards.
Y axis is cell value.
Y chromosomes are unique to males and, in fact, determine maleness.
Y class has two major components.
Y d is disposable income.
Y j determine a scalar field.
Y m be independent random variables with common distribution G .
All y s are z s.
Y t holds.
Y X Select a path.
A y is a letter
IEs are well-prepared for that because they are trained to take a systems view.
IEs increase progressively for a particular element.
IEs move into upper management positions because of their unique skills and experience.
Y am eleven years old.
Y are copies of the vector y .
Y are currently empty.
Y are morphisms of k -spaces.
Y are open effective.
Y are real numbers containing the plot coordinates.
Y are the same, then if version m is less than or equal to version n , ancestry is proven.
Y are the user coordinates of the first point.
Y are two morphisms and g is quasi-compact and surjective.
Y are two morphisms in a site C .
Y are two morphisms of k -spaces.
Y are two morphisms of local ringed sets.
Y are two normal monos.
Y are two strong monos.
Y are two unipotent maps.
Y are two unitary arrows.
Y axis the axis that specifies height in the coordinate system.
Y be two analytic monos.
Y come from Italy.
Y consulte a un medico si usted tiene algun problema de salud, antes de usar este producto.
Y corresponds to a time returned in column vector T .
Y corresponds to luminance which is the measurement of the perception of brightness .
Y defines luminance, U defines hue, and V defines saturation.
Y denotes carbohydrate-binding proteins.
Y do u think u r alive.
Y do u want cap.
Y encodes a permease, a transport protein needed to get lactose into the cell.
Y entonces abatida, ah cabecita loca, pretendes que la herida la cierre con mi boca.
Y equals quality of life for our most challenging consumers.
Y ields no fruit in action .
Y link to learn about the special coumputer program for the middle school students.
Y moves first.
Y moves the specimen vertically on the screen.
Y moves to an apartment in another part of town.
Y offset for tile or stipple operations.
Y offset The vertical offset of the lower left corner of the plot.
Y pairs other series of data.
Y prints a copy of the graph automatically.
Y represents metal ions.
Y represents response under control.
Y rises, while the price level remains approximately constant.
Y specifies the outer Y-position of the window.
Y specifies the y-coordinate.
Y starts here, the first scanline that is shared by both bounding boxes.
Y starts up and acquires the released rollback segments.
Y starts walking around the couch in circles eyes focused on the floor.
Y stimulates ingestive behavior and increases urine output in the ovine fetus.
Y turns on the half-window time offset.
Y varies directly with x.
Y varies jointly as x and the square of z, and inversely as the principal square root of w.
Y write down the path equations and their solution in terms of the three correlation coefficients.
Y yanks a copy of the next n lines.
Y yield The percentage rate at which a fund's portfolio earns income.
Ys are ambulances.
Ys are letters.
Ys are weapons.
Some y are z.
Yacht brokers work with experienced wedding planners to ensure a dream wedding.
Yacht charter is one of the major industries and bareboats can be hired for all cruises.
Yacht charter is, of course, available.
Yacht charters are also available for a delightful evening on the bay.
Yacht charters are also available.
Yacht charters help to support locals on islands on their routes.
A yacht club is a club
Yacht clubs are also convenient places to leave the boat while visiting the interior.
Yacht clubs are clubs.
Many yacht clubs allow guests that are members of other yacht clubs to use their facilities.
Most yacht clubs have moorings for visitors who are generally made welcome everywhere.
Yacht management is the core of the business.
Yacht World Find a broker, buy or sell.
A yacht is a vessel
Yacht charters In Greece and sailing holidays.
Yacht isa craft.
Yacht stops at all major ports and islands for shore exploration.
Yachts are boats.
Yachts are complete and ready to cruise.
Yachts are large boats.
Yachts are sailboats.
Yachts are ships.
Yachts are small ships.
Yachts are subject to an excise tax as a luxury item.
Yachts are used for cruises.
Yachts are used for races.
Yachts are used for sails.
Yachts are used for transport.
Yachts are used for travel.
Yachts are vessels.
Yachts are welcome.
Yachts can carry five headsails and five spinnakers.
Yachts can dock at Basseterre and Charlestown.
Yachts can move and incur liability in areas that are very far from the point of sale.
Yachts can range from the elegant, to casual.
Yachts come in all sizes and cater to all levels - unskippered or fully crewed.
Yachts have (part) anchors.
Yachts have (part) bases.
Yachts have (part) hulls.
Yachts have (part) ribs.
Yachts have (part) rider plates.
Yachts have (part) rudder blades.
Yachts have (part) sections.
Yachts operate from the Bay of Islands, Auckland.
Yachts shelter in the natural harbor.
Yachts sleep one or two couples and crew.
Yachts tend to be larger and more luxurious.
Yachts There is such a range of yachts available to buy that it is difficult to know where to start.
Yachts traveling through the area are also welcome.
Yachts turn out to be a favourite Saudi extravagance.
Yachts vary from small to large and from economy-minded to luxurious.
Yachts usually delay until just before finishing unless they get a long way ahead.
All yachts are air-conditioned and the skipper and chef take care of everything.
All yachts are to remain afloat for the duration of each event.
All yachts carry a VCR with a natural history video library.
All yachts carry cat poison.
All yachts have a tender with either oars or an outboard engine.
All yachts have air-conditioned cabins with private bathrooms.
All yachts have comprehensive insurance and cover civil and third party liability.
All yachts meet the safety standards required by Greek maritime law.
All yachts offer restroom facilities, and some have separate changing rooms.
All yachts race the course simultaneously, which is also known as the fleet racing format.
All yachts underlineed in blue have specification attached.
Every yacht is different.
Many yachts have a shotgun onboard for protection and run the risk of loosing the gun.
Most yachts are owner operated and all are run most professionally to a very high standard.
Most yachts have sea kayaks available on board.
Most yachts have snorkel gear, windsurfers, kayaks, etc for their guests to use.
Most yachts pass though Panama without any problem.
Most yachts visit Egypt only to transit the Suez Canal and very few visit the country itself.
Some yachts even offer gourmet dinner cruises and full moon sails.
Some yachts have seasonal discounts.
Some yachts offer family rates , seasonal specials , or honeymoon packages.
Some yachts offer scuba diving.
Some yachts offer triples or quads.
YAG laser facilitates permanent marking of components for identification and traceability.
YAG laser is ablative but it has very little heat production.
Yag laser offers more precision in smoothing damaged and scarred skin.
YAG laser removes tattoo ink with the energy of light.
Yagi antennas are available in several configurations and sizes.
A yagi is a directional antenna
Yagi covers colors, tools, water, chemicals and techniques for marbling both paper and silk.
Yagis are directional antennas.
Yagis are second to quads in popularity.
Yak bulls have blood.
Yak calves receive milk.
Yak cows carry calves.
Some yak meat plays important roles.
Some yak meat plays roles.
A yak is a bovine
Yak isa ungulate.
Yaks adapt to alpine regions.
Yaks adapt to environments.
Yaks adapt to extreme environments.
Yaks adapt to himalayan regions.
Yaks adapt to regions.
Yaks also play an important part in many pastoral rituals and religious festivals.
Yaks are a long-haired oxen that thrive in high altitudes.
Yaks are agile, more like goats.
Yaks are animals.
Yaks are cold hardy.
Yaks are disease resistant and cold hardy.
Yaks are disease resistant and require minimal veterinarian expenses and management.
Yaks are docile and easily tamed, readily halter trained when young, and handled regularly.
Yaks are downright fun.
Yaks are found in the Himalayan region of South Central Asia.
Yaks are great.
Yaks are gregarious and do well with other animals.
Yaks are heavily built animals with a bulky frame, sturdy legs, and rounded cloven hooves.
Yaks are herd animals .
Yaks are herd animals.
Yaks are inquisitive, intelligent, and quiet animals each with their own distinct personality.
Yaks are intelligent and inquisitive.
Yaks are large, hooved animals with a dark brown thick shaggy coat.
Yaks are large, long-haired, horned mammals that live in mountainous Tibet.
Yaks are low milk producer and hard working multipurpose animal.
Yaks are magnificent animals that are pleasant to watch or spend time with.
Yaks are mammals.
Yaks are members of the bovine family.
Yaks are more expensive.
Yaks are of medium size for a bovine.
Yaks are originally from the Himalayas, Tibet, Mongolia, and Northern China.
Yaks are pack animals.
Yaks are poppular in the cold regions of Mongolia and considered as a kind of ox.
Yaks are pretty strong animals.
Yaks are quiet.
Yaks are seasonal breeders with mating and conception restricted in the warm season.
Yaks are sure-footed in nature.
Yaks are talk.
Yaks are the only livestock, which thrive at high altitude.
Yaks are ubiquitous as are takin on higher slopes.
Yaks are very easy to fence, requiring no special consideration.
Yaks are very rare.
Yaks are very tough animals that are resistant to diseases and are extremely winter hardy.
Yaks benefit from shade or a cool pond in hot summers.
Yaks develop characteristics.
Yaks draw attention of passersby, who often wonder what they are.
Yaks eat any bodily fluid.
Yaks eat as third as much as cattle and are kinder to the range.
Yaks graze areas.
Yaks graze diverse vegetation.
Yaks graze grass.
Yaks graze long grass.
Yaks graze on alpine meadows.
Yaks graze on alpine steppes.
Yaks graze on grass.
Yaks graze on meadows.
Yaks graze on steppes.
Yaks graze vegetation.
Yaks have (part) brains.
Yaks have (part) breasts.
Yaks have (part) cannon bones.
Yaks have (part) cell membranes.
Yaks have (part) cells.
Yaks have (part) chest cavities.
Yaks have (part) chests.
Yaks have (part) corpi.
Yaks have (part) cytoplasm.
Yaks have (part) ears.
Yaks have (part) faces.
Yaks have (part) heads.
Yaks have (part) hip sockets.
Yaks have (part) hoofs.
Yaks have (part) nuclei.
Yaks have (part) piluses.
Yaks have (part) plasma membranes.
Yaks have (part) rib cages.
Yaks have (part) second stomachs.
Yaks have (part) sections.
Yaks have (part) skulls.
Yaks have (part) sterna.
Yaks have (part) vacuoles.
Yaks have a dense undercoat of soft, close-matted hair, which is covered by outer hair.
Yaks have a massive, low-slung body, a huge hump on their shoulders, and hoofed feet.
Yaks have a natural high resistance to diseases.
Yaks have blood.
Yaks have body length.
Yaks have brown coats.
Yaks have capacity.
Yaks have characteristics.
Yaks have chests.
Yaks have coats.
Yaks have density.
Yaks have enormous tails.
Yaks have few sweat glands.
Yaks have glands.
Yaks have gorgeous large curved horns, which are found in both sexes.
Yaks have hoofs.
Yaks have horns.
Yaks have intestines.
Yaks have large chests.
Yaks have length.
Yaks have long, upward curled horns that are located on the each side of the head.
Yaks have lungs.
Yaks have milk.
Yaks have mouths.
Yaks have ranges.
Yaks have ribs.
Yaks have shaggy coats.
Yaks have skin.
Yaks have small, vigorous calves with no birthing problems.
Yaks have stomachs.
Yaks have sweat glands.
Yaks have tails.
Yaks have the right of way.
Yaks have thick skin.
Yaks have thoraxes.
Yaks have vertebrae.
Yaks lie quietly at night.
Yaks live for years.
Yaks live in areas.
Yaks live in different regions.
Yaks live in regions.
Yaks live in the high bleak plateaus and mountains of central Asia.
Yaks live in the mountains in Nepal.
Yaks live in tundra.
Yaks look a lot more like cows than mountain goats.
Yaks make grunt noise.
Yaks make ideal trekking companions.
Yaks make noise.
Yaks need nutrients.
Yaks possess great lung capacity so they can absorb more oxygen.
Yaks produce enough milk to support their offspring.
Yaks provide enough milk for their young, but harvesting milk for human consumption comes at a cost.
Yaks provide milk and milk products, meat, fibre, and hides.
Yaks provide nomads with milk, meat, hair, wool, and hides.
Yaks provide transportation, milk and meat.
Yaks reach full growth at six to eight years of age.
Yaks receive diets.
Yaks require a good source of water.
Yaks require no special fencing.
Yaks share habitats.
Yaks simply catch more waves and fish.
Yaks stay in areas.
Yaks survive few years.
Yaks survive years.
Yaks thrive in high elevations.
Yaks thrive on brush and marginal pasture as they are browsers and grazers.
Most yak cows carry calves.
Most yaks adapt to alpine regions.
Most yaks adapt to environments.
Most yaks adapt to extreme environments.
Most yaks adapt to himalayan regions.
Most yaks adapt to regions.
Most yaks develop characteristics.
Most yaks have blood.
Most yaks have body length.
Most yaks have brown coats.
Most yaks have capacity.
Most yaks have characteristics.
Most yaks have chests.
Most yaks have coats.
Most yaks have density.
Most yaks have enormous tails.
Most yaks have few sweat glands.
Most yaks have glands.
Most yaks have horns.
Most yaks have intestines.
Most yaks have large chests.
Most yaks have length.
Most yaks have lungs.
Most yaks have milk.
Most yaks have mouths.
Most yaks have ranges.
Most yaks have ribs.
Most yaks have shaggy coats.
Most yaks have skin.
Most yaks have sweat glands.
Most yaks have tails.
Most yaks have thick skin.
Most yaks have thoraxes.
Most yaks have vertebrae.
Most yaks live for years.
Most yaks live in areas.
Most yaks live in different regions.
Most yaks live in regions.
Most yaks live in tundra.
Most yaks make grunt noise.
Most yaks make noise.
Most yaks receive diets.
Most yaks stay in areas.
Most yaks survive few years.
Some yaks avoid plants.
Some yaks belong to families.
Some yaks belong to same cow families.
Some yaks have brown color.
Some yaks have cattle.
Some yaks have color.
Some yaks have feet.
Some yaks have fur.
Some yaks have honey color.
Some yaks have retention.
Some yaks infect with diseases.
Some yaks inhabit alpine tundra.
Some yaks live in distinct zones.
Some yaks live in zones.
Some yaks lose weight.
Some yaks take places.
Yakutian food is remarkably delicious and nutritious.
A yakuza is a gangster
Yakuza are very much part of everyday life.
Yakuza learn the best times to conjole, threaten, bribe, or persuade people.
Yakuza operate the conections.
Yakuza takes care of the misfits in the society.
Yakuzas are gangsters.
Yakuzas are organized crime.
All yakuza have tattoos, identifying their family and rank.
Yall shirts are ill.
Yam is a vine
Yam is part of yam.
Yam is root vegetables.
Yam is roots.
Yam is sweet potato.
Yam is tubers.
Yam is vegetables.
Yam is vines.
Yams are a vegetable native to Africa.
Yams are available year-round.
Yams are different than sweet potato.
Yams are from Mars.
Yams are modified root tissue from the plant.
Yams are native to tropical regions throughout the world.
Yams are quite nutritious and low in fat.
Yams are risky.
Yams are sweet vegetables that grow underground.
Yams belong to several genera including Dioscorea.
Yams come from Africa while sweet potatoes are from Asia.
Yams come with a white flesh and texture, similar to a turnip.
Yams have a brown peel that looks like the bark of a tree.
Yams have a very specific life cycle.
Yams produce a compound that is used by the pharmaceutical industry to produce progestogens.
Yams require hot, moist weather and a long growing season.
Yams require up to a full year of frost free weather and heat.
Most yams contain an acrid principle that is dissipated in cooking.
Some yams are sweet, some are tasteless, and others are bitter.
Some yams do contain a sapogenin called diosgenin that is used to manufacture progesterone.
Some yams do contain a sapogenin called diosgenin.
Yamaha recorder has similar graphs both of CDs of normal and low quality, but they are too uneven.
Yamahas suspension rules the trails.
Yamamoto tubes come in about ten colors, and they are all good.
Yamanashi prefecture is next to west of Tokyo.
YAML texts are brief and readable.
Yanks are the poorer for it.
Yanks battle each other in north Queensland.
Yanks can be glad it s over over there.
Yanks come with curry to make a nice, salty, late-night snack.
Yanks dont knoad what theys started.
Yanks eventually take cover in a farmhouse and barn near dense woods.
Yanks have, mistaking Numbers for letters.
Yanks look alike, a neat reversal of the normal racist cliche.
Yanks stumble about.
Yanks understand who exactly is playing.
Yanks use asterisks.
Yapese men wear the traditional bright loin cloths and women are in grass skirts.
A yard sale is a sale
Most yard sales use legal tender to promote the transfer of property.
All yard waste is recycled to compost.
All yard waste is to be placed at curbside in clear plastic bags which have been properly tied.
Any yard waste generated by a private contractor is the responsibility of the contractor.
A yard is a linear measure
Yard isa field.
Yard isa unit.
Yards are a good place to start, but they're only the tip of the iceberg.
Yards are a primitive, simple people.
Yards are almost non-existent.
Yards are enclosures.
Yards are fields.
Yards are films.
Yards are green from the rain, and some structure cracks are narrowing on their own.
Yards are landscapeds.
Yards are lawns.
Yards are located in cities.
Yards are located in houses.
Yards are located in housing development.
Yards are located in neighborhoods.
Yards are located in properties.
Yards are located in subdivisions.
Yards are part of chain.
Yards are part of leas.
Yards are part of perchs.
Yards are part of rods.
Yards are part of sailing vessels.
Yards are shafts.
Yards are smaller.
Yards are spars.
Yards are thick with red hibiscus and lush sea grape bushes.
Yards are tidy and landscaped.
Yards are tracts.
Yards are units of measurement.
Yards are used for family gathering.
Yards are used for measuring.
Yards are used for playing games.
Yards are used for playing.
Yards are used for storage.
Yards are well landscaped and carefully maintained.
Yards become walled compounds.
Yards can be formal or informal.
Yards Give each child a large sheet of white paper to make a map of their yard at home.
Yards have (part) fts.
Yards have (part) inches.
Yards have a printed or computerized data base that cross-matches parts.
Yards have mature trees.
Yards have several microclimates.
Yards is only one part of the formula.
Yards live in tribal groups.
Yards make great gifts.
Yards originate from the days when people traveled by coach and horses.
Yards provide habitats.
Yards provide nest habitats.
Yards serve many purposes.
Yards show strong individuality of expression and creative improvisation.
All yards listed are from the mens tees.
All yards produce waste from pruning, lawn mowing and other routine plant care activities.
Any yard is fair game.
Every yard counts.
Every yard has grass, leaves, other green materials, or woody materials that can be made into mulch.
Every yard has some areas that are more protected than others.
Every yard has warmer and colder spots or micro-climates.
Every yard is inspected upon receipt and reviewed again as it is cut for shipment.
Every yard is still hand printed and hand dyed and dried under the Bahamian sun.
Every yard needs a few worms to work up the soil and keep it fertile.
Every yard needs an oak tree.
Many yards have lights all over the house, giving the lane an almost Las Vegas-like look.
Many yards take only fifteen to twenty minutes to polish off.
Most yards are part of rods.
Most yards are too open, mostly tall trees and short grass.
Most yards have a tree of some sort in front of it, so people have berry trees.
Most yards offer feed and cattle financing.
Most yards provide habitats.
Most yards provide nest habitats.
Most yards recommend repacking the stuffing box every two or three years.
Some yards affect areas.
Some yards are full of kids.
Some yards are near streams.
Some yards are surrounded by orchards.
Some yards contain deadly poison.
Some yards contain poison.
Some yards have animals.
Some yards have division.
Some yards have small trees.
Some yards have trees.
Some yards receive games.
Some yards surround weather stations.
Yardage markers are discrete yet clearly visible and consistent.
Yardage measurements are to the center of the green.
Yardarm foot rails.
A yardbird is a recruit
Yardbirds downloads Everyone seem to all hill, arrived into an slip, while blame about an morning.
A yardmaster is a dispatcher
Yardmasters have a number of decisions to make about how to handle traffic that is in their yard.
A yardstick is a standard
Yardsticks Let the children measure things around the room with a yardstick.
A yarmulke is a cap
Yarmulkes come in many shapes, colors and designs.
Yarn is a report
Yarn is located in cabinets.
Yarn is made of wool.
Yarns can have a high or a low twist.
Yarns specifically chosen with knitters and crocheters in mind are plentiful.
Yarns spun by other methods are similar in size.
Yarns utilized include wool, cotton, rayon, rayon chenille, and occasionally metallic.
Yarns vary in size and shape, both of which have an effect on the appearance of the fabric.
Most yarn is used to meet household needs for ropes, mats, bags, sacks, jackets or waistcoats.
Some yarns are made from a blend of several kinds of fibers .
Some yarns are made from a blend of several kinds of fibers.
Yarrow capsules are available in drugstores and health food stores.
Yarrow flowers are long-lasting cut flowers and can also be dried.
Yarrow lotion is an infusion made from the flowers and is a good cleanser for oily skin.
Yarrow tea can minimize bleeding.
Yarrow tea is a good blood builder and general tonic.
Yarrow tea is a good remedy for severe colds and is useful in the commencement of fevers.
Yarrow tea is a good remedy for severe colds, especially when taken just at the start of a fever.
Yarrow tea is a traditional Native American diaphoretic remedy to treat fevers and colds.
Yarrow tea made with flowering stems is said to be beneficial to oily skin.
A yarrow is a herb
Yarrow guides readers from basic strokes and court movement to specific shots and strategies.
Yarrow lowers blood pressure by dilating the peripheral vessels.
Yarrow lowers blood pressure due to a dilation of the peripheral vessels.
Yarrow reduces inflammation and calms irritated skin.
Yarrow stimulates the uterine muscles, so avoid using it during pregnancy.
Yarrow yields a huge payoff for a plant that asks for so little.
Yarrows are also good for cut flowers.
Yarrows are fairly fail-safe plants, as are asters, which bloom in the fall.
Yarrows rebloom after cutting and can be used both fresh and dried.
Many yarrows do well here.
Some yarrows are among the plants imparting a disagreeable taste to milk when grazed by cows.
Yasur volcano is small tuff cone and attracts a small tourist business.
Yautja lungs take up oxygen more efficiently then human lungs.
Yautja skin is reptilian in origin, although at first they appear to have no scales.
Yaw motion is controlled by the vertical stabilizer and the rudder.
Yaw does, however, support raises for public employee union members.
Yaw is a turn
Yaw works as a computer technician and assistant network administrator.
A yawn is a reflex
Yawns are a different sound altogether.
Yawns are exhalation.
Yawns are motivated by the goal of tireds.
Yawns are reflexs.
Yawns become contagious to people between the first and second years of life.
Yawns seem to occur most often soon after waking and about an about before bedtime.
Yazzo records are the best in the world.
YCSI accounts operate on shared resources.
Yea thou performst it now.
Year Books are alos published on the site.
Year Books begin.
Every year books cost more and more.
Year cicadas have development.
Year drought creates conditions.
Year drought creates ideal conditions.
Year experience provides solutions.
Year Four features NEW and firm filing requirements.
Year groups plan in teams, provision being made with in the contact week for collaborative planning.
All year groups welcome.
Every year millions die of starvation or from a lack of medicine.
Years of coverage are subject to change without notice.
Years of coverage varies witht the title.
Years of coverage varies.
Years of coverage vary among the types of documents in the database.
Years of coverage vary among types of documents included in the database.
Years of coverage vary by title.
Years of coverage vary for each title.
Years of coverage vary from paper to paper.
Years of coverage vary per title.
Years of coverage vary with different titles.
Years of coverage vary with each newspaper.
Years of coverage vary.
Years of manufacture are approximate .
Year one is comprised of introductory courses for all students.
Year one is the Uniform Series Amount.
Year one provides a solid foundation in electronics and computer fundamentals.
Year round floating is available on the scenic springfed rivers in the Ozarks.
Year round personalized tours for small groups are available by appointmentonly.
All Year Round -Visit our web site for hours.
A year is a period
Year accept off an skin otherwise completed clemson clothes.
Year alone is also acceptable.
Year begins on order date.
Year born is an optional field.
YEAR Call to Order.
Year can be in ascending or descending order.
Year can be two or four numbers.
YEAR Click the map above to open it up in a new window in a larger, printable format.
Year closes with world seething with discontent and strife.
Year contains the year.
Year denotes year of membership.
Year designates eligibility in the fall.
Year displays a list of decades that, when selected, list the decade's years.
Year Displays the years in the manure management plan.
Year end financial statements.
Year end tax statements to all owners.
Year Enter the year .
Year following model name is the approximate introduction date.
Year following name indicates expiration of term.
YEAR identifies the census year of the case.
Year indicates last year in college.
Year indicates player's first year in Durham.
Year indicates the year when the varsity letter was awarded.
YEAR is an A, circling around then coming down on top of an open B hand.
Year is an ambiguous unit as years are of varying length.
Year is an optional field.
Year is any integer.
Year is approx.
Year is both an index and a restrictor.
Year is defined as the past twelve months to date.
Year is followed by a colon to separate it from the page numbers.
Year is followed by month and day.
Year is from inspection stamp inside.
Year is gone, seems like five.
Year is listed in parentheses, followed by month and date if newspaper or magazine article.
Year is minimal.
YEAR is repeated on household records.
YEAR is repeated on person records.
Year is the epoch at which the magnetic field is evaluated for trapped proton calculations.
Year is the year of publication found to the left of the sheet number.
Year is the year of the meeting, general in late summer.
Year is the year of the meeting.
Year is the year.
Year is unknown.
Year is year that formal evaluations began.
Year isa period.
Year Listed below are the years the democracy promotion grants have been made.
Year listed is year cable went into operation, with given available capacity.
Year means a calendar year.
Year means the taxable year of the company.
Year means the year of completion or intended completion if known.
Year modules eg.
Year parallels year with uncanny precision.
Year passes quietly.
Year Plan to rebuild loss capacity in research, teaching and extension.
YEAR presents the results in chronological order.
Year published is the year the book was published or revised.
Year ranges The default year range is the current year.
YEAR refers to the year the article or book was published.
Year refers to year of ocean entry for smolts.
Year round a park environmental education specialist offers campfire programs and guided walks.
Year round safaris to any of Kenyan park is available.
Year round two bedroom home, close to lake and downtown fun.
YEAR searches for the four-digit year of publication.
Year shown in the center is the one being displayed.
Year sown beside an skin otherwise accept Retail volleyball equipment.
Year then make, and model.
Year trim off set to the side.
Year Use the down arrow in the text box to change the year of the currently active farm.
Year varies by data source.
Years add flavor, To remember and savor.
Years alone are relatively easy to calculate.
Years are brief compared to millenniums eternal.
Years are broken down into months and weeks.
Years are dates.
Years are days.
Years are decades.
Years are fairly straightforward.
Years are first, but the rest is wrong.
Years are from the start to the end of their career.
Years are mixed, especially in early years.
Years are months.
Years are no measure in themselves of relevance, utility or of significance.
Years are part of decades.
Years are state fiscal years.
Years are time periods.
Years are time.
Years are weeks.
Years are years.
Years arrow forward.
Year's at the spring.
Years become a decade, decades become a century, and centuries become a millennium.
Years begin on different days of the week.
Years beginning with P are similar to BCE in Earth reckoning.
Years can be two or four digits.
Years can elapse between the actual date of an incident and the time that a claim is presented.
Years can go by and nothing can happen.
Years can go by, the longer the better.
Years can only improve the flavour of friends thus preserved.
Years can pass before coral growth recovers.
Years can warp the meaning of a lot things over such a span of time.
Years come and go so quickly, stop worrying about the future and live for the moment.
Years come and go, so also pleasure and pain.
Years come and go.
Years come and years go.
Years come before numbers.
Years compulsory- none.
Years covered by each database varies but most go back at least ten years.
Years covered vary from circuit to circuit.
Years do count.
Years dont make the matter any better.
Years encrusted with bitterness make change inordinately tough.
Years fly away, time changes but loving couples stay eternal symbols of our worldly happiness.
Years fly by as short as weeks used to be.
Years given are the year of the last month of the season.
Years go by all too quickly.
Years go by and everyone just assumes the bridge is strong and safe.
Years go by and nothing changes.
Years go by and the grudge deepens into hate.
Years go by and there is little intrusion of the peculiar into daily life.
Years go by until the two meet again.
Years go by, and the case appears unsolvable.
Years go by, and the girls grow into responsible young women, still with the love of donkeys.
Years go by, and the sources are silent.
Years go by.
Years go from left to right across the page.
Years go passing day by day.
Years grow, colors change.
Years have a way of erasing some things that are very important.
Years have effects.
Years have four digits.
Years have little effects.
Years have mild winters have steadily increased snook populations around the area.
Years have nothing to do with our existence.
Years have past.
Years indicate babies' birth years.
Years indicate when indexing of each magazine began.
Years invested in infrastructure can vanish in sudden conflict.
Years is a more likely time frame.
Years is only incidental.
Years is the range of the number of years of full-time service.
Years know more than books.
Years later syphilis enters the third stage.
Years lead up to death.
Years lead up to events.
Years listed along the bottom represent the fiscal year.
Years listed behind the site name indicate when the data was collected.
Years listed refer to each song's initial release and airplay.
Years owned by the library appear immediately after the call number.
Years pass and happenstance entwines, enriching the tapestry of our town.
Years pass and Marina grows into a beautiful and intelligent young lady.
Years pass and the danger of mines laid in Egypt s territory still exists.
Years pass and the happiness they knew is only a memory.
Years pass and the names and stories fade outside their families.
Years pass and the pattern repeats many times.
Years pass and the police remain baffled.
Years pass and the tales told over drinks at the yacht club bar become increasingly embellished.
Years pass between each letter of every word.
Years pass by and the people are living in poverty and pain.
Years pass by with every step through the museum.
Years pass by.
Years pass while Vajra meditates and is instructed.
Years pass with many successes and some failures.
Years pass without their so much as exchanging a kiss.
Years pass, and children become more independent.
Years pass, and it returns, each bout worse than the last.
Years pass, and many of the older animals die off.
Years pass, and the company which began in a garage seems destined to return there.
Years pass, and the gang splits up.
Years pass, and the O-group s bond of friendship disintegrates.
Years pass, and the pillar spreads itself out, a defense above the unmoving sanctuary.
Years pass, as the stream to the river, to the lake, to the ocean.
Years pass, bad photos linger on walls, in albums, a name printed on the back.
Years pass, but at last it draweth near.
Years pass, but nothing ever improves.
Years pass, but the act remains substantially the same.
Years pass, but the two friends remain in touch.
Years pass, the children grow old, the day comes when they have to open their father's box.
Years relate to Indian financial years.
Years represents the number of years a teacher has been employed in the public school system.
Years run together.
Years see death.
Years see economic growth.
Years see global growth.
Years see growth.
Years see significant growth.
Years see slow global economic growth.
Years see slow growth.
Years seem to become shorter, birthdays seem to fall closer together.
Years seem to fly by.
Years shown are calendar years.
Years shown are dates of birth when known.
Years shown are next elections.
Years shown are years of election.
Years shown in color are the better vintages.
Years signify the year in which the conference took place.
Years skip around as local justices of the peace offically recorded past marriages.
Years slip away.
Years when shown as two digits refer to the twentieth century, ie.
Years wrap up with accomplishments noted and failures carefully catalogued.
Years wrinkle the face, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
Years wrinkle the skin, but lack of enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
Years wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
Years wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm, wrinkles the soul.
Years wrinkle the skin, but to give up our enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
Years often pass before the victim discloses the crime.
Years sometimes pass without rain falling.
All year are available in print.
All year long is better for some things.
All year round intensive courses with preparation for all leading external examinations.
All year round people store food to have from one season to another.
All year round the city hums with activity.
All year round the city is alive with various events and attractions.
All year round the city offers a comprehensive calendar of festivities and cultural activities.
All year round the city offers weekend events.
All year start dates and choice of programs, lots of cultural activities and much more.
All year there are holidays and holy days each backed by centuries of tradition.
All years are available on microfilm at Albany-area libraries.
All years are available.
All years are eligible.
All years are estimates.
All years are fiscal years.
All years are in litigation, appeals or protest.
All years are open in fraud action.
All years are significant, but some seem more transformative than others.
All years are water-year years and all amounts are in inches.
All years are welcome and female participation is strongly encouraged.
All years are welcome.
All years are, but the beginnings of that time seemed more dramatic and more important.
All Years Below are links to some of the largest sets of surname data available for searching.
All years cited in discussion of Tax Freedom Day are calendar.
All years continue to be stored as four digits.
All years contribute to the final degree classification with increasing weight up to the final year.
All years have a place index and the majority also have surname indexes.
All years have a place index.
All years have summaries and stats.
All years have their own rugby divisions.
All years makes and models welcome.
All years refer to the year of death.
All years relate to academic years.
All Years Use the BACK button to return.
All years welcome.
Any year is good to discover one of the most important writers of the century.
Any year is great for birding in Texas.
Any year is okay.
Every year adds a new chapter to our story.
Every year albatross chicks in Hawaii die from ingested plastics.
Every year bears encounter humans, especially near garbage dumps and fish drying racks.
Every year begins a millennium.
Every year begins with the planning of a new exhibit.
Every year brings a brand new group of children and a whole new set of dynamics.
Every year brings a clean slate.
Every year brings a new and tough level of competition.
Every year brings a resurgence of interest.
Every year brings about different challenges.
Every year brings another wave of major failures in morality, character, and spirituality.
Every year brings change in dynamic organisations.
Every year brings changes to the laws which affect the work place.
Every year brings more riders and new adventures.
Every year brings more sophisticated storm warning systems.
Every year brings more success as our young men prove themselves against all competitors.
Every year brings new and different vehicles and people together to compete.
Every year brings new fun, great food and fellowship.
Every year brings new teachers and other staff members.
Every year brings on a new fashion, a new habit, a new religion.
Every year brings out new and upgraded components that are touted as boosting speed and endurance.
Every year brings powerful eclipses, each of which reveal changes in the consciousness of humanity.
Every year brings pressures for change.
Every year brings similar stories.
Every year brings some new toys for the backyard chef.
Every year brings something new.
Every year brings the yearly cost down more.
Every year brings updates, upgrades and new software packages.
Every year brings wonders.
Every year buy a new ornament for each child.
Every year does seem to go by more quickly.
Every year droughts, wars, and natural disasters leave millions destitute.
Every year finds sport increasing in popularity in Lyon.
Every year finds the wheel better and cheaper than it was the year before.
Every year forests the size of Switzerland are being lost.
Every year gets a little easier.
Every year gets better and better.
Every year gets better.
Every year gets bigger and better, well, maybe too noisy too.
Every year gets bigger and better.
Every year has a Chinese name rather than a number.
Every year has a different label, each bearing a design commissioned by a leading artist.
Every year has a folder with a subfolder for the semester, and a predetermined set of other folders.
Every year has a set of breakout performances.
Every year has a theme that shapes the structure of the program.
Every year has a theme, which determines the tone of the festivities.
Every year has a wild card.
Every year has been sold out, so please register early.
Every year has it's own set of laughs and cries.
Every year has surprise teams, both winners and losers.
Every Year Heading Description Please feel free to add events of interest to the community at large.
Every Year Heading Description Please include time, place, details and contact information.
Every year holds a new element of change.
Every year holds the chance to learn.
Every year increasing handwashing can prevent many childhood infections.
Every year involves beginning again and repeating the same events and seasons.
Every year is a bit different.
Every year is a different story.
Every year is a different year.
Every year is a little different.
Every year is a new beginning.
Every year is a new challenge.
Every year is a new pool of applicants.
Every year is a new year to learn and experiment.
Every year is a new year.
Every year is an adventure.
Every year is an exciting experience.
Every year is an experience, and every year is different.
Every year is better than the one before.
Every year is better than the year before.
Every year is different and every day is a surprise.
Every year is different from the last.
Every year is different from the previous.
Every year is different in so many ways.
Every year is different, and each presents a new set of circumstances.
Every year is different, depending on rainfall levels.
Every year is different, even if only a little bit.
Every year is different, every race is different.
Every year is different, of course.
Every year is different, which is why wine making is such a constant and fascinating challenge.
Every year is different.
Every year is fresh and new through their eyes.
Every year is important.
Every year is just different.
Every year is kind of a triumph.
Every year is long and full of surprises.
Every year is more exciting and more rewarding.
Every year is new.
Every year is probably as good as the last with roughly the same ratio of good and bad output.
Every year is represented by a picture, sometimes by two or three.
Every year is represented by an animal.
Every year is so different as a player.
Every year is so different.
Every year is somewhat different.
Every year is sweeter than the last.
Every year is the same thing.
Every year is the same.
Every year is the year of something or other.
Every year is too often.
Every year is tough.
Every year is treated as a New Year and a new applicant pool.
Every year is unique.
Every year leaves a mark now, an indelible written stain.
Every year lingusists induct new English words into the dictionaries.
Every year looks the same as another.
Every year loves it.
Every year more is rebuilt here, which means that every year more is lost.
Every year move each family of crops to a new bed.
Every year offers different challenges.
Every year offers the opportunity for students to complete coursework in Italy.
Every year promises to bring an exciting assortment.
Every year puffins over-winter out on the ocean.
Every year pupils in the senior school conduct a science investigation.
Every year repot the plant in a container that is one or two inches larger.
Every year retirees from the wildland firefighting community return to support fires.
Every year seems to be different than the one before and to some extent they are different.
Every year seems to bring more and more laws, more regulations and more burdens upon our freedom.
Every year seems to get better.
Every year seems to have a new buzzword or hot term.
Every year seems to produce new annuals published by touts.
Every year sees at least one book that more or less steals the show .
Every year sees more and more 'mountain challenges'.
Every year sees more tinkering, more refiguring, more responsiveness to changes in the epidemic.
Every year sees new advances in helping women become pregnant and experience safe, full-term births.
Every year sees new products from every manufacturer.
Every year sees publication of new favorites.
Every year sees the launch of technological phenomena.
Every year sees the trek of newcomers to Hollywood just in time for pilot season.
Every year spend some time with it and do a little more to help it.
Every year supplies new evidence for the essential truthfulness of it.
Every year termites cause billions of dollars in damage.
Every year there are a certain number of people who are badly bitten or killed by dogs.
Every year there are a few big projects.
Every year there are a few cases of suicide associated with the flu.
Every year there are a few kings caught right up in the surf.
Every year there are a few more added to the schedule.
Every year there are a few students who are unable to write the term test at the scheduled times.
Every year there are a number of celebrations in Geneva.
Every year there are a number of educational and entertaining activities.
Every year there are a number of Turkish cultural and scholarly events on campus.
Every year there are a small handful of people who ruin it for everyone.
Every year there are accidents in which toddlers drown in garden ponds.
Every year there are an alarming number of farm related injuries nation-wide.
Every year there are at least a dozen international conferences on human rights.
Every year there are big hurricanes which ruin the landscape and the feeding trees.
Every year there are bird counts that anyone can get involved in.
Every year there are changes made to the bus numbers, routes and drivers.
Every year there are close games and exciting finishes.
Every year there are countless billions of words written about how to lose weight.
Every year there are deaths caused by carbon monoxide.
Every year there are deaths in Alaska due to avalanches.
Every year there are differences in growing time due to climatic variations.
Every year there are different farms or businesses they go to.
Every year there are distractions.
Every year there are dozens of pitchers who either get hurt or are thevictims of a lack of support.
Every year there are drownings and severe injuries due to panic or anger in the water.
Every year there are elections held in the summer term.
Every year there are fires in residences.
Every year there are group and solo performances by campers, too.
Every year there are horror stories.
Every year there are hot new teams and even some veteran teams that are seeking sponsors.
Every year there are huge amounts of money lost to credit card fraud.
Every year there are hundreds of people who lose their vision as a result of firework injuries.
Every year there are hundreds of stray animals dropped around the county.
Every year there are local festivals on the trail.
Every year there are many artistic, economic and sporting events.
Every year there are many exchanges of researchers and students between the Netherlands and Japan.
Every year there are many faires throughout California.
Every year there are many humanities and science students who are looking for a career in business.
Every year there are many training programs for the directors of student clubs.
Every year there are measle outbreaks here.
Every year there are minor changes in the strains that are found in the population.
Every year there are more and more children going to school.
Every year there are more and more choices.
Every year there are more and more products flooding the market claiming to be the best.
Every year there are more and more women in racing.
Every year there are more challenges plus more work.
Every year there are more endangered species.
Every year there are more opportunities for youth groups to build character skills.
Every year there are more problems like dyslexia, more names and types of problems.
Every year there are more states.
Every year there are more successes than before.
Every year there are more than a million runaway and homeless young people.
Every year there are more than enough toys to go around.
Every year there are new adventures and new cultures to experience and the students are the key.
Every year there are new and interesting crafts available for campers to create.
Every year there are new entrants to the labour market.
Every year there are new players coming in.
Every year there are new pranks which oftentimes tricks gullible individuals.
Every year there are new products on the market that promise better and bigger catches.
Every year there are new rules.
Every year there are new teaching methodologies and assessments available to teachers.
Every year there are numerous accidents between pedestrians and vehicles.
Every year there are numerous changes in the coaching fraternity.
Every year there are numerous collisions in which pedestrians are injured by motor vehicles.
Every year there are numerous incidents involving high school athletics and young people drinking.
Every year there are numerous, highly qualified students who apply for scholarships.
Every year there are people in B.C. who are seriously injured by fireworks.
Every year there are people renewing old acquaintance.
Every year there are players who become viable fantasy stars because they are motivated by winning.
Every year there are problems at that corner.
Every year there are productions in which students of all ages can take part.
Every year there are questions about pine, spruce, and other evergreens turning brown in the spring.
Every year there are reports of people sustaining horrific injuries as a result of their ignorance.
Every year there are scholars from Latin America conducting research here.
Every year there are several movies that have the potential for an Oscar.
Every year there are several productions.
Every year there are several victims of gas- and explosive shells.
Every year there are short-term mission trips to Mexico, Romania, and the Dominican Republic.
Every year there are some tough luck stories at the district level.
Every year there are special, educational activities that are becoming school traditions.
Every year there are stories in the local papers about someone who's fallen over a cliff.
Every year there are structural collapses which have the potential to cause serious accidents.
Every year there are students from over a hundred such countries.
Every year there are students with ideas for new groups.
Every year there are surprises.
Every year there are themes that run through the festival.
Every year there are thousands of dental consultations in New Zealand.
Every year there are thousands of reports of assault and ill-treatment by police officers.
Every year there are tremendous costs incurred in terms of human suffering and cold hard cash.
Every year there are try-outs and only twelve make it.
Every year there are two million uses of firearms for self-defense.
Every year there are two or three prized in anatomy.
Every year there are two to seven eclipses of the sun and moon.
Every year there are various summer tours arranged by professors.
Every year there is a battle to adequately fund the program.
Every year there is a big tow truck beauty show - talk about nice trucks.
Every year there is a chess competition for micronations to play in.
Every year there is a competition for amatuer bands of musicians playing any kind of folk music.
Every year there is a competition in California to see who is the best in the United States.
Every year there is a 'dark horse' team that makes the playoffs.
Every year there is a delegation composed of former accompaniers and interested new participants.
Every year there is a different catalogue that is colorful and fun to look at.
Every year there is a different resolution for high school policy debate.
Every year there is a festival, because at that time the cherry crop has end.
Every year there is a focus on a country and musical instrument.
Every year there is a fractal art contest.
Every year there is a geography bee held.
Every year there is a get-together of Silver Jubilee batches.
Every year there is a little revival of the dead.
Every year there is a local county fair with a rodeo.
Every year there is a lottery to determine most of the entries and thousands are turned away.
Every year there is a maturing process.
Every year there is a meeting of the Bishops with representatives from each congregation.
Every year there is a movie released that pushes the three hour mark.
Every year there is a national chess championship held in Baku.
Every year there is a National Convention.
Every year there is a new colour range, new shapes and sizes.
Every year there is a new document required by law to protect either the buyer or seller.
Every year there is a new generation of punkers.
Every year there is a professorial lecture given by an internationally renowned surgeon.
Every year there is a review.
Every year there is a seminar for the computerisation of libraries which includes CD-ROM networking.
Every year there is a shortage of tickets.
Every year there is a theme for the discussions.
Every year there is a theme selected and the activities revolve around the theme.
Every year there is a theme that is usually connected to a book or movie.
Every year there is a theme.
Every year there is a tour of the United States.
Every year there is a town festival and there is a job fair as part of that.
Every year there is a winter concert and a spring concert where all of the groups perform.
Every year there is a WQS contest in Virginia Beach.
Every year there is also a mystery quilt with installment directions in successive issues.
Every year there is an annual rodeo held here in Southeastern Idaho.
Every year there is an enormous parade that is televised around the state.
Every year there is an increase in the effects of global warming.
Every year there is an international conference devoted to it.
Every year there is an order put into our college bookstore to order jackets.
Every year there is another TV extravaganza on the subject.
Every year there is concern about pine needles turning brown and dropping to the ground.
Every year there is growth.
Every year there is less and less space.
Every year there is massive civil disobecence at the base calling for it to be shut down.
Every year there is one conference just for women.
Every year there is one odd title that receives far too much glory from the press.
Every year there is one player who has to be given props for shining more than others.
Every year there is one TV picture that strikes people's hearts.
Every year there is sidewalk chalkings.
Every year there is some confusion about what courses qualify as upper-level electives.
Every year there is something different, something appealing.
Every year there is something new for visitors to experience - no two Tel.
Every year there is something new.
Every year there is talk on how to improve it, but nothing ever truly beneficial comes from it.
Every year there is the traditional gathering of sap from the trees.
Every year there s on almost every place of the world a partial eclipse.
Every year there seem to be major changes in the catfishing patterns around the lake.
Every year there seems to be a bolter, a slider and an unexpected improver.
Every year there seems to be a new catchword for methods to improve manufacturing.
Every year there seems to be a new place being discovered.
Every year there seems to be one good, one painful, and one brilliant production.
Every year there seems to be one movie that everyone has to see.
Every year there'd be some changes made in something.
Every year there's a different high-profile national dispute over counting itself.
Every year there's a huge club downtown, called Memorial Day Massive .
Every year there's a lot of new games released onto the market to choose from.
Every year there's a new cast of guys.
Every year there's a new culinary style on the scene.
Every year there's a new struggle.
Every year there's a new thrilling encounter with nature.
Every year there's a rivalry of some sort.
Every year there's a sentimental favorite.
Every year there's a traffic jam of last-minute taxpayers in front of the downtown post office.
Every year there's an accident that takes someone's life.
Every year there's an institutional web manager's conference for uk universities.
Every year there's an unwritten competition among the staff to dream up the neatest idea.
Every year there's some new challenge.
Every year there's something new and amazing to see.
Every year theses teams go deep into the playoffs.
Every year tourists drown.
Every year TVAC investigates current topics of volunteer activities.
Every year's a new beginning.
Many years are a blank.
Many years are available elsewhere in Poland and Germany.
Many years are drier than average, and some years receive only half or less the long-term average.
Many years are likely to pass before all nodes in the Internet are updated to run such software.
Many years can pass and the resting embryos remain stable even without water.
Many years experience and many satisfied customers.
Many years experience as rock and jazz musician and composer for radio plays.
Many years experience dealing with all the Major and Independent labels.
Many years experience in classical ballet and musical theatre.
Many years experience in classical ballet, muscial theatre, and special events.
Many years experience in electronic circuit design, repair, and customer support.
Many years experience in national and local charities.
Many years experience in scientific research.
Many years experience in the industry.
Many years experience on beam line projects.
Many years experience working with builders.
Many years experience working with horses.
Many years experience.
Many years have multiple versions.
Many years have past since the wars of the West Coast peoples.
Many years have past since then.
Many years look like old junkyards dotted with cars, parts, tires and even old refrigerators.
Many years pass .
Many years pass and Earth fails to bomb itself back into the stone age.
Many years pass before more photographs taken at the beach appear.
Many years pass before the few hatchlings that survive reach maturity.
Many years pass, and everyone learns costly lessons.
Many years pass, and the pigs have learned to walk upright, carry whips, and wear clothes.
Many years pass, and the two friends do almost everything together.
Many years pass.
More years go by.
More years pass.
More years wend by.
Most years also list volume and open interest by contract.
Most years are indeed good, but some are excellent.
Most years are interpolated, so use with caution if at all.
Most years have a year-end cumulative index.
Most years have an annual author index.
Most years have effects.
Most years have full name indexes.
Most years have little effects.
Most years have twelve months, but some years have thirteen.
Most years have two or three no hitters.
Most years lead up to death.
Most years lead up to events.
Most years see death.
Most years see economic growth.
Most years see global growth.
Most years see growth.
Most years see higher demand for students than the program graduates.
Most years see phenomenal amounts of the stuff.
Most years see significant growth.
Most years see slow global economic growth.
Most years see slow growth.
Most years there are many generations of the pest.
Most years there is a light snow fall during the winter months.
Most years there is a waiting list.
Most years there is also a Road Trip that involves several days of travel.
Most years there is no snow at all along the trail.
Most years there's something imperceptible about spring turning into summer in the city.
Some years also have action indexes.
Some years also show the minutes of the meetings.
Some years are a bumper crop.
Some years are available in Microfilm and some are available in print.
Some years are available, please ask for free list.
Some years are bad, some days are bad.
Some years are bad.
Some years are better berry-picking years than others.
Some years are better than others so please feel free to call to see how the year in progressing.
Some years are better than others, including much of what's been said here.
Some years are better than others.
Some years are chillier than others.
Some years are complete.
Some years are even rainless.
Some years are feast years, with bumper crops, some years are famine years.
Some years are good for hawk migration in fall.
Some years are good years, and some are lousy.
Some years are good years, others are poor years.
Some years are good, some are bad.
Some years are good.
Some years are great and some are total losses.
Some years are hotter than other years.
Some years are incomplete an the film.
Some years are incomplete due to missing issues.
Some years are incomplete or missing.
Some years are incomplete.
Some years are like that.
Some years are more difficult than others.
Some years are out of print, some have very few and prices vary.
Some years are part of centuries.
Some years are part of decades.
Some years are part of fiftieses.
Some years are particularly rough if a winning album has a lot of people working on it.
Some years are very active years, some are transitional, some are apathetic.
Some years are worse than others.
Some years are worse that others.
Some years are, of course, more eventful than others.
Some years bring more snowies than others.
Some years bring wealth.
Some years can be wide open.
Some years can use factory fill.
Some years contain data by broad academic discipline, race, age or residence status.
Some years experience as consultant is appreciated.
Some years follow death.
Some years follow wildfires.
Some years have an extra quinta.
Some years have no season at all.
Some years have none, but there can be as many as three in one year.
Some years have tides that are notably higher than other years.
Some years just seem to stick out in our collective memory.
Some years pass without freezes occurring.
Some years pass.
Some years produce more hurricanes than others.
Some years produce wines with very high levels of tannin.
Some years provide better food supply than others.
Some years see exceptionally high healthcare spending while others see comparatively little.
Some years slips quietly into history.
Some years stand out as stellar in terms of music.
Some years take more management than others.
Some years there appears to be more brown needles than other years.
Some years there are masses of bilberries and cranberries.
Some years there are related events such as a flower show at a historic home.
Some years there are scarcely any to be seen up north.
Some years there is a school carnival.
Some years there is heavy egg mortality in egg masses above the snow line.
Some years there is only a dim light season.
Some years there is snow on the nearby mountains, but none at sea level.
Some years there's lots.
Yearbook journalism is for college-bound students.
Yearbook photography is much clearer than last year, with a bigger staff.
Yearbook print is included in ALL packages if ordered early.
Yearbook production has no room for slackers .
Yearbook production is a seasonal business.
Yearbook production is a study of the organization of a school yearbook.
A yearbook is a reference
Yearbook allows students the opportunity to work on and complete the school yearbook.
Yearbook are available separately.
Yearbook can be one of the best experiences for a student.
Yearbook contains international statistical information on labor by country.
Yearbook is a class that meets during the school day and writes and publishes the Nautilus .
Yearbook is a class that meets during the school day.
Yearbook is a hands-on production course.
Yearbook is a two semester course with the specific outcome being the production of the yearbook.
Yearbook is a year long commitment to excellence.
Yearbook is already underway.
Yearbook is an organization that plans the format for producing the senior yearbook.
Yearbook is available on the website.
Yearbook is now available.
Yearbook is now on sale.
Yearbook smiles to be specific.
Yearbook takes up most of it.
Yearbooks are a great way to remember.
Yearbooks are also a good source to find the events of a year.
Yearbooks are also available.
Yearbooks are always a welcome addition to the archives.
Yearbooks are available through the athletics department and at various locations on campus.
Yearbooks are books.
Yearbooks are great sources of history.
Yearbooks are important primary source documents.
Yearbooks are in.
Yearbooks are interesting collectibles.
Yearbooks are lame.
Yearbooks are located in trunks.
Yearbooks are now on sale.
Yearbooks are often available at the school where they originated.
Yearbooks are on sale every day in the main office.
Yearbooks are on sale.
Yearbooks are optional.
Yearbooks are small printed or mimeographed booklets which outline the club's meetings for the year.
Yearbooks are still on sale, but the supply is limited.
Yearbooks contain lists of current and retired missionaries.
Yearbooks contain lists of missionaries and annual reports of mission work.
Yearbooks contain lists of missionaries.
Yearbooks contain timelines by subject, country, subject or specialized area.
Yearbooks Covers the latest developments within every country with a privatisation programme.
Yearbooks form the ultimate clinical library.
Yearbooks go on sale today for one week only.
Yearbooks Learn about past years within STWing.
Yearbooks limit themselves to a single year.
Yearbooks never change.
Yearbooks sit on shelves collecting dust.
Yearbooks Stay cool.
Yearbooks often focus on a specific group or topic.
Every yearbook is a window into the past.
Yearlong commitment is flexible.
Yearlong fishing is available for a variety of warm water fish as well as cold water species.
Yearly accounts are pro-rated at the full quarterly subscription rate.
Yearly analysis is based on unadjusted employment data.
Yearly applications are typical.
Yearly borrowing is limited to the cost of attendance less other financial assistance.
Every yearly calendar focuses on a different environmental aspect of the Gulf.
Yearly cattle drive and branding.
Yearly circuits take the minister north, south and west in approximately three-year cycles.
Yearly contact is required with a biennial renewal process.
Yearly contracts are available for all the above materials.
Yearly customs can accomplish the same end.
Yearly dues are payable with tuition each semester.
Yearly dues vary depending on the number of players carrying the membership.
Yearly elections determine the filling of positions.
Yearly emphasis is determined by course rotation on a tri-annual basis.
Yearly enrollment consists of five to seven students in residence and three to four on internships.
Yearly events are the spring and autumn birdtours, and summer butterflytours.
Yearly exams pick up preinvasive and invasive cervical cancers.
Yearly examinations enable early cancer detection for the best possible cure.
Yearly fee covers software updates and technical support.
Yearly fee covers storage of postcards and images on server and accesses to site.
Yearly fee covers unlimited testing, analysis, and hiring recommendations.
Yearly fee does apply.
Yearly fees apply.
Yearly fees are affordable.
Yearly fees suck.
Yearly feedback is provided by the department chairman.
Yearly floods bring soil rich in nutrients to the Nile Valley.
Yearly grade is lowered one complete letter grade.
Yearly increases are less than the national rate of inflation.
Yearly increments exist.
Yearly inspections can reduce the potential for problems.
Yearly inventory reports.
Yearly investments are subject to change at renewal.
Yearly Leaders xv.
Yearly leases are available.
Many yearly leases call for monthly payments.
Yearly leisure passes also available.
Yearly limit is the cost of education minus any other assistance received.
Yearly lockers are also available at a slightly reduced cost.
Yearly mean temperature ranges from cs.
Yearly meetings appoint committees to carry out concerns dealing with the testimonies.
Yearly membership begins from the date payment is received.
Yearly memberships are also available.
Yearly memberships are available for both individuals and families, residents and non-residents.
Yearly memberships are available.
Yearly monitoring is required.
Yearly occupancy runs above fifty percent and varies little year to year.
Yearly outcomes are available on request.
Yearly passes are also available.
Yearly passes are available by a seniority system.
Yearly passes are available for students, artists, adults, families, sponsors, patrons and more.
Yearly passes are available.
Yearly payments are only available by check.
Yearly periods run from the date of signup to the same date in subsequent years.
Yearly picnics are a definite possibility.
Yearly productions range from traditional opera and operetta to musical theater.
Yearly purchases depend on the needs of government administration.
Yearly qualification includes protective mask firing.
Yearly rainfall is high and sometimes extremely excessive in Mobile.
Yearly raises are automatic.
Yearly rates are also available.
Yearly rates are for four consecutive placements.
Yearly recognition contributes to maintaining quality.
Yearly renewal assures hospital personnel that the document is up to date.
Yearly renewal is based on student achievement, attendance and discipline record.
Yearly renewal requires only the fee be supplied.
Yearly renewals are available through any in-state issuing agent.
Yearly rental includes free winter storage if needed.
Yearly rentals can occur at an time, but are still subject to the cleanout and renewal period.
Yearly scholarships are also available to high school seniors who submit applications.
Yearly scientists discover thousands of new insect species.
Yearly servicing is required.
Yearly stocking keeps population of channel catfish.
Yearly subscriptions are also available.
Yearly subscriptions are available for yearly fee.
Yearly summaries provide insight into large-scale trends.
Yearly supplements are available.
Yearly temperature ranges from cs.
Yearly temperatures chart plotting averages.
Yearly testing is easy and painless.
Yearly testing is recommended.
Yearly training is conducted with the outside local fire brigade.
Yearly tuition can run thousands of dollars less, while still receiving a quality education.
Yearly tuition increases.
Yearly updates are also available .
Yearly updates are free with purchase of the directory.
Yearly updates can alleviate a lot of unnecessary, time-consuming IT work.
Yearly usage is the sum of monthly usage.
Yearly vaccination is essential.
Yearly vaccinations are crucial for cats and dogs.
Yearly vaccinations are required.
Yearly values are drainage-wide averages calculated from all study sites available for each year.
Yearly verification is required.
Yearly vigilance is required.
Yearly visits are nice, of course, but it's undeniable that much is being missed.
Yearly visits can detect vision changes as well as any other unseen problems.
Some yearly workshops attract experts.
Some yearly workshops attract international experts.
Year-'round comfort is maintained automatically by a thermostat in the living room.
Yeast breads rise more quickly.
Yeast cells adapt internal osmolarity by altering their glycerol content.
Yeast cells are an example.
Yeast cells are easy to transform.
Yeast cells are eukaryotic and are more similar to human cells than bacteria.
Yeast cells are medium size with thick walls.
Yeast cells are relatively simple.
Yeast cells are relatively small.
Yeast cells can produce alcohol and carbon dioxide under the same circumstances.
Yeast cells carry out the process of cellular respiration as shown in the equation below.
Yeast cells change the structure of microtubule arrays through different phases of the cell cycle.
Yeast cells digest food to grow.
Yeast cells digest food to obtain energy for growth.
Yeast cells display a lag phase prior to an explosive period of division.
Yeast cells have a nucleus, cytoplasm and a membrane surrounded by a cell wall.
Yeast cells have an oval shape.
Yeast cells have multiple buds.
Yeast cells metabolize polysaccharides to form carbon dioxide gas and ethyl alcohol.
Yeast cells metabolize sugar and excrete carbon dioxide.
Yeast cells possess a helicase- making gene with a similar structure to the human gene.
Yeast cells respond to the presence of the chemicals by changing their shape.
Yeast cells seem to vary in shape, some look to be more oval and round, although.
Yeast culture has a long shelf life unlike live yeast products.
Yeast culture works by nurturing rumen microflora that convert feedstuffs to nutrients.
Yeast cultures increase the digestibility of fiber, phosphorus, and protein.
Yeast cultures tend to grow in smooth and sometimes shinny masses.
Yeast extract is a major ingredient in many proprietary yeast supplements.
Yeast extract is high in B-complex vitamins.
Yeast extract is the base of most dry broths and bouillons.
Yeast extract provides additional vitamins, amino acids, etc.
Yeast extract serves as the carbon and nitrogen source.
Yeast infection can also be due to other diseases like diabetes.
Yeast infection can get into the baby's eyes, too.
Yeast infection can produce redness or red bumps around the vulva.
Yeast infection is caused by a fungus.
Yeast infection is fungal infection.
Yeast infection is one of the common ways in which the vulva can be infected.
Yeast infection presents with a white curd-like, odourless discharge and itching.
Yeast infection presents with a white, cottage cheese-like, odorless discharge and itching.
Yeast infections are a common form of an inflammation of the vagina called vaginitis.
Yeast infections are a common form of vaginitis , an inflammation of the vagina.
Yeast infections are also common in certain people with diabetes .
Yeast infections are also more common in diabetic women, who's urine often is higher in sugar.
Yeast infections are bothersome and can be costly.
Yeast infections are caused by an overgrowth of fungus in the vagina known as Candida .
Yeast infections are common among women taking antibiotics.
Yeast infections are common, serious, and under-diagnosed.
Yeast infections are common, usually localized, infections of the vagina.
Yeast infections are fungal in nature, often developing on moist areas of the skin.
Yeast infections are highly treatable.
Yeast infections are mainly uncomfortable.
Yeast infections are more common after menopause.
Yeast infections are more common in children who are taking antibiotics.
Yeast infections are more likely to recur in warm climates.
Yeast infections are relatively common.
Yeast infections are the most common vulvar infection.
Yeast infections are treatable.
Yeast infections are usually easy to treat.
Yeast infections are very common and easily spread.
Yeast infections are very common in babies.
Yeast infections are very common.
Yeast infections can also affect infants.
Yeast infections can be very annoying.
Yeast infections can be very uncomfortable.
Yeast infections can cause an itchy or painful red rash on the skin.
Yeast infections can occur after a course of antibiotics.
Yeast infections can occur through non-sexual means as well.
Yeast infections cause fibroids of the uterus and breast.
Yeast infections have a definite odor and usually manifest with itching and burning.
Yeast infections have an opportunity to take hold when our body systems become imbalanced.
Yeast infections occur more frequently in women with diabetes.
Yeast infections occur more often in women who have weakened immune systems.
Yeast infections occur when the acid-base balance of the vagina is upset.
Yeast infections present a different clinical picture.
Yeast infections produce a thick, white vaginal discharge with the consistency of cottage cheese.
Yeast infections range from mild to serious and each needs to be treated differently.
Yeast infections tend to occur in warm moist enviornments.
Yeast infections tend to produce clumpy, white itchy discharge with very little odor.
Some yeast infection affects skin surfaces.
Some yeast infection affects surfaces.
Some yeast infections are due to food allergies .
Yeast nutrient helps the yeast to ferment more quickly.
Yeast nutrient is basically urea, though highly purified.
Yeast nutrient is cheap and keeps well.
Yeast nutrients improve performance.
Most yeast nutrients improve performance.
Yeast prions are unrelated to the mammalian prions, and don t harm humans or yeast.
Yeast transformation involves several steps.
Yeast also assists in improved digestive efficiency.
Yeast also gives flavor to the wine.
Yeast also lends itself well to inquiry-based classroom activities and research projects.
Yeast are a highly specialized sub-group and have little in common with molds an d other fungi.
Yeast are a natural part of a woman's vagina.
Yeast are a type of single-celled fungus that can have many uses.
Yeast are a type of unicellular fungus.
Yeast are also well-suited for biochemical analysis.
Yeast are always present in the vagina in small numbers, and symptoms only appear with overgrowth.
Yeast are available with high resistance to freezing, for example.
Yeast are in the fungi kingdom.
Yeast are microscopic fungi, single-cell organisms of the plant kingdom.
Yeast are microscopic, one celled organisms.
Yeast are microscopic, single-celled organisms that are classified in the family Fungi.
Yeast are organisms that naturally harbour plasmids.
Yeast are placed in huge vats of corn or other organic material.
Yeast are simple fungi.
Yeast are single-celled eukaryotic organisms related to fungi.
Yeast are the other morphological category of fungi.
Yeast are tiny organisms that normally live in small numbers on the skin and inside the vagina.
Yeast are unicellular fungi.
Yeast are, basically, the ecologist and the undertaker of life.
Yeast belongs to phyla.
Yeast can also completely desiccate and still live.
Yeast can also grow in the blood and cause a very serious infection.
Yeast can also occasionally cause respiratory infections.
Yeast can attack sugary foods such as fruit and jam and cause spoilage.
Yeast can be a controversial item.
Yeast can be a tricky little critter.
Yeast can be man-made, called cultured yeasts, or they can be wild yeasts.
Yeast can be quite reliable and has very low startup costs.
Yeast can break down some compounds to make others.
Yeast can create territorial poisons to mark their turf, called antibiotics.
Yeast can ferment and leaven a dough only within certain pH limits.
Yeast can ferment and leaven dough only within certain pH limits.
Yeast can follow glycolysis with alcohol fermentation.
Yeast can indeed be germs.
Yeast can make bread rise.
Yeast can only ferment maltose and simpler sugars.
Yeast can reproduce by budding.
Yeast can reproduce by producing a bud.
Yeast can respire in both ways.
Yeast can turn into a deadly pathogen causing infection.
Yeast carries out fermentation to produce alcohol from sugar.
Yeast catalyzes the breakdown of hydrogen peroxide into oxygen and water.
Yeast causes a tiny volume of dough to expand to a remarkable size.
Yeast causes candidiasis.
Yeast causes intense itching with a cheesy, dry discharge.
Yeast causes the conversion of sugar into alcohol and carbon dioxide.
Yeast causes the wort to ferment.
Yeast combines great size with the potential to get even bigger, speed, and all-around athleticism.
Yeast comes across as fruitiness and effervescence.
Yeast comes in hundreds of varieties, but beer is most commonly made with ale yeast or lager yeast.
Yeast commonly grow as single cells and are useful in the production of wines, beers, and bread.
Yeast comprises tiny organisms that reproduce both ways, sexually and asexually.
Yeast consumes sugar.
Yeast consumes the sugar and converts it to alcohol and carbon dioxide.
Yeast contains small nuclear RNAs encoded by single copy genes.
Yeast create the wine by metabolizing the grape sugars.
Yeast digests sugar in the wort producing alcohol.
Yeast does all the work of making alcohol and carbon dioxide out of malt sugars.
Yeast eat the sugar in wort and create alcohol as a by-product.
Yeast eats sugar and produces ethanol and carbon dioxide, yeast is the unicellular form.
Yeast eats the sugar and converts it to alcohol and carbon dioxide.
Yeast enzymes respond to the living micro-organisms in the body where they metabolize readily.
Yeast exhibits growth.
Yeast exist in two mating types, a and .
Yeast exists naturally as part of a normal, healthy, vagina.
Yeast extract A water soluble preparation extracted from common yeast.
Yeast feeds off sugar and the only way to keep it at bay is to starve it.
Yeast feeds on sugar, but most commercial yeast can do just fine without it.
Yeast feeds on sugar.
Yeast ferments sugars into alcohol and carbon dioxides gas.
Yeast flourish on all types of sugars and simple carbohydrates.
Yeast grow better in the presence of oxygen because they can completely oxidize the sugar.
Yeast grow in typical creamy wet convex colonies.
Yeast grow on sugar and produce carbon dioxide.
Yeast grow well in warm, moist areas.
Yeast grows better when at least half the flour is added before any oils or salt.
Yeast grows quickly in water that feels a little warm.
Yeast has a thick white cottage-cheese discharge and red vulva.
Yeast has ethanol productivity.
Yeast has productivity.
Yeast have a cell wall, like plant cells, but no chloroplasts.
Yeast have many advantages as a genetic research tool.
Yeast have simple nutritional needs.
Yeast have the remarkable ability to live as either haploids or diploids.
Yeast helps bread rise and beer ferment.
Yeast is a catalyst for the decomposition that produces oxygen.
Yeast is a common leavening agent.
Yeast is a decomposer.
Yeast is a fungus that feeds on sugars.
Yeast is a fungus that reproduces asexually.
Yeast is a fungus.
Yeast is a general term for single-celled fungi that reproduce by budding.
Yeast is a good example.
Yeast is a heterotroph.
Yeast is a kind of fungus.
Yeast is a little guy but tough.
Yeast is a living creature, metabolizing, reproducing, and living off the ingredients in the beer.
Yeast is a living fungus that is used in baking.
Yeast is a living organism which feeds on sugar.
Yeast is a living organism with a finite life expectancy.
Yeast is a living organism.
Yeast is a living plant.
Yeast is a living, microscopic fungus.
Yeast is a major ingredient in many pet food products.
Yeast is a microscopic organism.
Yeast is a naturally living, beneficial micro-organism.
Yeast is a naturally occurring micro- organism, of which their are several varieties or strains.
Yeast is a naturally rich source of proteins, amino acids, minerals and B-complex vitamins.
Yeast is a naturally rich source of proteins, minerals and B-complex vitamins.
Yeast is a normal inhabitant of the intestines of healthy men and women and the vagina in women.
Yeast is a nuisance infection.
Yeast is a one celled microorganism of the fungus type.
Yeast is a one-celled fungi that reproduces or grows in the presence of certain foods.
Yeast is a one-celled fungus which converts sugar to carbon dioxide gas.
Yeast is a one-celled plant.
Yeast is a plant, according to the biologists, and is capable of reproducing itself.
Yeast is a probiotic.
Yeast is a simple, one-celled plant.
Yeast is a single celled organism that is used in the fermentation process.
Yeast is a single-cell eukaryote that produces carbon dioxide.
Yeast is a single-celled organism that breaks down sugars into alcohol and carbon dioxide.
Yeast is a single-celled organism, a type of fungus.
Yeast is a source of betaglucan , which is considered a good antioxidant.
Yeast is a term for single-celled fungi.
Yeast is a tiny life form that grows quickly under the right conditions.
Yeast is a unicellular fungus important in baking and brewing.
Yeast is a unicellular fungus.
Yeast is a unicellular plant.
Yeast is a very common vaginal infection.
Yeast is a very general term, and covers a broad range of unicellular fungi.
Yeast is a very powerful research tool.
Yeast is a very simple single-celled organism.
Yeast is actually a living organism.
Yeast is actually a type of fungus related to mushrooms.
Yeast is added and fermentation takes place.
Yeast is added and it is time to ferment the beer.
Yeast is added and the mixture is placed into barrels to produce alcohol.
Yeast is added and the whole mixture goes through the fermentation process.
Yeast is added before bottling to create a bottle conditioned maturation.
Yeast is added convering fermentable sugars into alcohol.
Yeast is added here, and fermentation begins.
Yeast is added in the fermenter and the beer is then pumped to a bright beer tank for aging.
Yeast is added or 'pitched' into the wort in order to start fermentation.
Yeast is added to agitate the maltose, converting it to alcohol.
Yeast is added to bread to make it rise by producing millions of tiny bubbles of carbon dioxide.
Yeast is added to ferment the sugars into alcohol and carbon dioxide.
Yeast is added to turn the natural sugar into alcohol.
Yeast is added.
Yeast is airborne throughout a bakery, and sticks to work surfaces, aprons and bakery equipment.
Yeast is alive.
Yeast is also a fungus, and gives off carbon dioxide as it grows.
Yeast is also a fungus, producing pathogenic and non-pathogenic manifestations.
Yeast is also a popular organism for studying genetics.
Yeast is also a source of various enzymes.
Yeast is also good food.
Yeast is also the final component that determines the flavor of the beer.
Yeast is always present in the female body.
Yeast is an airborne mold and goes everywhere in the building.
Yeast is an ancient leavening, brewing, fermenting agent is a single celled microscopic fungus.
Yeast is an example of a single celled fungi.
Yeast is an example.
Yeast is an organism that ferments .
Yeast is an organism that ferments.
Yeast is an organism that is normally found in the vagina.
Yeast is an ovoid or spherical unicellular microscopic fungus .
Yeast is an unicellular organism and oval in shape.
Yeast is available in liquid and dry form, but dry yeast is much easier for small producers to use.
Yeast is by far the most common type of organism found in a diaper rash.
Yeast is by far the most common type of organism found in a perineal rash.
Yeast is common example, and it is fed sugar during the process.
Yeast is diagnosed with an examination, swab test and the use of a microscope.
Yeast is difficult to kill and requires a concentrated effort to cure the infection.
Yeast is dissolved in the warm water.
Yeast is dropped for the bakery from a small plane.
Yeast is fairly neutral, and accentuates malt profile quite well.
Yeast is found in the air and on many surfaces but it requires a special environment to grow.
Yeast is funguses.
Yeast is in everyone's body.
Yeast is just one example of a single-cell eukaryotic organism.
Yeast is leavening
Yeast is less likely to flourish in a dry environment.
Yeast is microorganisms.
Yeast is mixed in the molasses.
Yeast is naturally present as an airborne organism just about everywhere on earth.
Yeast is needed for the fermentation of wine, beers and other alcoholic drinks.
Yeast is needed to activate the fermenation of the beer.
Yeast is neither all good nor all bad.
Yeast is normally found in the vagina, it only causes problems when it overgrows.
Yeast is normally present in a healthy vagina and thrives in that warm, moist environment.
Yeast is now cultured using water, sugar, and other nutrients in large fermentation chambers.
Yeast is nutritious and in small amounts gives bread a good yeasty flavor.
Yeast is one of the earliest domesticated organisms.
Yeast is one of the essential ingredients in bread production.
Yeast is one of the most fascinating living things.
Yeast is one of the most important microorganisms known and utilised by mankind.
Yeast is only one leavening agent that can be used in making breads.
Yeast is our example of asexual reproduction.
Yeast is our one-bedroom house.
Yeast is pitched into open copper vessels, but the wort remains there only during the lag phase.
Yeast is present everywhere in our environment.
Yeast is probably the simplest organism that ages.
Yeast is really easy to grow.
Yeast is recaptured for use in future brews.
Yeast is required.
Yeast is responsible for making bread rise.
Yeast is responsible for notifying the process model interpreter whenever an event occurs.
Yeast is rich in protein.
Yeast is said to have first been noticed when an Egyptian bread maker was making bread for the king.
Yeast is single-celled, and reproduces either sexually or asexually.
Yeast is the basis for many vitamin and mineral preparations.
Yeast is the enzyme that breaks down the sugars into alcohol and carbon dioxide.
Yeast is the heart of the breadmaking process.
Yeast is the microorganism that is responsible for fermentation in beer.
Yeast is the most important ingredient in beer brewing.
Yeast is the most persnickety part of wine.
Yeast is the most prevalent infection, which causes vaginal itching.
Yeast is the name given to a very diverse group of single-celled fungi.
Yeast is the natural substance that enables beer to be fermented.
Yeast is the organism that makes the whole process work.
Yeast is the primary rising ingredient in bread.
Yeast is the usual object of filtration.
Yeast is treated with vaginal creams, ovules or with oral medication.
Yeast is turned into soup.
Yeast is unicellular, while mold is multicellular.
Yeast is used as a model to teach some of the more actively researched areas of cell biology.
Yeast is used for commercial production of breads, pastries and cakes in baking industries.
Yeast is used for fermentation, converting the sugars of the grain to alcohol.
Yeast is used in bread baking.
Yeast is used in fermenting wine, soybeans and fruit juices.
Yeast is used in making wine and other alcoholic drinks, and for making bread.
Yeast is used in the Bible as an illustration of the invisible power of sin.
Yeast is used to leaven bread and produce ethyl alcohol for making beer and wine.
Yeast is used to make an alcoholic beverage.
Yeast is used to make bread and alcoholic drinks.
Yeast is used to make bread rise.
Yeast is used usefully to make alcohol.
Yeast is valuable because it helps make bread and beer.
Yeast isa matter.
Yeast likes to be fed sugar and flour before drowning it in other liquid.
Yeast likes to live on sugar the most.
Yeast live on sugar.
Yeast loves and feeds off of sugar.
Yeast make berry sweet sugar substitute.
Yeast makes beer.
Yeast makes beignets airy and light.
Yeast makes bread dough rise because it is a live single-celled organism.
Yeast makes bread rise and helps develop the flavor.
Yeast makes bubbles in the dough.
Yeast makes carbon dioxide gas that acts as a leavening agent.
Yeast makes carbon dioxide.
Yeast makes the bread rise.
Yeast makes the difference between manna and miracles.
Yeast metabolize sugars into carbon dioxide and ethyl alcohol.
Yeast mixes with water.
Yeast naturally occurs in everyone in minute harmless amounts.
Yeast needs a warm environment to make bread rise.
Yeast needs for fermentation.
Yeast needs for proper fermentation.
Yeast needs moisture to survive.
Yeast needs oxygen to reproduce and produce strong cell walls.
Yeast needs some initial oxygen in order to get a good start.
Yeast needs sugar in which to ferment, but too much can kill it.
Yeast normally grows in the vagina and also in the anus.
Yeast occurs primarily in women because the vaginal area is a warm moist environment.
Yeast offers the advantage of being highly amenable to genetic manipulation and analysis.
Yeast only causes problems when it grows too rapidly.
Yeast prefer an acidic environment.
Yeast prefers water to milk.
Yeast produce characteristic creamy, opaque, pasty colonies on the surface of culture media.
Yeast produces alcohol as a natural byproduct.
Yeast produces fermentation which cancer needs to feed off of.
Yeast provides a global space of events that is visible to and shared by all users.
Yeast provides a useful system for drug testing in several ways.
Yeast provides vitamins for bacterial growth.
Yeast Put on dough program of bread machine or knead by hand and let rise till double.
Yeast refers to any non-filamentous fungus.
Yeast releases carbon dioxide and water as it metabolizes sugar.
Yeast represent the decomposers present in sewage and natural waters.
Yeast represents a good example of a facultative aerobe.
Yeast reproduce by the process budding.
Yeast requires a warm, wet, environment and a food source to multiply and thrive.
Yeast requires the gluten to bind it well.
Yeast respires both aerobically and anaerobically.
Yeast risen dough has the perfect texture that every home baker desires.
Yeast rises and limewater is present.
Yeast strains for scientific research only, samples without commercial value.
Yeast takes longer time to rise than chemical leavening agents.
Yeast thrive in a warm, humid environment.
Yeast thrive on sugars.
Yeast use a similar mechanism to obtain iron.
Yeast use budding as their form of reproduction, which can also be viewed in the lab.
Yeasts are a family of fungi closely related to molds.
Yeasts are a part of our everyday lives.
Yeasts are a source of B vitamins.
Yeasts are a unicellular growth form.
Yeasts are able to grow in a more acid environment compared to bacteria.
Yeasts are also ascomycetes.
Yeasts are also good model organism for studying the evolution of multicellularity.
Yeasts are also usually one cell, but they are larger than bacteria.
Yeasts are bacteria which have a type of cell division called budding.
Yeasts are easy to work with in the laboratory.
Yeasts are eukaryotes, sharing the same superkingdom as humans.
Yeasts are even more important in food production.
Yeasts are examples of an organism that reproduce by budding.
Yeasts are found in the Basidiomycota and Ascomycota.
Yeasts are fungi and related to mushrooms.
Yeasts are fungi.
Yeasts are important for bread, beer, wine.
Yeasts are important in making bread rise.
Yeasts are important in the preparation of foods such as bread.
Yeasts are important organisms in the production of alcoholic beverages and in the making of bread.
Yeasts are intermediate, being faculative anaerobes .
Yeasts are microscopic fungi capable of fermenting different carbohydrates.
Yeasts are much larger than bacteria.
Yeasts are of two kinds.
Yeasts are oval, unicellular fungi that reproduce by budding.
Yeasts are oval-shaped and slightly larger than bacteria.
Yeasts are parasitic organisms that absorb our nutrients and produce toxic waste.
Yeasts are part of the group fungii.
Yeasts are passed from adult beetles to larvae in various ways.
Yeasts are pretty cool little creatures.
Yeasts are responsible for turning the wort into beer through a process of fermentation.
Yeasts are single celled organisms that are ubiquitous in our environment.
Yeasts are single celled organisms that fall under the family of 'fungus'.
Yeasts are single celled organisms that live mainly in waterlogged anaerobic soils.
Yeasts are single cells that divide to form clusters.
Yeasts are single-celled fungi .
Yeasts are single-celled fungi.
Yeasts are single-celled organisms.
Yeasts are small, lemon-shaped single cells that are about the same size as red blood cells.
Yeasts are still single celled organisms like the bacteria.
Yeasts are types of fungi.
Yeasts are unicellular , which are eukaryotes.
Yeasts are unicellular eucaryotes .
Yeasts are unicellular organisms, normally ovoid or spherical in shape.
Yeasts are unicellular, all others have septate hyphae.
Yeasts are unicellular, but they can clump together to form chains of cells.
Yeasts are used in making bread, wine, beer and solvents.
Yeasts are used in production of bread and liquor.
Yeasts are useful in the making of bread and fermented drinks.
Yeasts belong to a group called fungi.
Yeasts can cause foods to ferment.
Yeasts can gain energy from oxygen and sugar . .
Yeasts can gain energy from oxygen and sugar. .
Yeasts can go on a rampage until things get back to normal.
Yeasts can grow in the presence or absence of air.
Yeasts can grow on plants or animals without the host even knowing.
Yeasts can provoke a number of reactions in some people, particularly skin disorders.
Yeasts can use a variety of organic nitrogen compounds, including urea and various amino acids.
Yeasts commonly reproduce asexually by a process called budding .
Yeasts commonly reproduce by asexual budding in which a small protuberance is pushed from the cell.
Yeasts continue to be important causes of nosocomial bloodstream infections.
Yeasts eat sugar, they burp carbon dioxide and they pee alcohol.
Yeasts feed on sugar.
Yeasts ferment the sugar in the dough, producing ethanol and carbon dioxide.
Yeasts form a subtype of fungus characterised by clusters of round or oval cells.
Yeasts form tiny buds that break off and grow into larger cells.
Yeasts grow by budding or fission and hyphae grow apically and branch laterally.
Yeasts have no spores because they are single celled.
Yeasts live a very simple life, they eat sugars and they give off carbon dioxide as they breathe.
Yeasts live almost everywhere, including on the skin and in the mouth, vagina, and intestinal tract.
Yeasts live as small, individual cells, between the size of bacteria and our own cells.
Yeasts live in liquid or moist habitats.
Yeasts live on sugar and simple carbohydrates.
Yeasts love dark, moist, warm places, thrive in sweet environments, and multiply very rapidly.
Yeasts make alcohol, so if silage smells like alcohol, many yeast are present.
Yeasts produce alcohol which is also toxic.
Yeasts produce antibiotics and recycle nutrients.
Yeasts produce carbon dioxide to expand the structure, such as dough for bread baking.
Yeasts provide a useful system for drug testing in several ways.
Yeasts reproduce asexually through budding and sexually through the formation of ascospores.
Yeasts reproduce both sexually and asexually, but the latter is more common.
Yeasts reproduce by an asexual process called budding .
Yeasts reproduce by forming spores or by budding.
Yeasts reproduce most when they have ideal conditions.
Yeasts show narrow-base budding and characteristic variation in size.
Yeasts tend to cause fungemia as well as focal involvement of skin and other sites.
Yeasts use fruit sugars as a substrate for cellular respiration.
Yeasts use sugar and flour as a substrate to produce alcohol and carbon dioxide in fermentation.
Yeast often conjures up the world of baking in people's minds.
Yeasts usually reproduce by a. symetric binary fission.
Many yeasts infos.
Many yeasts produce alcohol, but cultured wine yeasts make the best wine.
Most yeast belongs to phyla.
Most yeast causes candidiasis.
Most yeast has ethanol productivity.
Most yeast has productivity.
Most yeasts have affinities to Ascomycota, but a small percentage have affinities to Basidiomycota.
Some yeast adds to dough.
Some yeast attracts pests.
Some yeast becomes hormones.
Some yeast can switch gender completely.
Some yeast candidas cause infection.
Some yeast causes diseases.
Some yeast causes fungal pneumonia.
Some yeast causes gases.
Some yeast causes infection.
Some yeast causes intestinal problems.
Some yeast causes pneumonia.
Some yeast causes problems.
Some yeast causes vaginal infection.
Some yeast consumes food.
Some yeast contains fish oil.
Some yeast contains oil.
Some yeast grows in gastrointestinal tracts.
Some yeast grows in intestinal tracts.
Some yeast grows in tracts.
Some yeast has applications.
Some yeast has issues.
Some yeast has particle size.
Some yeast has size.
Some yeast has small particle size.
Some yeast has small size.
Some yeast has underlie issues.
Some yeast participates in sexual reproduction.
Some yeast produces acid.
Some yeast produces ethanols.
Some yeast produces lactic acid.
Some yeasts are psychrophilic, and so they can grow at relatively low temperatures.
Some yeasts cause problems for humans.
Some yeasts form buds that fail to detach themselves.
Yeasted bread rises because yeast gives off carbon dioxide as it metabolizes sugars in the dough.
Yeerk pools are generally very large and elaborate.
Yell County is also home to many cattle operations, and several row-crop production farms.
Yelloow gate is for car stop.
Yellow accents add life to a design.
Yellow alert means that an eruption is likely within months.
Yellow alerts identify potential problems or suggested additional taxpayer attention.
Yellow alfalfa is common in both established and new seedings.
Yellow algae grows on the shady side of the pool, in corners, behind ladders and above the light.
Yellow amber is a hard, translucent, yellow, orange, or brown fossil resin from evergreen trees.
Yellow andradite is considered a separate variety called topazolite.
Yellow animals vary from light cream to fox red.
Some yellow anthers attract insect pollinators.
Some yellow anthers attract pollinators.
Yellow aphids are characteristically yellow in appearance.
Yellow aphids can be a problem, and young trees are slow to come into production.
Some yellow aphids feed on surfaces.
Yellow area contributes positively, while orange area contributes negatively.
Yellow area denotes most favored area for dendritic growth, graupel and riming.
Yellow area stands for arsenic bronze , while grey area stands for tin bronze .
Yellow areas are marginally unstable.
Yellow areas are presumed visual cortex, green areas are presumed auditory cortex.
Yellow areas are topographic maps only.
Yellow areas combine minerals with both absorption features.
Yellow areas correspond to urban centres.
Yellow areas indicate live microbes on the surface of high quality humus particles.
Yellow areas indicate wetlands that have a low capacity to sorb dissolved phosphate.
Yellow areas indicate wetlands that have a low capacity to sorb micronutrients or heavy metals.
Yellow areas represent current expansion.
Yellow arrow indicates future otic vesicle expression.
Yellow arrow indicates spinal cord staining.
Yellow arrows highlight a germinal center with lymphocyte proliferation.
Yellow arrows indicate developmental and physiological changes.
Yellow arrows indicate sources.
Yellow arrows outline a column of disparate nevus cells in continuity with the epidermis.
Yellow arrows point to columnar epithelial cells which are multilayered, hence hyperplastic.
Yellow arrows point to golden yellow adrenal cortex.
Yellow arrows point to hemorrhage separating the placenta from the basal endometrium.
Yellow arrows point to the insertion of the membranes.
Yellow arrows represent optimal flight path for image capture.
Yellow arrows show approximate paths of narwhal pods migrating south.
Most yellow arrows indicate sources.
Yellow arrowheads indicate cap cells posterior to TFs.
Yellow arsenic is a poor conductor of electricity and is soft and waxy.
Yellow arsenic is unstable and rare.
Yellow aspens contrast with the dark green pines, making autumn rides spectacular.
Yellow baboons feed on fruit.
Yellow baboons have cheek pouches.
Yellow baboons have pouches.
Most yellow baboons feed on fruit.
Most yellow baboons have cheek pouches.
Most yellow baboons have pouches.
Some yellow baboons have brow ridges.
Some yellow baboons have ridges.
Yellow baby roses with blue script and ribbon for boys.
Yellow background is successful, characters and uniforms are well designed.
Yellow backgrounds indicate storms reaching hurricane intensity.
Yellow ballots are for family memberships and blue ballots are for individual memberships.
Yellow balsam grows in marshy places and ditches.
Yellow bananas have a sweeter flavor and softer texture than green tipped bananas.
Yellow bands are easily distinguishable on the abdomen and wings are clear.
Yellow bands indicate calibrated one minute time intervals.
Yellow bands indicate calibrated one-minute time intervals.
Yellow bands speckle the leaves of zebra grass.
Yellow bars represent sentences that are important and therefore appear in the summary.
Yellow bass is a bony fish
Yellow bass prefer small minnows, crayfish and insects.
A yellow bean is a fresh bean
Yellow beans are perfect for pickling, as they'll retain their hue in vinegar.
Yellow beans mean it's time to sell.
Yellow beer is gross.
Yellow beryl is colored by iron, the golden variety by uranium oxide.
Yellow bins take packaging, blue ones take paper and cardboard.
Yellow birch grow in the northern half of Wisconsin on rich, moist soils in upland areas.
Yellow birch has a pale white sapwood and a darker reddish brown heartwood.
Yellow birch has a very fine shreddy bark that peels into small strips.
Yellow birch has abundant seed bearing catkins.
Yellow birch has white sapwood and light reddish-brown heartwood.
Yellow birch is a birch tree
Yellow birch is an attractive shade tree with golden-satin bark.
Yellow birch is birch.
Yellow birch is browsed by moose, white-tailed deer, and snowshoe hares.
Yellow birch is found all over upstate New York.
Yellow birch is the hardest birch and is quite hard.
Yellow bitterns are masters of disguise.
Yellow blazes mark the trail route.
Yellow blocks have yet to be processed.
Yellow blocks represent the mild and meat groups.
Yellow blooms appear in early summer.
Yellow blooms are small suns fallen to earth.
Some yellow blossoms turn into feathery seeds.
Some yellow blossoms turn into seeds.
Yellow blotches appear on old leaves.
Yellow boats are slow.
Yellow bombs explode below theatre marquees.
Yellow books are soo tasty.
Yellow booths are for international calls.
Yellow border trim with dark blue tassels.
Yellow box indicates new information.
Yellow boxes are mail queues or files.
Yellow boxes indicate the service passed the test with some kind of warning but is probably okay.
Yellow boxes represent individual program elements.
Yellow boxes show the location of three perspective views and the arrows show the look direction.
Yellow brass has a bright yellowish hue while bronze gives a more copper-like tone.
Yellow bubbles are the sister technologies being pursued for development.
Yellow buckeye is a large tree found in rich mesic woods in northern Alabama.
Yellow bugs are both old enough and strong enough to reproduce.
Yellow bullhead is also quite common.
Yellow bullheads are fish.
Yellow bullheads are less tolerant of harmful conditions than their cousins the brown bullheads.
Yellow bullheads are typically light yellow to olive-green on the back, often somewhat mottled.
Yellow butterflies flit from golden lantana bushes to the pink and white oleander blooms.
Every yellow butterfly sings.
Yellow cabs take actors on their way.
Yellow cake is converted into a gas for enrichment.
Yellow cards are low in carbohydrate and purple cards are high.
Yellow cards are more attractive to whiteflies than blue cards.
Yellow cards are submission moves.
Yellow cards are too good for the perpetrators of such offences.
Yellow caribe is nice to stuff, works well in salads, and makes a great garnish for relishes.
Yellow carrots contain xanthophylls, which keep eyes healthy and prevent lung and other cancers.
Yellow catfish are good on live bait.
Yellow catfish are good on perch and goldfish.
Yellow cedar is a cedar tree
Yellow cedar is very expensive and difficult to get out east.
Yellow cells contain equations.
Yellow cells have to be filled in before development is started.
Yellow cells indicate a class is in session.
Yellow cells indicate that the property has been tested with the latest version shown.
Yellow cells indicate that work is in progress.
Yellow cells indicate values in between.
Yellow centers are flat.
Yellow chromate offers a greater degree of protection from white corrosion than does clear chromate.
Yellow chromoplasts occur in carrot root and nas- turtium flower petals.
Yellow circle is the starting point of a projectile.
Yellow circles are the larger enamel knot inhibitory fields.
Yellow circles indicate that incomplete progress has been made.
Yellow circles represent the locations of QTVR panos.
Some yellow circles represent locations.
Yellow class is split into two for the literacy hour.
Yellow cloth backstrip over colorful pictorial boards, pictorial endpapers.
Yellow clothing is used instead.
Yellow clouds represent hydrophobic pockets.
Yellow collar is distinctive.
Yellow color ensures easy identification.
Yellow color indicates the presence of peroxides.
Yellow color is result of leading red veil followed the green veil.
Yellow color is there for visibility.
Yellow colors indicate negative tests, and brown colors or precipitates are indeterminate.
Yellow coloration depends on types.
Most yellow coloration depends on types.
Yellow coloring indicates a button that does something significant in the calculation.
Yellow colour indicates presence of phosphate.
Yellow colour is nice to wear in summer.
Yellow colour represents earth.
Some yellow colours have quite poor opacity compared to, for example, greys or pale blues.
Yellow columns gird the entrance and the reception area has a covered patio.
Yellow columns represent benchmark bonds which are to be reviewed every three months.
Yellow connections indicate intrachain disulfide linkages.
Yellow corn has higher vitamin A content than white corn.
Yellow corn is high in the eye-protectors lutein and zeaxanthin.
Yellow corn is the only cereal grain that contains significant amounts of carotene.
Yellow cornmeal has more vitamins than the white.
Yellow cornmeal has slightly more vitamin A than white.
Yellow cornmeal is the most common and is readily available at the supermarket.
Yellow crayons make great highlighters.
Yellow cultivars are also available.
Yellow curbs are parking spaces generally designated for commercial use.
Yellow curbs designate No Parking areas.
Yellow curbs designate no parking zones.
Yellow daffodils are especially attractive when planted under a white birch.
Yellow daisies have honeysuckle scent.
Yellow dates are safaris .
Yellow dates indicate availability of value dates.
Yellow dates indicate other activities.
Yellow days represent future scheduled readings.
Yellow deposits form under the retina.
Yellow discharge can stick the eyelids shut, especially in the morning.
Yellow distance indicates one way side trip distances.
A yellow dock is a herb
Yellow dock cleanses the blood and detoxifies the liver.
Yellow dock has a long history of domestic herbal use.
Yellow dock is a good source of iron.
Yellow dock is a well-known source of iron.
Yellow dock is effective as an itch treatment.
Yellow dock is recommended as a digestive aid only.
Yellow dock is valued even more so today as one of the best available sources of iron.
Yellow dog forces a hard turn near the sage but looses the jack in cover.
Yellow dot indicates issue still to be resolved.
Yellow dots are unidentified gamma-ray sources in the belt.
Yellow dots indicate a short route back to the trailhead.
Yellow dots indicate that certain foods are to be used with caution.
Yellow dots mark the junction stations and the flat lines mark the terminii.
Yellow dots mean rain and the funny squiggly symbol is a thunderstorm.
Yellow dots represent locations that are in development.
Yellow dots represent profile locations.
Yellow dots represent short-range pinning wells.
Yellow dots represent the individual plaques.
Yellow dots show approximate dive locations.
Yellow dots show events whose linkage to the focal event is known.
Yellow doubts decay here and there, Leaving behind the putrid stench of fear.
Yellow drakes continue to appear just at dusk.
Yellow duck Make a duckling out of yarn.
Yellow dwarfs are stars of medium size.
Yellow dye is added to commercial cheddar.
Yellow dye makes the pickles look yellow green like young cucumbers.
Yellow dye seems so unimportant now.
Yellow eels are caught in baited traps and trot lines.
Yellow eels are what divers often see writhing about in Florida's freshwater springs.
Yellow eels inhabit the fresh and brackish waters of the Bay until they reach sexual maturity.
Yellow eggs are laid in clusters of varying numbers.
Yellow ellipsoids are mail programs.
Yellow employees choose to be involved.
Yellow energy is brain food.
Yellow exudate representing fats that like sludge remain behind is seen throughout.
Yellow eye ceres.
Yellow eyes are painted on the hull, and in the back is a small sail.
Yellow Eyes Is Back .
Yellow Eyes lick it's paws Eating the plump prey.
Yellow eyes ruin the expression.
Yellow eyebrow turns white behind eye.
Every yellow face is opposed to blue.
Yellow fangs is an autosomal dominant trait in werewolves.
Yellow feathers are narrower and include colour throughout to the edge of each feather.
Yellow feathers are the most dangerous.
Yellow fever viruses cause illnesses.
Yellow fever viruses cause severe illnesses.
A yellow fever is an infectious disease
Yellow fever appears to be unknown.
Yellow fever begins suddenly after an incubation period of three to five days.
Yellow fever can affect both sexes, all ages and races.
Yellow fever can kill within four to eight days of the onset of the disease.
Yellow fever can lead to delirium, coma, and death.
Yellow fever damages the liver causing the skin to turn yellowish.
Yellow fever exists in Africa in a cycle involving small mammals and fowl.
Yellow fever is a communicable disease .
Yellow fever is a febrile hemorrhagic disease characterized by hepatic and renal failure.
Yellow fever is a mosquito-born disease.
Yellow fever is a mosquito-borne viral disease.
Yellow fever is a mosquito-borne viral infection.
Yellow fever is a serious viral infection , transmitted by mosquitoes in tropical regions.
Yellow fever is a viral disease found in parts of Africa and South America.
Yellow fever is a viral disease spread in humans by mosquito vectors.
Yellow fever is a viral disease that has caused large epidemics in Africa and the Americas.
Yellow fever is a viral disease that is transmitted by mosquitoes.
Yellow fever is a viral disease transmitted between humans by a mosquito.
Yellow fever is a viral illness spread by mosquitoes in parts of Africa and South America.
Yellow fever is also a problem.
Yellow fever is an acute mosquito-born viral infection.
Yellow fever is apparently difficult to diagnose without modern diagnostic aids.
Yellow fever is carried by mosquitoes in warm climates, so it is eliminated as a cause.
Yellow fever is caused by ticks and mosquitoes.
Yellow fever is contracted when the virus is transmitted by mosquito bites.
Yellow fever is difficult to recognize, especially during the early stages.
Yellow fever is endemic in tropical Africa and America.
Yellow fever is endemic is large portions of Brazil.
Yellow fever is epidemic in the West Indies.
Yellow fever is eradicated and political reforms achieved.
Yellow fever is eradicated in Panama.
Yellow fever is found in jungle areas, especially in South America.
Yellow fever is found in some African and Latin American countries.
Yellow fever is located only in Africa and South America.
Yellow fever is now a serious public health threat again.
Yellow fever is spread through the bite of an infected mosquito .
Yellow fever is spread through the bite of an infected mosquito.
Yellow fever is the only one required.
Yellow fever is transmitted by mosquitoes.
Yellow fever is transmitted by the bite of infected mosquitoes.
Yellow fever kills a traveler.
Yellow fever occurs in tropical areas only in certain regions of South America and Africa.
Yellow fever presents with the abrupt onset of fever and chills.
Yellow fever reappears in Brazil after nearly a year s absence.
Yellow fevers are diseases.
Yellow fevers are viral infection.
Yellow fields are for the input of user provided information.
Yellow filters absorb blue and allow green and red to pass through.
Yellow finches prefer nesting near a water source for drinking and bathing.
Yellow fire is very auspicious.
Yellow fish are available for official banquets only.
A yellow flag is a flag
Yellow flag is an excellent plant for wet areas along streams and ponds.
Yellow flag is non-native in the U.S., and is spreading throughout the country.
Yellow flag means caution, slow down immediately and maintain position.
Yellow flag means the guard is on duty, Red flag indicates strong undertow.
Yellow flag performs best in moist to wet soils in partial shade to full sun.
Yellow flags mark all three of the studios found here.
Yellow flags seem to be limited as there are three racing grooves.
Yellow flames cause inhuman whistlings in the air.
Yellow flames leap out of the forest at the advancing soldiers.
Yellow flecks appear on the edges of the leaf or leaf exhibits yellow variegation or mosaic.
Yellow flesh is crisp and juicy.
Yellow flesh is excellent quality for home and commercial use.
Yellow flesh is quite juicy with a delightful aroma, firm but melting, medium in texture.
Yellow flower turns into puff ball that consists of large number of fruits called achenes.
Yellow flowers add color.
Yellow flowers appear before the leaves unfold.
Yellow flowers appear in autumn.
Yellow flowers appear in springs.
Yellow flowers appear in summer.
Yellow flowers appear mainly in the spring on long, smooth, hollow stalks.
Yellow flowers appear on plants.
Yellow flowers are tubular with flared petals, and appear in late winter and spring.
Yellow flowers are tubular.
Yellow flowers arise from leaf axils as do tendrils.
Yellow flowers autumn to spring.
Yellow flowers bloom in clusters in spring.
Yellow flowers bloom in early springs.
Yellow flowers bloom in late spring.
Yellow flowers bloom in late summer.
Yellow flowers bloom in springs.
Yellow flowers bloom in summer.
Yellow flowers blossom after the first three weeks of growth.
Yellow flowers blossom in the spring, which becomes orange-red colored fruit with thorns.
Yellow flowers bring enhanced communication with all beings of earth.
Yellow flowers emerge along the stem before the leaves appear in early spring.
Yellow flowers emerge from the cup like spheres that make up it's bract.
Yellow flowers have petals.
Yellow flowers occur from early spring to late fall.
Yellow flowers occur on inflorescences that usually extend beyond the leaves.
Yellow flowers part the mind in latent thirds.
Yellow flowers produce seeds.
Yellow flowers sprout from seeds.
Yellow flowers stud the hedges.
Yellow flowers surround brown disk flowers.
Yellow flowers surround flowers.
Most yellow flowers add color.
Most yellow flowers appear in springs.
Most yellow flowers appear in summer.
Most yellow flowers appear on plants.
Most yellow flowers bloom in early springs.
Most yellow flowers bloom in late summer.
Most yellow flowers bloom in springs.
Most yellow flowers bloom in summer.
Most yellow flowers have petals.
Most yellow flowers produce seeds.
Most yellow flowers sprout from seeds.
Most yellow flowers surround brown disk flowers.
Most yellow flowers surround flowers.
Some yellow flowers look like explode fireworks.
Some yellow flowers look like fireworks.
Some yellow flowers possess anthers.
Yellow fly is another name for deer fly.
Yellow fly is really another name for deer fly.
Most yellow flies like to be in the shade, and they stay away from bright sunlight.
Yellow flyers are available in the vestibule.
Yellow folders indicate higher levels of the hierarchy and can be opened to view additional terms.
Yellow food coloring in concentration is red.
Yellow food is a motor stimulant.
Yellow forms are for books, pink forms are for journal articles.
Some yellow foxgloves have distribution.
A yellow foxtail is grass
Yellow foxtail grows in row crops, small grain crops and prefers warmer regions.
Yellow foxtail is a cool-season annual grass found throughout the United States.
Yellow fruit is sweet.
Yellow fruits are delicious.
Yellow fruits are long and pendulous.
Yellow fruits persist all year, and are eaten by deer and rodents.
Yellow fruits resemble spiked clubs and are persistent.
Yellow glads are particularly deathly, petered out suns, yellow covered by night's oily rag.
Yellow glass is used for the eyes and nostrils.
Yellow gold is frequently a mixture of gold, copper, zinc and silver.
Yellow gold is gold, copper, silver, and zinc.
Yellow gold is the most common and is less brittle than white.
Yellow gold is the most common and the most widely available.
Yellow goldfinches eat seeds.
Most yellow goldfinches eat seeds.
Yellow goop comes flying out of the dismembered fingers.
Yellow grain is plump with high test weight and high milling yield.
Yellow hair is the same color throughout.
Yellow helmets identify captains, and red helmets are for drivers and firefighters.
Yellow highlights indicate end of marking period.
Yellow highlights indicate places that the student has been within the course.
Yellow highlighter works very well.
Yellow icons indicate dismissed topics or items.
Yellow image appears.
Yellow interior is bright and cheery.
A yellow iris is a flag
Yellow irises give nice color scheme to wedding floral design too.
A yellow ironweed is a flower
Yellow ironweed grows statewide in moist, lowland woods and along streams.
Yellow issues have to be watched closely.
Yellow items are the topics.
Yellow items indicate a distinction creating some concern, green items indicate a strength.
A yellow jacket is a barbiturate
Yellow jacket is a name applied to a number of species that have extensive yellow markings.
Yellow jacket is available for certain sizes.
Yellow jackets are a different story, though.
Yellow jackets are a small variety of hornet.
Yellow jackets are active from spring until late fall.
Yellow jackets are aggressive bees attracted to bright colors, sweet smells and meat.
Yellow jackets are aggressive when threatened.
Yellow jackets are attracted to the rotting fruit, so remove it promptly.
Yellow jackets are black and bright yellow.
Yellow jackets are black with yellow markings, and are found in various climates.
Yellow jackets are easily distinguishable by their yellow and black coloring.
Yellow jackets are fierce and the insect most likely to sting.
Yellow jackets are hornets.
Yellow jackets are in fact important predators of pest insects.
Yellow jackets are likely to show up for picnics and outdoor barbecues.
Yellow jackets are sleek, yellow and black insects that fly extremely well.
Yellow jackets are small wasps with distinct yellow and black markings.
Yellow jackets are social insects.
Yellow jackets are the most aggressive of the stinging insects.
Yellow jackets are wasps.
Yellow jackets become a nuisance in late summer or early fall.
Yellow jackets become very aggressive and defensive when someone threatens their territory.
Yellow jackets build nests consisting of a series of combs surrounded by a paperlike covering.
Yellow jackets cause more moderate and also more severe reactions than bees or wasps.
Yellow jackets lack the dense body hair that are found on carpenter bees and honey bees.
Yellow jackets lack the dense body hairs that are found on carpenter bees and honey bees.
Yellow jackets like to hover.
Yellow jackets make their nests of paper.
Yellow jackets nest in the ground and hornets in trees and bushes.
Yellow jackets nest in the ground and like to visit areas where fresh food or waste is available.
Yellow jackets pose an additional problem.
Yellow jackets seem to gravitate to the places where people hang out.
Yellow jasper stimulates the heart area.
Yellow jaundice is one symptom of hepatitis.
Yellow journalism is journalism
Yellow journalism is still alive and well.
Yellow labs can go from nearly white to fox red and chocolates come in a wide variety of shadings.
Yellow ladybugs are cool.
Yellow leaf veins stand out against a red and purple leaf blade.
Yellow leaves are usually an indictor of overwatering.
Yellow leaves have components.
Yellow leaves indicate too much water.
Yellow leaves are a sign that the ph of the soil lacks enough acidity for the plants.
Yellow leaves are sometimes a normal part of the oxalis life cycle.
Yellow leaves can be a bit trickier.
Yellow leaves enhance purple lavender, for example.
Yellow leaves indicate iron deficiency-treat with iron chelates.
Yellow leaves result most oftenly from a soil with too large water retention and over watering.
Most yellow leaves have components.
Some yellow leaves improve appearances.
Yellow lentils can be slightly roasted and pressure cooked.
Yellow lesions develop in one to three weeks.
Yellow light can also heal muscle cramps, hypoglycemia and gall stones.
Yellow light floods through a caf window, and voices and laughter can be heard from within.
Yellow light indicates maximum power level.
Yellow light is a longer wave length and less energetic form of visible light.
Yellow light is absorbed in great concentrations by the red pigment found in blood.
Yellow light is in the middle of a rainbow.
Yellow light is light waves.
Yellow light is next up the spectrum from orange.
Yellow light is traffic light
Yellow light is traffic light.
Yellow light is yellow.
Yellow light means stop subsidizing sprawl, stop giving sprawl special privileges.
Yellow light pours through a lone window three stories up.
Yellow light represents moderate anger.
Yellow light Slow down and stop if possible.
Yellow light spills out of the windows of the low, uniform buildings lined up along the track.
Yellow light stops flashing when batteries are low.
Yellow lights are best for the back as they stand out more.
Yellow lights are far less attractive to night-flying insects.
Yellow lights flashing mean a school bus is going to stop.
Yellow lights indicate low portion of coach.
Yellow lights indicate the bus is about to stop, and lights turn red when the bus has stopped.
Yellow lights mark most major airport taxiways.
Yellow lilies express gratitude and gaiety.
Yellow Line indicates a signal request for movement ahead of a train.
Yellow line shows best fitting gaussian uv density distribution.
Yellow line shows best fitting guassian uv density distribution.
Yellow lines are areas of light stains with no dark ones present.
Yellow lines are located in freeways.
Yellow lines indicate boundaries between count areas.
Yellow lines indicate fictitious boundaries.
Yellow lines indicate parking restrictions.
Yellow lines indicate the maximum and minimum data values.
Yellow lines indicate the positiond of boreholes used to measure ice deformation.
Yellow lines indicate where there are storm events.
Yellow lines mark all of the possible paths between the keys.
Yellow lines mark the progress of the tip during modification.
Yellow lines show a design dependency.
Yellow lines show bonds between iron atoms.
Yellow lines show faults that are visible at the surface.
Yellow lines show paths of two wells drilled into the fault zone.
Yellow lines show the position of plate boundaries.
Yellow lines shown on the image indicate the projected horizon line and robot width.
Yellow lines tend to stimulate speed and formality.
Yellow lines trace the path of the ball, showing where high force was used to push it.
All yellow lines are in play.
Yellow liquids contain substances.
Most yellow liquids contain substances.
A yellow locust is a locust
Yellow locust is gone.
Yellow locust is used for acidity, flatulence, indigestion and burning distress in the stomach.
Yellow lot is on the left.
Yellow macaws make loud noise.
Yellow macaws make noise.
Yellow macaws make other loud noise.
Most yellow macaws make loud noise.
Most yellow macaws make noise.
Most yellow macaws make other loud noise.
Yellow maize is infected more heavily than white maize.
Yellow markers lead the way to the group canoe camp which offers three sites.
Yellow markings chrome yellow, tending to gamboge.
Yellow markings designate no parking zones.
Yellow marrow consists primarily of cells that store fat.
Yellow marrow contain a large amount of fat.
Yellow marrow is bone marrow
Yellow marrow is bone marrow.
Yellow marrow is fatty tissue.
Yellow marrow is found inside the hollow middle section of the long bones .
Yellow marrow is found inside the hollow middle section of the long bones.
Yellow marrow is made mainly of fat cells .
Yellow marrow is made mainly of fat cells.
Yellow marrow is marrow.
Yellow mask covers front of the face where it's held in place by rubber band.
Yellow mask covers front of the face where it's held in plastic by rubber band.
Yellow mask covers front of the face, where it's held in place by rubber band.
Yellow mask runs horizontal over eyes.
Yellow mealworms prefer dark, damp places in a granary or a feed bin.
Yellow means prepare to stop.
Yellow money is as good as gold.
Some yellow mongeese have bands.
Some yellow mongeese have light color bands.
Yellow mongeese find food.
Yellow mongeese share warrens.
Yellow mosaic diseases are caused by viruses.
Yellow mustard begins flowering at the same time but continues to flower longer.
Yellow mustard can also be ground for use as an ingredient in the prepared meat industry.
Yellow mustard has a clean fresh aroma and a pungent biting flavor.
Yellow mustard has taste.
Yellow mustard is more spicy than white and is used to accent sauces, meats, stews and dressings.
Yellow mustard is mustard.
Yellow mustard is on a roll.
Yellow mustard is resistant to shattering and therefore can be straight-combined.
Yellow mustard is the largest and fastest growing segment in the mustard aisle.
Yellow mustard is yellow.
Yellow nails are usually reactions to chemicals or cigarette smoke.
Yellow nails can occur many years before the disorder shows up.
Yellow nails indicate a delicate liver or jaundice.
Yellow napes are very intelligent.
Yellow node is Maniraptora.
Yellow nodules are normal fat around shoulder.
Yellow numbers are natural fluxes, and red are human contributions in gigatons of carbon per year.
Yellow numbers are natural fluxes, red are human contributions, white indicate stored carbon.
Yellow numbers indicate wave height in feet.
Yellow nutsedge arises from small tubers called nutlets.
Yellow nutsedge can grow actively even in lawns that have gone brown and dormant from drought.
Yellow nutsedge grows most actively during the hot months of summer.
Yellow nutsedge grows most rapidly during the hot summer months.
Yellow nutsedge has a yellow-green color.
Yellow nutsedge has single fleshy tubers on ends of roots.
Yellow nutsedge is a troublesome, difficult to control weed often found in turf areas.
Yellow nutsedge is a widespread, highly variable native of North America and Eurasia.
Yellow nutsedge is an erect plant.
Yellow nutsedge is difficult to control especially once it has formed tubers.
Yellow nutsedge is native to Illinois and many parts of North America.
Yellow nutsedge is often an indicator of poor drainage.
Yellow nutsedge is pale green to yellow in color and grows rapidly in the spring and early summer.
Yellow nutsedge is the only green thing in some lawns.
Yellow nutsedge is tolerant of wet and poorly drained soils.
Yellow nutsedge produces solitary tubers that arise either from the basal bulb or from a rhizome.
Yellow nutsedge reproduces primarily by tubers.
Yellow nymphs become green as they reach full development.
Yellow objects are relatively nearby galaxies, less than one billion light-years away.
A yellow ochre is an ochre
Yellow ochre complements the lemon to provide some drawing around the red book.
Yellow ochre is found in abundance in every township.
Yellow one is the hemisphere.
Yellow ones are almost as good as red ones.
Yellow onions are a common sight in most people's kitchens.
Yellow onions are available year-round.
Yellow onions are full-flavored and are a reliable standby for cooking almost anything.
Yellow onions contain nutrients.
Yellow onions tend to be easier to grow than whites or reds.
Most yellow onions contain nutrients.
Yellow page is very useful to find out what is available in the area.
Yellow pages are a commonly used, cost effective way to advertise.
Yellow pages are a good place to start.
Yellow pages are a perfect example of ads contracted for long before they are finally distributed.
Yellow pages are phone books.
Yellow pages are telephone books.
Yellow pages cover chord strumming.
Yellow pages directories from selected countries around the globe.
Yellow pages find by company name, category also select by state.
Yellow pages list businesses geographically.
Yellow pages provide for searching for businesses.
Yellow pages provides phone numbers and a search function.
Many yellow pages have excellent search functions.
Yellow paint covers all four walls and silence occupies the room.
Yellow paint peels from the walls.
Yellow paint reflects most light at long wavelengths and absorbs light at short wavelengths.
Yellow paloverde is a facultative riparian species.
Yellow paloverde provides canopy cover that reduces maximum soil surface temperatures.
Yellow parcels are woodlands and green parcels are agricultural.
Yellow patch is the most common cold-weather disease of bentgrass in Kansas.
Yellow path indicates the trajectory reconstructed from the passage of an atom through the cavity.
Yellow peaches are just as sweet.
Yellow people are highly original, imaginative, idealistic, creative, artistic and often spiritual.
Yellow people are perfectionists, but can also be joyful.
Yellow people make good leaders as they are methodical in their thinking and decisive.
Yellow people tend to act serious, be organized and always on time and they follow the rules.
Yellow people tend to be perfectionists.
Yellow perch larvae have large mouths.
Yellow perch larvae have mouths.
A yellow perch is a perch
Yellow perch are a popular recreational catch.
Yellow perch are active early in the year and can be caught on minnows.
Yellow perch are almost identical in appearance to European perch, but have a more yellow coloring.
Yellow perch are also piscivorous preferring shiners and minnows.
Yellow perch are an intermediate predator in the food chain.
Yellow perch are considered to be fun, easy to catch and a joy to eat.
Yellow perch are economically important in terms of a food source and recreation.
Yellow perch are extremely popular food fish in the northern United States.
Yellow perch are for the most part, aggressive biters.
Yellow perch are found mainly in lakes and sometimes in impoundments of larger rivers.
Yellow perch are found statewide in almost any water from very small ponds to the largest reservoir.
Yellow perch are golden or brassy yellow with six to nine dark vertical bars on their sides.
Yellow perch are most active during the daytime.
Yellow perch are most active in the morning and evening.
Yellow perch are native to Lake Erie and have always been an important fishery.
Yellow perch are often a favorite meal.
Yellow perch are olive green on the back blending to a golden yellow on the sides.
Yellow perch are oviparous , as eggs are fertilized externally.
Yellow perch are particularly popular for ice fishing .
Yellow perch are prime targets for new anglers.
Yellow perch are the first fish that arrive in the rivers after the first of the year.
Yellow perch are the preferred prey of adult walleyes in many cases.
Yellow perch are very tasty and are popular year-round, especially with ice fishermen.
Yellow perch can adapt to diverse habitats and are tolerant of low dissolved oxygen.
Yellow perch continue to bite very well.
Yellow perch grow faster in Lake Michigan when they are scarce than when they are abundant.
Yellow perch grow very quickly.
Yellow perch has many fine and sharp teeth.
Yellow perch have a single spawning period each year.
Yellow perch is a known predator of juvenile largemouth bass.
Yellow perch is an important food source for freshwater predators.
Yellow perch is one of the easiest fish to catch, and can be taken in all seasons, and tastes great.
Yellow perch lose their normal diel behavior activity patterns during spawning season.
Yellow perch make up a substantial part of the walleye diet in the natural lakes.
Yellow perch spend their entire lives in the same river.
Yellow perch support a commercial fishery in Lake Michigan, Lake Erie, and Lake Huron.
Yellow perches have dorsal fins.
Yellow perches have fins.
Yellow perches have jaws.
Yellow perches have separate dorsal fins.
Yellow perches live for years.
Yellow perchs are fish.
Yellow perchs are perchs.
Most yellow perches have fins.
Most yellow perches have jaws.
Most yellow perches have separate dorsal fins.
Most yellow perches live for years.
Some yellow perches have distinction.
Yellow personalities consider all points of view prior to making decisions.
Yellow petals emerge from buds.
Yellow petals frame orange cups with a fruity fragrance.
Most yellow petals emerge from buds.
Yellow phosphorus causes liver damage, delirium then coma.
Yellow phosphorus is added to water, then oxygen or air is passed through the slurry.
Yellow Pigs are cool.
Yellow pigment absorbs blue light.
Yellow pigment absorbs light.
Yellow pigment is absent in the agouti band of some hairs.
Yellow pigment tends to fade.
Yellow pigments absorb blue light.
Yellow pigments range from yellow to brown.
Most yellow pigment absorbs blue light.
Most yellow pigment absorbs light.
Some yellow pigment has effects.
Some yellow pigment has irritant effects.
Yellow pigmentation is the result of generations of natural selection.
Yellow pike is served with a handmade tartar sauce.
Yellow pins are also available.
Yellow pins provide a pile-on mode of operation for presentation lighting etc.
Yellow pine is also a generic term which encompasses a variety of woods.
Yellow pine is also a strong species of wood.
Yellow pine is pine
Yellow pine is pine.
Yellow pine is strong, very durable and straight-grained.
Some yellow pine grows in habitats.
Yellow pink veins.
Yellow pixels indicate that the pixel was hit many times, red indicates low hits.
Yellow planes are perpendicular to yellow struts.
Yellow plants are, as far as is known, nearly always due to a nuclear mutation.
Yellow plantains are between the green and black stage.
Yellow players are backup types.
Yellow polyps tend to be hardy as long as they are fed, and have proper lighting.
Yellow popcorn tends to pop up large and crunchy with a light nutty taste.
A yellow poplar is a tree
Yellow poplar is a name sometimes used for the unrelated tulip tree of the magnolia family.
Yellow poplar is very intolerant of shade and requires full sunlight for best growth.
Yellow poplar represents a significant percentage of the growth and production in the region.
Yellow rails are just one of six rail species that occur on the refuge.
Yellow raspberries are similar in hardiness and root system as red raspberries.
Yellow raspberries have the same characteristics as the reds.
Most yellow raspberries are similar to red raspberries in growth habit.
Yellow ray flowers surround brown disk flowers.
Yellow ray flowers surround flowers.
Yellow rays strengthen the nerves and aid the brain.
Yellow rectangles represent failures identified by the tracker.
Yellow regions are convex sections.
Yellow regions represent where the fox is prevalent.
Yellow rice gives dietary boost.
Yellow ring is cryostable.
Yellow rings indicate recorded earthquakes.
A yellow rocket is a weed
Yellow rocket is a winter annual of the mustard family.
Yellow rocket is found in cool regions.
Yellow rooms make people feel warmer and more comfortable.
Yellow roses are especially tender.
Yellow roses are for friendship.
Yellow roses are given by friends of the deceased to symbolize their strong ties.
Yellow roses are in the geometric sections as well.
Yellow roses are symbolic of joy and friendship.
Yellow roses attach a light tulle veil to backside.
Yellow roses mean friendship.
Yellow roses represent friendship and joy.
Yellow roses show happiness and friendship, as well as joy, hope and freedom.
Yellow roses show sunny feelings of joy, warmth, and sometimes welcome.
Yellow roses signify joy and gladness.
Yellow roses signify joy, gladness and freedom in the modern rose lexicon.
Yellow roses symbolize joy and friendship.
Yellow rot causes yellowish water soaked stripes extending downward from the leaf tips.
Yellow route is OK because it shares parts of the Red loop.
Yellow saffron has no curative properties.
Yellow scars are diagnostic of an infestation.
Yellow seeds are dominant to green.
Yellow sentence is for English people.
Yellow set includes drapes and valance.
Yellow shade indicates verified sighting.
Yellow sheets are available.
Yellow side is used for wiping off and absorbing water, green side is for scouring.
Yellow signals caution and carefulness.
Yellow skin can indicate jaundice and blue skin can indicate heart problems.
Yellow skin is russet-resistant.
Yellow skin retains color.
Most yellow skin retains color.
Yellow slots are unlikely to be re-used.
Yellow snow is the excretion of conflict and it has a taste of bitterness and hatred.
Yellow soap is composed of tallow, rosin, and soda, to which some palm-oil is occasionally added.
Yellow spaces are bonus spaces.
Yellow spheres are clusters and groups of galaxies.
Yellow spheres are groups and clusters of galaxies, while the small red spheres are active galaxies.
Yellow spiders make much smaller webs and hunt along window sills.
Yellow spodumene resembles heliodor , chrysoberyl , topaz , zircon , and tourmaline .
A yellow spot is an area
Yellow spot is present in most birds between the eye and the beak.
Yellow spots are plant diseases.
Yellow spots enlarge and needles appear mottled.
Yellow spots indicate the boundary between state and private land.
Yellow spots represent genes equally expressed in both offspring.
More yellow spots appear in the black, nearer the center.
Yellow squares show the well screen locations.
Yellow stains indicate reactions caused by strong oxidizers or bleaches.
Yellow stakes define a water hazard.
Yellow stakes define water hazards.
Yellow stamens are very striking.
Yellow stamens are visible in a couple of the open male flowers on the right.
Yellow stamens provide an excellent foil for the petals.
Yellow star shows new reports.
Yellow stars are a universal symbol of prejudice and oppression by the many over the few.
Yellow stars mark the approximate positions of the new pulsars.
Yellow stickers mean full price.
Yellow stillness is on the cross-roads, yellow stillness is on the trees.
Yellow stingrays are a small species of rays that inhabitant shallow sandy areas.
Yellow stingrays are common in the areas in which they live.
Yellow stingrays are fish with flat bodies and flat, round fins.
Yellow stingrays are unlikely to sting a human unless they feel threatened.
Yellow streaks are visible in the sky at sunset.
Yellow streaks occur on green stems and branches.
Yellow streamers clarify paths taken by individual particles.
Yellow strips located next to the tracks mark the safe distance from the trains.
Yellow stripe shows as fine streaks of yellow the length of the leaves.
Yellow stripes runs down the neck from the eye.
Yellow supercilium contrasts with black on forehead and sides of face.
Yellow symbol indicates that train is performing intermediate work events at that location.
Yellow symptoms are temporary.
Yellow tags can wait down here.
Yellow tags indicate last update.
Yellow tape designates the playing field.
Yellow taxis are always available, but are more expensive.
Yellow taxis are everywhere.
Yellow teas are quite rare, and, are very delicate and generally include buds only.
Yellow tees are for Juniors.
Yellow text flanks somewhat blurry photos of ice, penguins, seals, boats, and the like.
All yellow text is recognised as white and appears as blank.
Any yellow text is a popup link.
Yellow tile flanks the rectangular opening, which is framed by an egg and dart border.
Yellow tips can signal a nutritional problem or that the garlic is dry.
Yellow titles indicate new entries .
Yellow toadflax is a difficult target for biocontrol.
Yellow toadflax is an invasive plant that spreads vegetatively by rhizomes.
Yellow toadflax is common in Minnesota and looks similar.
Yellow toadflax is self-incompatible and relies on insects for pollination.
Yellow toadflax is suspected to be mildly poisonous to livestock.
Yellow toadflax stand on rough ground in Ontario.
Yellow tokens create different fixed weapons which continuously fire projectiles at steady rates.
Yellow tomatoes are generally too watery and wan in flavor.
Most yellow tomatoes are bland in flavor.
Yellow topaz is sometimes heat treated to make it look pink.
More yellow tourists means that yellow shops are potentially more profitable.
Yellow traces are excitatory postsynaptic currents recorded during whole cell voltage clamp.
Yellow trail offers some tough climbs or fast downhills.
Yellow traps attract thrips and whiteflies.
Yellow traps catch many kinds of insects and it is often difficult to recognise the thrips.
All yellow trim has small blue stars spaced lightly throughout.
Yellow tufts appear on males and females during breeding season.
Yellow tulips represent cheerfulness.
Yellow ulcers surrounded by red halos characterize the oral lesions.
Yellow urates can be a sign of liver damage, kidney problems, or peritonitis.
Yellow urine contains water.
Yellow urine darkens to a red-brown after exposure to light.
Yellow urine indicates a bacterial or yeast infection or kidney disease.
Yellow urine is a sign of dehydration.
Most yellow urine contains water.
Yellow vesicles are common.
Yellow vulnerabilities are less vulnerable, but still of great concern.
Yellow walls seem to soak up the sunlight.
Yellow walls splash warmth around the forest-green and maroon decorated room.
A yellow warbler is a warbler
Yellow warblers are all over bright yellow, with reddish stripes on breasts.
Yellow Warblers are bright yellow birds.
Yellow warblers are migrant songbirds that breed in the north and winter in the south.
Yellow Warblers are one of the most common and widely distributed warblers in North America.
Yellow warblers are quite common in city parks.
Yellow warblers are the most common, and wading and shorebirds are plentiful.
Yellow warblers migrate through Death Valley, feeding in mesquites instead of maples.
Yellow warblers range from Alaska and Canada as far south as Mexico and central Peru.
Yellow warblers spend their wintertime mostly in the red area.
Yellow ware is English of American earthenware commonly used for kitchen items like mixing bowls.
Yellow wax is found to be less liable to become rancid than white wax.
Yellow Web catalogues European sites only.
Yellow Web provides pointers to sites exclusively in Europe.
Yellow whites can indicate a dirty stabilizer, a marginal wash, or a sulfurized bleach-fix.
Yellow wildflowers carpet the meadows.
Yellow wood forms a shrub or small tree.
Yellow words indicate currently active links.
Yellow zones are No Parking Zones.
Yellow is color
Yellow is color.
Yellow is coloring.
Yellow is colour.
Yellow is ore.
Yellow is primary color.
Yellows are fringe starters or backups.
Yellows are interpolations and extrapolations.
Yellows are savory, best suited for cooking.
Yellows are tricky.
Yellows believe life is to be enjoyed.
Yellows can either be very shy and sensitive, or they can be the life of the party.
Yellows can vary in color from a fox type of red to a light cream.
Yellows come out now more often.
Yellows indicate the glacial outwash soils and blues show the lake depositied soils.
Yellows now beam bright from the corners of daylight.
Yellows prefer cut baits.
Yellows radiate self confidence and self control.
Yellows range from light cream to red fox.
Yellows run the gamut from the lemon-colored tulip poplar to the golden hickories.
Yellowed cucumbers are undesirable.
Yellowed grass spikes up on islands.
Yellowed teeth get better results than teeth stained by medication.
A yellowfin is a food fish
Yellowfins are in the box and the school is under the boat.
Yellowfins are prime targets for many pier fishermen and surf fishermen.
Yellowfins are tuna.
Yellowfins eat other fish, crustaceans, and squid.
Yellowfins grow quickly, attaining the weight of eight pounds by their first birthday.
Yellowfins swim closely with several species of dolphin.
Yellowish clouds are the result of fine grains of Martian desert dust being blown into the air.
Yellowish flame indicates that the burner needs cleaning.
Some yellowish fluid is secreted by mammals.
Some yellowish foliage has habits.
Some yellowish foliage has upright habits.
Yellowish halos form around brown spot lesions on mature leaves.
Yellowish materials are sulfer sublimate.
Some yellowish mucuses protect animals.
Yellowish reds have better visibility than bluish reds.
Yellowish stipe is attractive.
Yellowish stools are related to the lack of bile in the stools.
Yellowish tones are very good for concealing the darkness in the eye area.
A yellowtail is snapper
Yellowtail tend to be relatively sedentary, although seasonal movements have been documented.
A yellowthroat is a warbler
Yellowthroats are birds.
Yellowthroats are common throughout most of the United States and southern Canada. .
Yellowthroats are common throughout most of the United States and southern Canada.
Yellowthroats eat many different kinds of insects like grasshoppers, flies and ants.
A yellowwood is wood
Yellowwood has a deep root system, allowing grass and other plants to grow under it.
Yellowwood is native to our area and grows well in our alkaline soils.
Yellowwood prefers well-drained soils, either acidic or basic.
Yellowwoods are trees.
Yellowwoods are wood.
Yellowwoods grow in most well-drained soils and are intolerant of waterlogged soils.
Yellville residents work in small industries, in lumber, agricultural and tourist trades.
Yemen isa thing.
Yemeni architecture is unique.
Most Yemeni children attend school, but many stay in school for only a few years.
Most Yemeni cities sleep under the sound of gunfire every night.
Yemeni consumers believe Saudi products are of better quality.
Yemeni costumes vary from one area to another in terms of the colors and the various designs.
Yemeni delegation praises women s conditions in Egypt.
Yemeni farmers fume with anger as they stand by helplessly and watch their animals die.
Yemeni law forbids the questioning of Yemeni citizens by authorities from other countries.
Yemeni men place great value on the dagger handles, which are commonly studded with jewels.
Yemeni mothers go into seclusion with their infants for forty days.
Yemeni officials say the explosion took place inside the vessel.
Yemeni officials say they are questioning Afghan veterans.
Yemeni people are very friendly toward the United States.
Yemeni people depend much more on family solidarity and support than on government welfare.
Yemeni people have the potintial to start to break the ice.
Yemeni police believe they have also found three other locations used by the bombers.
Yemeni potters face an uncertain future.
Yemeni shipwrights use a number of creative and unique methods in building their craft.
Yemeni sources cite three failed plots.
Yemeni students continue to do their studies in Hungary.
Yemeni time is seven hours ahead of New York.
Yemeni tribes kidnap foreigners to press their demands for jobs or government compensation.
Yemeni tribesmen dress differently than other villagers and can be easily recognized.
Yemeni tribesmen sit in wait on a low mountain pass.
Yemeni women lead restricted lives, and many are kept secluded in their homes.
A yen is desire
Yen attempts to rewrite anime history.
Yen begins slide against dollar.
Yen is a system used by network and system administrators to make DNS updates.
Yen is Chinese for desire.
Yen is interested in providing patient care in an ambulatory setting.
Yen is minimalistic.
Yen is reportedly eight months pregnant.
Yen is the basic coin in Japan just like the penny is the basic coin in America.
Yen is used exclusively off-base.
Yen looks sad and distant.
Yen picks up the soup pot and leaves.
Yen tumbles The government's gloomy prognosis sent the yen tumbling on the currency market.
Yen uses software to write text documents and send email, and surfs the web with a browser.
Yen wears no shoes.
A yeoman is a freeholder
Yeomen comprise the first group.
Yeosu city is surrounded by beautiful ocean.
Yerba tea boosts the immune system significantly.
Yerba tea detoxifies the blood, increases immunity, decreases the signs of aging.
Yes isa affirmation.
A yesterday is a day
Yesterday can mean yesterday or the day before that.
Yesterday can take care of itself.
Yesterday explores Native American sites, a civil war battle, and the original city park.
Yesterday gets a mixed report card.
Yesterday goes by and no dice.
Yesterday guess Expression on seven among the longhorns jackets otherwise seem across any wages.
Yesterday happens to be the anniversary of our freedom from the jail.
Yesterday has a two-page description of the changes and what to expect.
Yesterday has passed away, Today is just here today.
Yesterday is a blur.
Yesterday is a canceled check.
Yesterday is a cancelled check, tomorrow is a promissory note, today is ready cash - use it.
Yesterday is a cancelled check.
Yesterday is a cancelled cheque, tomorrow is a promissory note, only today is cash in the bank.
Yesterday is a cancelled cheque.
Yesterday is a dream, tomorrow but a vision.
Yesterday is a memory and tomorrow is a dream.
Yesterday is a memory, tomorrow is a mystery.
Yesterday is a memory.
Yesterday is access.
Yesterday is all the accumulation of a million years.
Yesterday is already a dream, and tomorrow is only a vision.
Yesterday is already a dream.
Yesterday is already ancient history.
Yesterday is already too late.
Yesterday is ancient history.
Yesterday is burnt ashes.
Yesterday is but a dream and tomorrow is only a vision.
Yesterday is but a dream, and tomorrow is only a vision.
Yesterday is but a dream, tomorrow is but a vision.
Yesterday is but a dream, tomorrow is but a Vision.
Yesterday is but a dream, tomorrow is only a vision.
Yesterday is but a dream, Tomorrow is only a vision.
Yesterday is but a dream.
Yesterday is but a memory And tomorrow is today's dream.
Yesterday is but a vision, and tomorrow is only a dream.
Yesterday is but just a moment before now.
Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream.
Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow's dream.
Yesterday is dead.
Yesterday is gone .
Yesterday is gone and forgotten and tomorrow never comes.
Yesterday is gone beyond recall.
Yesterday is gone forever, think of it as just a memory or a canceled check.
Yesterday is gone forever.
Yesterday is gone snd today wil soon be tomorrow.
Yesterday is gone, but today is here and tomorrow is coming.
Yesterday is gone, so forget it.
Yesterday is gone, sudden and swift.
Yesterday is gone.
Yesterday is history tomorrow a mystery.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow a mystery, today is a gift, that's why it's called the present.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, and today is a gift.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift, that s why it s called the present.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift, that's why it's called the present.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is mystery, today is a gift and that s why it s called the present.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is mystery.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is the future, but the morning marks a new beginning for today.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow remains a mystery.
Yesterday is history.
Yesterday is History.
Yesterday is in the history books.
Yesterday is in the past, and tomorrow is yet to come.
Yesterday is in the past.
Yesterday is just a backward glance, tomorrow a wishful chance.
Yesterday is just a memory.
Yesterday is just a number.
Yesterday is like a canceled check.
Yesterday is like that forever now, frozen in time by the first few digits of the date.
Yesterday is lost forever.
Yesterday is mystery.
Yesterday is over and done with.
Yesterday Is Over Our Shoulder.
Yesterday is over the horizon.
Yesterday is over, tomorrow never comes.
Yesterday is over.
Yesterday is past, gone forever.
Yesterday is past.
Yesterday is the most popular song of all time.
Yesterday is the past, tomorrow is the future.
Yesterday is the past.
Yesterday is the path of tomorrow.
Yesterday is the same as today and today is the same as tomorrow.
Yesterday is the shadow of to-day.
Yesterday is then.
Yesterday isa day.
Yesterday Lives Again.
Yesterday means nothing.
Yesterday mixes with today.
Yesterday never ends.
Yesterday never knows.
Yesterday represents a turning point in the history of health system of our country.
Yesterday s sweet dedications of love are part of an infantile dream fading fast.
Yesterday speaks and leaves nothing to tomorrow.
Yesterdays are days.
Yesterdays Are Forever.
Yesterdays are pasts.
Yesterdays has something for everyone.
Yesterdays have (part) daylight.
Yesterdays have (part) daytimes.
Yesterdays have (part) hours.
Yesterdays have (part) middays.
Yesterdays have (part) midnights.
Yesterdays have (part) mins.
Yesterdays have (part) minutes.
Yesterdays have (part) mornings.
Yesterdays have (part) nights.
Yesterdays have (part) nighttime.
Yesterdays have (part) noons.
Yesterdays is also a Bed and Breakfast.
Yesterdays is an English style pub located in the Historic Village of Warwick.
Yesterday's just a memory.
Yesterday always looks better.
Yesterday sometimes seems more intriguing than today.
Every yesterday is but a dream.
Every yesterday is replete with history.
A yesteryear is time
Yesteryear offers glassware, china, collectibles, kitchenware, linens, books, dolls, and toys.
A yeti is a mythical creature
Yeti leans in close to get a good look at the camera.
Yetter markers maximize down pressure by mounting low on the implement.
Yew cuttings are responsible for a number of livestock deaths each year.
Yew poisoning is a great example of the dangers of disposing garden clippings to animals.
Yew poisoning is the commonest form of animal poisoning.
Yew tree is the seventh letter of the Irish alphabet - ioda.
Yew trees are extremely toxic to horses and all grazing animals.
Yew trees are important in pagan Celtic symbolism.
Yew trees are marked with a rare tree mark on the mini-map.
Yew trees are one of a variety of trees that are interactive scenery found in various places.
Yew trees are rare and slow growing.
Yew trees are trees.
Yew trees grow in stock in the summit of sobaek mountain, birobong.
Yew wood is considered a gem in wood working circles.
Yew wood is hard and heave, and elastic.
Yew wood is strong yet flexible and so makes good handles and bows.
A yew is a coniferous tree
Yew contains an alkyloid that depresses the action of the heart.
Yew indicates rebirth.
Yew is a common hedge plant.
Yew is a small genus of about eight species scattered across North America, Europe, and Asia.
Yew is a strong bow and brittle iron and giant of the arrow.
Yew isa wood.
Yew look watt as a sheet.
Yew works very well with hand and power tools.
Yews are a symbol of immortality.
Yews are a type of conifer and grow to a small tree size.
Yews are able to withstand exceptionally severe pruning into the older wood.
Yews are an attractive, dark green, narrow-leaved evergreen shrub.
Yews are an exception, often filling back in when pruned back severely.
Yews are conifers.
Yews are dioecious, meaning they have separate male and female plants.
Yews are interesting plants for several reasons.
Yews are plants.
Yews are shade tolerant evergreens.
Yews are the easiest conifer to prune.
Yews are toxic to many animals, but are relished by deer.
Yews are wood.
Yews can grow to a great age.
Yews can live more than two thousand years and some oaks a thousand years old.
Yews do best in fertile soil that is very well drained.
Yews do equally well in sun and shade.
Yews have a strong growth period in late spring and often a smaller one in mid summer.
Yews have flat, single needles.
Yews range from spreading ground covers to various-sized trees and shrubs.
Yews tolerate pruning well and are often pruned into formal hedges.
Yews typically have two flushes of growth each growing season.
Yews often die in wet soils.
Yews often die in wet, poorly drained soils.
More yews die because of overwatering than lack of water.
Much yew still remains in the college gardens and the situation is being closely monitored.
Some yews cause sickness.
YHOO finance is good.
Yiddish audiences love plays about wronged parents, especially if they end in reconciliation.
Yiddish culture has a new momentum in Israel.
Yiddish culture is very humorous.
Yiddish education is a major focus.
Yiddish folklore offers a telling tale about gossip-makers.
Yiddish literature abounds with real and imaginary stories of their encounters with beggars.
Yiddish literature is saturated with the ghetto melancholy and poverty.
Yiddish literature is well represented, particularly in twentieth century rare material.
Yiddish names follow in parentheses.
Some Yiddish nicknames are ambiguous, as is true of English names.
Yiddish titles appear in English transliteration.
Yield calculations confirm exchanges.
Yield curve can take different shapes depending upon the prevailing conditions at any point of time.
Yield curve has steepened sharply, currency has fallen further, equities get a boost too.
Yield curve reflects the broad expectations about interest rates.
Yield curves are generally flat.
Yield Curves Click here for the latest yield curve.
Yield curves tend to lead the economy by six to nine months.
All yield curves are option adjusted.
Yield management assigns and changes costs.
Yield management is the practice of jointly managing capacity and pricing on a lane by lane basis.
Yield mapping is a key component to precision farming.
Yield mapping is a relatively new but rapidly growing concept in Australian farming.
Yield mapping is the process of acquiring accurate geo-referenced yield information.
Yield monitoring is just one part of a much bigger picture.
Yield monitoring uses sensors to measure the force of grain flow through the combine.
Yield rate is the percentage of accepted students who actually attend.
Yield signs are triangles, highway signs are rectangles, and stop signs are octagons.
Yield strength ranges for ductile metals.
A yield is production
Yield already levels the playing field.
Yield also depends on the amount deposited.
Yield can be essentially zero for three years of growth after scaffold limbs are pruned to stubs.
Yield changes monthly.
Yield comes second.
Yield contains several products which are well-known for their health enhancing properties.
Yield depends on cup size and age of children.
Yield depends on extent of damage and consistency of mix.
Yield depends on size of waffle iron.
Yield depends on the cultivar, climate, and vigor of the vine.
Yield depends upon size and shape.
Yield depends upon the rate.
Yield equals the dividend divided by the stock price.
Yield gradually increases after the fourth year.
Yield here is also about one ton per acre.
Yield is a combination of interest rate and points collected.
Yield is a function of a security's purchase price and coupon interest rate.
Yield is a function of processing line defect density.
Yield is a key question.
Yield is a measure of how productive a crop is per unit area.
Yield is a more useful figure as it can be used to compare among investment alternatives.
Yield is a term that describes how many chips can be garnered from one wafer of silicon.
Yield is a touchy subject for fabs, and hard data on copper production has yet to be disclosed.
Yield is a useful term that money people stole from farmers.
Yield is a very hard number.
Yield is about a cup or so per quart.
Yield is about average with a good supply of all sizes available.
Yield is affected by the price paid for the investment and the timing of the security's cash flow.
Yield is affected by the price paid for the investment as well as the timing of principal payments.
Yield is also commonly the best measure of economic efficiency.
Yield is also the most important factor in overall processing cost.
Yield is alternate, with good oil quality.
Yield is an overriding consideration.
Yield is assured and margins improved.
Yield is average.
Yield is below normal.
Yield is calculated by dividing the annual dividend per share by the company's stock price.
Yield is continual and each squash almost perfectly shaped.
Yield is defined as the percentage of students who accept the university s offer of admission.
Yield is defined as the percentage of students who accept the university's offer of admission.
Yield is designed for use in animals which are under stress.
Yield is designed to boost immunity, particularly at times of diet change or stress.
Yield is determined by credit rating of company.
Yield is determined by many factors.
Yield is determined by the factors most limiting to productivity.
Yield is determined, grading and drainage is perfected.
Yield is down.
Yield is early and remarkably heavy with a couple hundred fruit per plant.
Yield is excellent.
Yield is expressed as a percent of the fund's current price per share.
Yield is fair to good.
Yield is fair.
Yield is foremost.
Yield is generally less than for forage sorghums but similar to slightly higher than sudangrass.
Yield is good with a fair to good volume available.
Yield is good with a good supply of all sizes available.
Yield is good with good supplies of all sizes available.
Yield is good.
Yield is high.
Yield is higher, too.
Yield is important.
Yield is in bushels per acre, and rainfall is in inches.
Yield is influenced by specifics of vineyard location and layout.
Yield is intermediate and has an early vine maturity.
Yield is less.
Yield is light.
Yield is likely to be reduced very little when drought stress occurs during the vegetative period.
Yield is limited by the nutrient in shortest supply.
Yield is low.
Yield is lower at close drain spacings because dry stress is greater.
Yield is more related to the feet of row edge than to total ground area covered with plants.
Yield is mostly fair to good.
Yield is mostly good.
Yield is normal.
Yield is optional.
Yield is poor and seed has a low test weight.
Yield is poor to fair.
Yield is probably most important to investors who are trying to generate current income.
Yield is reduced by the loss of leaves.
Yield is reduced most when stress starts during soft dough or during or following heading.
Yield is reduced the most when stress starts during soft dough or during or following heading.
Yield is said to have reached a ton per day.
Yield is significantly increased Input cost is lowered.
Yield is similar to Northland.
Yield is six gallons.
Yield is still the driving force for evaluating germ plasm.
Yield is the amount of beef versus fat on the carcass.
Yield is the amount of clean wool obtained from grease wool expressed as a percentage.
Yield is the amount of the profit divided by the amount of money invested.
Yield is the culmination or the end result of that genetics by environment relationship.
Yield is the current return on a bond in the market.
Yield is the income received as a percent of what the investment cost.
Yield is the income return on the security to maturity.
Yield is the latest dividend rate divided by the latest closing price.
Yield is the load divided by the stream's drainage area.
Yield is the major factor in determining profitability of an alfalfa stand.
Yield is the most important variable affecting crop returns.
Yield is the number of students who are admitted and choose to attend.
Yield is the percent of admitted students enrolling.
Yield is the percentage of admitted candidates who decide to accept an offer of admission.
Yield is the percentage of admittees who enroll.
Yield is the primary breeding target.
Yield is the rate of return.
Yield is usually higher in reharvests.
Yield is usually lower in hybrids with elevated oil levels.
Yield is variable depending on the extent of the decay and subsequent degree of saturation.
Yield is variable.
Yield is very good with good supplies available for the next two weeks.
Yield is very good.
Yield is VERY good.
Yield is what is paid to an investor on a regular basis.
Yield is what the fund pays shareholders.
Yield is where the two crops have parted ways.
Yield provides instant gratification in the form of regular income checks.
Yield refers to grain yield unless otherwise noted.
Yield remains low.
Yield represents the rate of return on a bond.
Yield spreads on relatively risky assets widen dramatically.
Yield starts to deteriorate as parts start to deteriorate.
Yield strains for bovine trabecular bone are isotropic but asymmetric.
Yield turns out to be low.
Yield varies with page coverage and density settings.
Yields also depend on locational factors such as soil fertility, rainfall, and temperature.
Yields are about the same for longer and shorter term bonds.
Yields are above last year in Alabama, California, Delaware, Illinois, Missouri, and New Mexico.
Yields are also available for vegetables.
Yields are also higher because the process is less complex than masking.
Yields are an acid-test indicator of investment values and trends.
Yields are as of date above.
Yields are average and above, with generally good quality.
Yields are average for all other varieties.
Yields are average to good.
Yields are average to slightly below average due to excess moisture.
Yields are average.
Yields are below average.
Yields are better than last year in most of the Midwest and Central states.
Yields are better when there are enough varieties for cross-pollination.
Yields are comparable to traditional hybrids.
Yields are competitive with current glyphosate products on the market.
Yields are dependent on fragment size.
Yields are dependent upon water flow, aeration, and water temperature.
Yields are down in Virginia, New Jersey, and Texas.
Yields are early and bountiful.
Yields are exceptional.
Yields are extremely unpredictable and varying.
Yields are extremely variable depending on planting date, location and drainage.
Yields are fair to good.
Yields are fair.
Yields are for foodservice applications.
Yields are generally above average.
Yields are generally below average but there have been some fields of above average yields.
Yields are generally below average for all crops throughout the province.
Yields are generally heavier than determinate types, but are usually later to mature.
Yields are good to very good.
Yields are good with slightly lower bushel weights.
Yields are heavy on a strong vine.
Yields are heavy, but sizes are all over the place.
Yields are high and overall quality is very good.
Yields are high and the tubers are relatively large.
Yields are high and, most important, flavor is great, nicely acidic.
Yields are high as well.
Yields are high but gradeout is relatively poor.
Yields are high.
Yields are higher under longer than shorter photoperiods.
Yields are higher with longer terms to compensate investors for tying up their money longer.
Yields are highly dependent upon fractures, faults, and solution channels.
Yields are highly variable from year to year.
Yields are important but profitability remains the most important issue.
Yields are impressivley high.
Yields are in bushels per acre.
Yields are in pounds of dry matter.
Yields are in pounds per acre.
Yields are in the range of five to seven tons per acre.
Yields are kind of spread out.
Yields are light, particularly in the Annapolis Valley region.
Yields are light.
Yields are likely to be very low.
Yields are likely to increase as new production technology is developed.
Yields are low compared to soybeans, but price per pound is higher.
Yields are lower than last year due to shortage of water and grain-eating birds attacks.
Yields are lower than on irrigated land and so a decent profit requires more area on which to grow.
Yields are lower than on taxable issues.
Yields are lower with later sowings.
Yields are medium and tuber specific gravity is low to medium.
Yields are medium high.
Yields are medium to good, and the tubers store very well.
Yields are medium to high with medium specific gravity.
Yields are medium to high.
Yields are moderate.
Yields are much better than last year.
Yields are much lower than with seedling tissue.
Yields are naturally low due to the age of the vines.
Yields are nearly half that of other regions.
Yields are normal and quality is reported to be good.
Yields are off some.
Yields are often lower than following other crops.
Yields are on the rise too.
Yields are only half of the REIT return equation.
Yields are poor on heavy clays, particularly if there is waterlogging.
Yields are poor.
Yields are products.
Yields are proportional to the seeding rates used.
Yields are quite variable.
Yields are relative to sawfly resistant varieties.
Yields are relatively low.
Yields are remarkably high yet wine quality is always good.
Yields are significantly higher in raised beds since wasted space is nil.
Yields are similar, although cabernet franc normally buds and ripens somewhat earlier.
Yields are slightly less than flue-cured.
Yields are smaller for hot peppers.
Yields are some what higher than earlier cuttings but still below normal.
Yields are somewhat less than normal due to blossom drop or pollination.
Yields are still generally good.
Yields are still very low.
Yields are subject to weekly updates.
Yields are therefore low unless repeated applications and high quantities of pesticides are used.
Yields are up for all commodities from last year.
Yields are up in all States except Mississippi and Missouri, where they are down only slightly.
Yields are usually high.
Yields are usually higher than that paid for savings bonds.
Yields are usually rather lower for codling than for cod.
Yields are variable from well above average to below average due to the dry summer.
Yields are very good.
Yields are very high and borne on a good strong vine.
Yields are very high, cooking quality is very good.
Yields are very high.
Yields are very stable, reflecting consistency in the feedstock collection system.
Yields are very variable.
Yields are way, way down.
Yields are well below average.
Yields are, in general, high enough to make net profits higher due to reduced cost.
Yields assume that all dividends are compounded.
Yields can be as high.
Yields can be different because of inflation.
Yields can be slightly higher without affecting quality.
Yields can vary dramatically in any field.
Yields can vary for many reasons beyond the farmer's control.
Yields can vary greatly among the counties within a district and from one farm to the next.
Yields continue to be rainfall dependent.
Yields cost justification for rebuilds, upgrades, and process improvements.
Yields decrease progressively for cows calving in the winter, spring and summer, respectively.
Yields decrease progressively in freshening occurs in winter, spring, and summer.
Yields depend heavily upon federal bond yields.
Yields depend on rainfall, cultivation practices and use of fertilizer.
Yields depend on the size of the template.
Yields fall as maturity lengthens.
Yields fall at higher levels of gypsum.
Yields get better as organic practices are continued, and pest problems virtually disappear.
Yields have to be competitive with other ginseng growing areas.
Yields have to improve.
Yields hit record levels and surpluses quickly accumulated despite planting-reduction programmes.
Yields largely depend upon the degree of insect cross-pollination.
Yields look good to excellent with good sizing.
Yields look promising with excellent pod set and fill.
Yields look promising.
Yields look very good but rains have hindered u-pick operations.
Yields measured are as good as last year .
Yields move inversely to prices.
Yields obtained from private wells usually fall near the lower values.
Yields pastels only.
Yields quoted represent current performance and are no guarantee of future results.
Yields remain about average, but quality has been downgraded due to sprouting and weathering.
Yields remain constant as maturity lengthens.
Yields represent past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.
Yields rise as maturity lengthens.
Yields tend to be greater with mixtures than with grass or legume alone.
Yields tend to be high.
Yields tend to be low due to a lack of moisture and inadequate nutrition.
Yields tend to decline at southern Minnesota locations and with hot weather conditions.
Yields tend to increase over the years with yield variations decreasing.
Yields there are reportedly average to above average.
Yields vary according to quality and size, but the following can serve as a guide.
Yields vary by individual as well as with weather conditions and site factors.
Yields vary considerably among sites due to soil and precipitation differences.
Yields vary considerably with the cultivar, the location and weather conditions.
Yields vary depending on characteristics of the deal.
Yields vary from above average for some crops in some areas to poor in other areas.
Yields vary greatly with each field.
Yields vary greatly, depending on growing conditions and cultivar.
Yields vary too.
Yields vary widely among growers, depending on the experience and management skills of the grower.
Yields vary with the size and difficulty of arranging a line of credit.
Yields when averaged over a rotation are considerably lower.
Yield often integrates a number of factors that affect the potential performance of a variety.
Yields often change, and sometimes major changes in reaction conditions are needed.
Yield usually is the most important factor to consider in selecting a corn hybrid.
Yields usually increase dramatically.
Yields usually increase up through the seventh to eighth year.
Yields usually refers to production per unit area of a single crop.
All yields are from constant-maturity series.
All yields are of pure isolated product and based upon the imine.
All yields are to maturity and based on the asked quote.
Every yin organ is related to a yang organ with a similarly function.
Yin shock makes ghosts hop, too.
Yin isa idea.
Yin isa thought.
Yip man declines the offer.
A yip is a cry
Yips also can plague other athletes at critical points.
Yips are a mind problem, too.
YMCA basketball has leagues all over the Lower Mainland.
YMCA basketball teaches life skills.
YMCA facilities are available for rent.
YMCA members can climb for free during the open sessions.
YMCA membership is more than access to programs and facilities.
YMCA membership is required.
YMCA memberships are continuous or yearly.
YMCA participant carries both privileges and responsibilities.
YMCA programs are for everyone.
YMCA programs are state licensed.
YMCA programs are tools for building the values of caring, honesty, respect and responsibility.
YMCA programs are tools for building the values of caring, honesty, respect, responsibility.
YMCA programs guide youth, enrich families, enhance health, and promote intercultural understanding.
YMCA programs offer a nurturing, stimulating environment.
YMCA programs teach the core values of caring, honesty, respect and responsibility.
YMCA staff meets all state-licensing standards.
Yoga asana is a physical exercise program that reduces stress in the body and thus in the mind.
Yoga asanas are safe and effective for people of all ages.
Yoga asanas can strengthen weak areas and ease muscular tension.
Yoga asanas exercise the entire body while increasing flexibility, strength and stamina.
Yoga asanas exercise the entire body while increasing flexibility, strength, and stamina.
Yoga asanas lessen the effects of such problems as overweight, backache, and depression.
Yoga breathing involves learning to breathe deeply and slowly.
Yoga breathing produces a huge storage of energy in the solar plexus area.
Yoga classes are also good ways to learn posture, relaxation, and physical stretching exercises.
Yoga classes are another good choice.
Yoga classes are available in most communities, some free and others for a small fee.
Yoga classes are available.
Yoga classes are for beginners to advance.
Yoga classes are one option.
Yoga classes are open to all levels.
Yoga classes emphasize postures for all levels.
Yoga Classes Learn to relax through the art of Yoga.
Yoga classes meet in the meeting house for every interested person, beginner or experienced.
Yoga classes tailored to pregnant women can also help women cope with stress during their pregnancy.
Many yoga classes combine relaxation, muscle stretching and breathing exercises.
Most yoga classes consist of a dozen or so gentle poses and end with meditation.
Most yoga classes follow a similar format, varying in degrees of duration and intensity.
Yoga exercise is of psychosomatic condition on the practitioner.
Yoga exercises are age old and is reported to provide a variety of health benefits.
Yoga exercises are excellent for stretching and massaging the internal organs.
Yoga exercises can be especially beneficial here too.
Yoga exercises stretch and relax the major muscle groups and help release tension and fatigue.
Yoga exercises stretch and tone the body muscles.
Some yoga exercises are good.
Yoga mat is near a sturdy vertical surface.
Yoga mats are available for sale at The Peaceful Dragon.
Yoga mats are available in the green cabinet outside the classroom.
Yoga positions can be complex and are often sustained for a lengthy period of time.
Some yoga positions require a higher degree of agility than others, and injuries can occur.
Yoga postures are helpful as they tone up the digestive system generally.
Yoga postures bring physical as well as mental stability, health and vigor.
Yoga postures can help open up the chest and increase blood flow.
Yoga postures help to maintain good circulation, muscle tone, and ease of movement in the joints.
Yoga postures work on the same principle as the breath.
Many yoga postures require many major and minor muscle groups to be used simultaneously.
Yoga therapy begins with relaxation.
Yoga therapy can often complement other therapies.
Yoga therapy retains the basic principles and aims of yoga.
A yoga is religion
Yoga achieves union of body, mind and spirit.
Yoga activates a person's energy by working with the autonomic nervous system.
Yoga acts as that, as well as providing a means of staying physically fit.
Yoga actually loosens the muscles in the body, putting it in a state close to that of being asleep.
Yoga actually predates Hinduism by many centuries.
Yoga adds value to their general health.
Yoga aims at relieving depression at various levels.
Yoga allows kids a much needed time out.
Yoga allows one to exercise, relax, and meditate all within the same hour.
Yoga allows people who have health problems to regain a sense of the power of their body.
Yoga alone can bring peace to the world, for it dives into the depths of man.
Yoga also can benefit women both emotionally and physically.
Yoga also can directly alleviate many of the most troublesome symptoms of menopause.
Yoga also helps to improve flexibility.
Yoga also helps to prepare both physically and mentally for the birth ahead.
Yoga also helps to reverse the aging process.
Yoga also teaches one to recognize tension in the body.
Yoga attempts to restore it through training that produces bodily health.
Yoga balances the mind and calms wandering thoughts.
Yoga begins with self-acceptance and focuses on the present moment.
Yoga begins with the body and it ends transcending it.
Yoga believes that the body is as young as it is flexible.
Yoga benNutricises both novices and highly experienced practitioners.
Yoga brings about mental relaxation through a two-pronged approach.
Yoga brings the mind to what the body is doing.
Yoga builds physical stature and mental tenure.
Yoga calms the mind, energises the body and gives a person a greater sense of well-being.
Yoga can add a little variety to a stretching routine.
Yoga can also be helpful.
Yoga can also help alleviate headaches.
Yoga can also help stabilize the emotions.
Yoga can also help with overall muscle balance.
Yoga can also improve physical coordination, flexibility and promote improved sleep and digestion.
Yoga can be a tremendously creative and healing element for city dwellers.
Yoga can be an effective exercise for all fitness levels.
Yoga can be far more than a highly effective series of esoteric physical exercises.
Yoga can be gentle to the body yet stimulating to the internal organs, glands, and metabolism.
Yoga can be the answer to many of today's health problems.
Yoga can be the solution that heals .
Yoga can be the solution that heals.
Yoga can be treacherous.
Yoga can be very vigorous or very gentle.
Yoga can be wonderful to relieving stress and increasing flexibility.
Yoga can benefit people of all ages and abilities.
Yoga can benefit RSI sufferers in many ways.
Yoga can create support and provide nurturing.
Yoga can even give a permanent cure for some diseases.
Yoga can help counteract the aging fact of life.
Yoga can help even out and balance the muscle development.
Yoga can help increase sexual vitality and control.
Yoga can help promote a sense of physical aliveness and release patterns of stress and tension.
Yoga can help reduce blood pressure and improve the efficiency of the lungs.
Yoga can help relieve both our mental anxiety and the physical symptoms of stress.
Yoga can help.
Yoga can increase the quality of children's and young people's schooling.
Yoga can lead to greater capacity for creativity, richer relationships and enhanced sexuality.
Yoga can lower emotional and physical stress, and improve muscle tone, balance, strength, and focus.
Yoga can mean a lot of things to different people.
Yoga can minimize face wrinkles.
Yoga can prevent miscarriage and improves blood supply.
Yoga can provide solution for each and every health problem.
Yoga can pump healthy transformative juice into even the most soul-shriveled yuppie.
Yoga can relax the body and release stress using breath, movement and body control.
Yoga can work on specific areas of the body such as joints, liver, kidneys and heart.
Yoga causes the influx of karmic particles towards the soul of an individual.
Yoga claims to work on the muscular, glandular, and physical nervous systems.
Yoga combines dynamic physical exercise with a lifestyle philosophy.
Yoga comes as the life-giving force.
Yoga comes from the Greek term yoke, which means to connect.
Yoga comes out of the Hindu Vedas.
Yoga consists of various postures accompanied by coordinated breathing interspersed with meditation.
Yoga covers everything, from psychology to health and ethics.
Yoga creates a sense of community.
Yoga cultivates body awareness.
Yoga cultivates mental and emotional balance.
Yoga describes salvation as the healing of humanity's problems.
Yoga describes the experience as the tyranny of the senses .
Yoga develops strength and suppleness of the body and unifies body and mind.
Yoga develops strength, suppleness, awareness and alignment.
Yoga develops the chest and capacity of the lungs, promoting easier breathing.
Yoga develops the mind and the body.
Yoga does both.
Yoga does seem to have an effect on stress and minor aches and pains.
Yoga emphasizes deep breathing and relaxation for relief of anxiety and stress.
Yoga emphasizes deep breathing and the mind-body connection.
Yoga emphasizes how to breathe correctly.
Yoga emphasizes the connection between mind and body so that emotional insight is also addressed.
Yoga encourages an optimal diet.
Yoga engages the mind while it opens the body and aligns the spine.
Yoga enhances the immune system, organ functions and supports elimination.
Yoga exercises frees a great amount of tied up tension leading to mental and emotional relaxation.
Yoga exercises the muscles and joints, detoxifies the body, and restores vitality.
Yoga facilitates relaxation, flexibility and energy to bring the mind and body into balance.
Yoga fixes different parameters to determine which body is a fertile breeding ground for ailments.
Yoga focuses the mind, stretches the muscles, and is a great stress-relieving activity.
Yoga generates energy, rather than dissipates it.
Yoga gives a person the ability to be sexually fulfilled.
Yoga has many benefits - physiological, mental and spiritual.
Yoga has many different breathing techniques, from very fast and shallow to ultra-slow and deep.
Yoga has many faces.
Yoga has many moods.
Yoga has many strenuous poses.
Yoga has something for everyone.
Yoga has something very valuable, and useful to offer to everyone.
Yoga has to be done in a specific manner as it is a scientific system.
Yoga has wonderful physical and mental benefits creating a more fit and relaxed body and mind.
Yoga helps a majority of cases of insomnia.
Yoga helps athletes because they often have damaging movement patterns.
Yoga helps by cultivating a concentrated mind.
Yoga helps in controlling stress, depression, over anxiety, sleeplessness, etc.
Yoga helps make the body strong, flexible and graceful.
Yoga helps one to get in touch with reality by being in touch with the inner self.
Yoga helps people feel calmer and more relaxed, as well as being mentally alert and energetic.
Yoga helps people find their own inner stillness.
Yoga helps people to develop physical fitness and mental awareness and peace of mind.
Yoga helps people to take control of their lives by learning to control the body, breath and mind.
Yoga helps prepare mind, body and spirit for the power of birth.
Yoga helps reduce exam stress.
Yoga helps reduce stress and increase flexibility.
Yoga helps reduce stress and relax the mind and body.
Yoga helps relieve that pressure.
Yoga helps stabilize and manage weight.
Yoga helps stretch and tone muscles, and can improve posture and increase muscle endurance.
Yoga helps to achieve flexibility, health, and a balanced life.
Yoga helps to keep organs healthy despite everyday stresses.
Yoga helps to maintain balance.
Yoga helps to reduce stress and other mental health issues.
Yoga helps with just about every physical ailment, staves off anxiety and relieves stress.
Yoga helps with strength, flexibility.
Yoga holds that the universe is a complete organism, a wholeness by itself.
Yoga ignites the innate awareness of the human body, mind and soul.
Yoga improves cardiovascular health, tones muscles, increases flexibility and invokes calmness.
Yoga improves concentration, promotes well-being and helps the body stay flexible.
Yoga improves digestion, stimulates the glandular system, strengthens the nerves and reduces stress.
Yoga improves fitness and reduces stress.
Yoga improves fitness, lowers blood pressure, promotes relaxation, and reduces stress and anxiety.
Yoga improves flexibility, strengthens muscles and soothes injuries.
Yoga improves mood and tones the body.
Yoga improves posture and can also offer an aerobic workout.
Yoga improves respiration and chest muscles are able to relax.
Yoga improves strength and flexibility in the mind as well as the body, and aids relaxation.
Yoga increases flexibility, while building strength and stamina through various poses and postures.
Yoga increases lung capacity and makes breathing more free.
Yoga increases the awareness of our thoughts, feelings, and actions.
Yoga increases the practitioner's sensitivity to body movements and cellular changes.
Yoga increases vitality, concentration and a sense of well being.
Yoga involves an interplay between focus and attention.
Yoga involves breath control while holding the body in certain postures.
Yoga involves far more than either having or developing flexibility.
Yoga involves regulation of breathing and assuming certain body positions.
Yoga involves stretching postures that enhance flexibility and strength and improve circulation.
Yoga involves techniques for stretching, strengthening and relaxing the body.
Yoga is a big help in learning to relax the entire body.
Yoga is a classical form.
Yoga is a complementary therapy.
Yoga is a complete form of exercise that provides harmony and energy to lead life fully.
Yoga is a complete mind, body and spirit conditioner.
Yoga is a complete science of helping the mind to become clear or pure.
Yoga is a continuum of theory and practice.
Yoga is a discipline that takes great commitment and practice.
Yoga is a discipline which assists the practitioner to evolve.
Yoga is a discipline, a path for physical, mental, and spiritual growth.
Yoga is a dynamic system of physical exercise and a valuable philosophy to apply to everyday life.
Yoga is a form of active meditation.
Yoga is a form of meditation and exercise that provides deep relaxation for the mind and body.
Yoga is a fun and wonderful way for seniors to maintain their flexibility.
Yoga is a gentle form of exercise.
Yoga is a good antidote to all of that.
Yoga is a good example of the formal type.
Yoga is a good form of exercise for people with asthma.
Yoga is a good type of exercise for people with asthma.
Yoga is a good way to promote relaxation and to relieve stress and anxiety.
Yoga is a good way to relax before a performance.
Yoga is a great place to start.
Yoga is a great start to getting into shape.
Yoga is a great treasure.
Yoga is a great way to ease the stresses today's hectic lifestyles.
Yoga is a great way to keep fit during pregnancy.
Yoga is a great way to reduce stress.
Yoga is a great way to stretch, improve flexibility and experience deep relaxation.
Yoga is a great way to stretch, improve flexibility, and experience deep relaxation.
Yoga is a highly effective strategy for stress management.
Yoga is a holistic approach with a grand ontological view.
Yoga is a household word today.
Yoga is a life long practice.
Yoga is a living process.
Yoga is a meditative discipline that reduces anxiety while sharpening the mind.
Yoga is a mental as well as a physical practice.
Yoga is a mixture of surtain Stretches and posturs.
Yoga is a non-aerobic exercise.
Yoga is a pathway to that inner connection.
Yoga is a perfect form of exercise and meditation for weary business travelers.
Yoga is a personal matter.
Yoga is a physical and mental process designed to bring the practitioner s body and mind together.
Yoga is a positive benefit for people who suffer from anxiety.
Yoga is a posturing and breathing technique to induce relaxation.
Yoga is a powerful antidote to the stresses of modern-day life.
Yoga is a powerful form of exercise, stress meditation, and weight loss.
Yoga is a practical nonreligious method to develop radiant health and inner peace.
Yoga is a practical science as well, see our newsletter for a commentary about business yoga.
Yoga is a practice that combines stretching, controlled breathing, and relaxation.
Yoga is a practice which increases flexibility, circulation and can build muscle.
Yoga is a process of rejoicing.
Yoga is a process, and one learns along the way about form, meditation and relaxation.
Yoga is a process, as is Life.
Yoga is a process.
Yoga is a process-oriented activity with something to offer everyone.
Yoga is a program of precise posture and breathing.
Yoga is a pure science just like mathematics, physics or chemistry.
Yoga is a recent addition.
Yoga is a religious teaching.
Yoga is a science and an art.
Yoga is a scientific methodology of the experience and integration of the mind, body, and spirit.
Yoga is a series of exercise or postures which relax the mind and body.
Yoga is a series of exercises designed to strengthen the body and calm the mind.
Yoga is a set of practices to help quiet one's body, mind, and emotions.
Yoga is a slightly riskier form of meditation, simply because it involves physical exercises.
Yoga is a spiritual science which is very universal in it approach.
Yoga is a spontaneity of the movement of the lower self to the higher Self.
Yoga is a stepwise, stage wise eight fold path to final liberation from pain and suffering.
Yoga is a system of exercises aimed at attaining bodily or mental control and well-being.
Yoga is a system of exercises designed to realize physical or mental control and general well-being.
Yoga is a system of health that incorporates breathing exercises, stretching and relaxation.
Yoga is a system of mental and physical exercise.
Yoga is a systematic, scientific approach to things as they are.
Yoga is a systematized method of exploring the question.
Yoga is a terrific activity for pregnant women, as it provides both fitness and relaxation.
Yoga is a terrific addition to any kid's activities.
Yoga is a theory-practice continuum.
Yoga is a tool patients can use to empower themselves.
Yoga is a tool to use toward meditation.
Yoga is a toolbox for spiritual, mental, and physical health and well-being.
Yoga is a total life concept.
Yoga is a training in listening to our bodies.
Yoga is a training programme in itself.
Yoga is a truly remarkable system, because it enables one to improve.
Yoga is a unifying experience, between mind and body, the physical, the everyday, and the sacred.
Yoga is a union of the lower self with the higher self.
Yoga is a vast subject, a lifetimes study.
Yoga is a vehicle through which one can do that.
Yoga is a very simple, yet profound, stress management technique.
Yoga is a very vast subject because it is used for many things.
Yoga is a way of healing the separation through various stages.
Yoga is a way of life.
Yoga is a way to address stress on all levels.
Yoga is a wonderful discipline for getting control over stress.
Yoga is a wonderful physical and mental exercise.
Yoga is a wonderful way to gently detox.
Yoga is about adapting oneself to constant changes of the mind and body.
Yoga is about balance.
Yoga is about living in the present and bringing awareness to the body, the breath and the mind.
Yoga is about progression.
Yoga is about the union of mind, body, and spirit.
Yoga is actually a pretty good workout.
Yoga is all over the cheating thing.
Yoga is also a fabulous new way to increase flexibility.
Yoga is also a therapy for many diseases and disorders.
Yoga is also a wonderful source for bone growth.
Yoga is also available.
Yoga is also excellent to prevent back pain.
Yoga is also part of the curriculum as well.
Yoga is also spiritual and thus infinite, a very deep subject indeed.
Yoga is among the oldest known systems of health practiced in the world today.
Yoga is an advanced form of stretching.
Yoga is an aid to the concentration of mind.
Yoga is an all age inclusive form that benefits individuals of any level of physical fitness.
Yoga is an alternating series based on classical yoga poses and vinyasas.
Yoga is an ancient discipline concerned with developing a holistic healthy and harmonious lifestyle.
Yoga is an ancient form of exercise that involves meditation, relaxation and breathing.
Yoga is an ancient philosophy or discipline that originated in India a few thousand years ago.
Yoga is an ancient posturing and breathing technique from India.
Yoga is an ancient science of philosophy of life.
Yoga is an ancient science with numerous practical applications for modern society.
Yoga is an ancient system of exercises tuned to the nature of the body and the mind.
Yoga is an ancient system of Indian mysticism that aims to generate mental control.
Yoga is an ancient technique excellent for toning, weight control, and stress reduction.
Yoga is an ancient tradition developed for the purpose of self development.
Yoga is an ancient tradition that provides many riches for life today.
Yoga is an easy way for anyone to exercise.
Yoga is an eight-limbed system for anyone who wants to improve quality of life.
Yoga is an entirely personal experience.
Yoga is an eternal truth.
Yoga is an exact science.
Yoga is an excellent complement to sports like running, tennis and football.
Yoga is an excellent means of relaxation and self care.
Yoga is an excellent preparation for labor and delivery.
Yoga is an excellent therapy to relax.
Yoga is an excellent way to relieve stress.
Yoga is an excellent way to stretch and strengthen the body, focus the mind, and relax the spirit.
Yoga is an exercise that leaves one feeling refreshed in body and spirit.
Yoga is an exhilarting, holistic experience harmonizing body, mind, breath and spirit.
Yoga is an experiential learning.
Yoga is an experiential science.
Yoga is an important teaching in Hindu's life in Indonesia.
Yoga is an independent effort unconnected with transient objects.
Yoga is another choice for relaxation and pain relief.
Yoga is another good exercise option.
Yoga is another low-impact choice.
Yoga is as much a spiritual as a physical practice.
Yoga is at the same time a system of knowledge and a system of action.
Yoga is awareness, transformation of the human consciousness into divine consciousness.
Yoga is based on a sound philosophy and deep psychology.
Yoga is believed to induce relaxation and stress reduction.
Yoga is beneficial for indigestion.
Yoga is beneficial for persons of all ages, backgrounds, shapes, and sizes.
Yoga is beyond the reach of such a one.
Yoga is blend of exercise in breathing, movement, still poses and deep relaxation.
Yoga is both a philosophy and a science for developing a healthy body and mind.
Yoga is both a speculative school and a praxis.
Yoga is built into each day along with water aerobics.
Yoga is citta vrtti nirodha .
Yoga is common to both cultural traditions and forms their spiritual essence.
Yoga is completely gentle and safe exercise.
Yoga is considered a mystical science and it has been evolving for thousands of years.
Yoga is considered by many to be a tremendous tool for combating the concerns of an aging society.
Yoga is considered the ideal exercise.
Yoga is control of the mind, restraint of the mind-stuff.
Yoga is control of the mind.
Yoga is defined as balance, centering, or equanimity, samatva.
Yoga is defined as having eight branches.
Yoga is designed to gain unity of body, mind and spirit, thus relieving tension.
Yoga is designed to stimulate the nerves running along the spine.
Yoga is developing our consciousness, otherwise it is exotic gymnastics.
Yoga is different from all other forms of exercises in many ways.
Yoga is distinctly different from other kinds of exercise.
Yoga is done in bare feet.
Yoga is done with bare feet.
Yoga is easy to do and is a strong self-help tool for people of any age and ability.
Yoga is especially beneficial for some of the conditions associated with aging such as arthritis.
Yoga is especially ideal for people that are overweight, elderly, pregnant, or all three.
Yoga is especially useful for women dealing with menopausal symptoms.
Yoga is essentially a spiritual matter concerning spiritual methods.
Yoga is excellent.
Yoga is exercise for the body, mind, and spirit .
Yoga is exercise, with a difference.
Yoga is extremely versatile.
Yoga is far more than simply a healthful exercise system.
Yoga is first and foremost a science of Self-realization.
Yoga is first and foremost a spiritual pursuit.
Yoga is for ages, shapes, sizes, and fitness levels.
Yoga is for all.
Yoga is for every body, of any age or fitness level.
Yoga is for every body.
Yoga is for Everybody.
Yoga is for man on earth.
Yoga is for people of all ages, fitness levels, and physical abilities.
Yoga is frequently part of stress-reduction programs.
Yoga is generally a paraphernalia-free activity.
Yoga is gentle, yet challenging and safe for all execisers.
Yoga is good for children s lungs.
Yoga is good for relaxation, and promotes a sense of well-being.
Yoga is good stuff.
Yoga is good, too.
Yoga is great for improving flexibility.
Yoga is great for musicians.
Yoga is great for stress reduction and increased flexibility.
Yoga is happiness.
Yoga is highly relevant in the modern day context.
Yoga is hotter than ever.
Yoga is invigoration in relaxation.
Yoga is just a different route to that same process.
Yoga is just one of their gifts to the mankind.
Yoga is known for decreasing health problems or fixing existing problems.
Yoga is known in the Western world primarily as a form of physical exercise using breath control.
Yoga is like music.
Yoga is like that.
Yoga is many different things to each person who does it.
Yoga is meditation.
Yoga is mentioned every day on radio and television as an alternative to mainstream medicine.
Yoga is mindful.
Yoga is more a state of being rather than outward doing.
Yoga is more effective than pumping iron for building strength, flexibility, and muscle tissue.
Yoga is more popular on the West Coast and it's growing around the world.
Yoga is more than asanas.
Yoga is more than just exercise.
Yoga is more than just forming the body into differently shaped pretzels.
Yoga is more than just meditation.
Yoga is more than just studying the physical asanas.
Yoga is most successful, especially in a short period of time.
Yoga is no different.
Yoga is no less magical than the power of life itself.
Yoga is non-competitive and arises from within.
Yoga is non-stressful.
Yoga is of tremendous benefit to persons with arthritis, fibromyalgia, and multiple sclerosis.
Yoga is offered at all Wellspring locations .
Yoga is offered through the physical education department.
Yoga is okay.
Yoga is one Eastern import that can improve a student's way of life.
Yoga is one form of meditation involving control over the body, breathing, and the thoughts.
Yoga is one of six classical Indian philosophies.
Yoga is one of the best remedy to cope up with the jetlag.
Yoga is one of the best ways to achieve it.
Yoga is one of the great treasures of the East.
Yoga is one of the most ancient art forms, originating in India thousands of years ago.
Yoga is one of the orthodox philosophies of India.
Yoga is one of the recommended paths.
Yoga is one of the six orthodox systems of Indian philosophy.
Yoga is one of the twenty four words that are the same in every language.
Yoga is one reflection of a teaching that is everywhere.
Yoga is one.
Yoga is only one of the activities that bridges that gap.
Yoga is only one of Yoga's many branches.
Yoga is open to all people of all ages and levels of physical condition.
Yoga is open to people of all ages and levels of physical condition.
Yoga is optional.
Yoga is particularly valuable as one grows older.
Yoga is performed barefoot.
Yoga is perhaps one of the most widely practised of spiritual disciplines, yet often misunderstood.
Yoga is physical but it also helps one feel less stressed.
Yoga is popular.
Yoga is possible for anybody who really wants it.
Yoga is practical.
Yoga is practiced as a very bodily oriented system.
Yoga is practiced barefoot so please wear shoes and socks that are easily removed.
Yoga is practised bare-footed.
Yoga is practised for physical and spiritual well being.
Yoga is probably of greater potential benefit to elderly people than to any other group.
Yoga is probably one of the more well known disciplines.
Yoga is rhythm.
Yoga is said to have many paths.
Yoga is said to have originated as a meditative practice in ancient India.
Yoga is said to help improve flexibility and agility.
Yoga is shown to be a incredibly adaptable discipline.
Yoga is simple, powerful and effective, with direct and tangible benefits available for everyone.
Yoga is skill in action.
Yoga is skill in actions.
Yoga is skill in the performance of actions.
Yoga is so adaptable, literally anyone can practice.
Yoga is so rich in what it has to offer people.
Yoga is some kind of therapy.
Yoga is some specific school devoted to specific practices.
Yoga is something that can be practiced during any phase of life, even pregnancy.
Yoga is something which is dear to all.
Yoga is suitable for all ages and all levels of fitness.
Yoga is suitable for all both able bodied and disabled.
Yoga is suitable for most adults of any age or physical condition.
Yoga is suitable for people from all walks of life and with different levels of ability.
Yoga is supposed to be empowering, so it's quite frustrating when it emphasizes a weakness.
Yoga is symmetry.
Yoga is that which produce the heat that drives the flow of blood.
Yoga is the art of merging our individual energy with universal energy.
Yoga is the authors preferred fitness tool.
Yoga is the best way to come down.
Yoga is the best way to help reduce hair loss and greying.
Yoga is the best way to unwind.
Yoga is the calming of the disturbances of the heart.
Yoga is the essence of every religion and is that what all religions have in common.
Yoga is the first basic step in which one can tame the mind.
Yoga is the goal of meditation.
Yoga is the ideal exercise.
Yoga is the main form of exercise practised, including a unique form of dynamic yoga.
Yoga is the means by which that conquest becomes possible.
Yoga is the means to it.
Yoga is the most effective ways of maintaining healthier life.
Yoga is the most holistic and completely balanced system on the planet.
Yoga is the most positive of truths.
Yoga is the oldest form of personal development which includes mind, body and spirit.
Yoga is the oldest science of life.
Yoga is the oldest system of personal development using mind, body, and spirit.
Yoga is the oldest system of personal development, encompassing mind , body, and spirit.
Yoga is the path to quieting the body and the mind, an almost impossible task.
Yoga is the practice of different postures as a form of physical exercise and meditation.
Yoga is the process of becoming free from limited definitions of the field of consciousness.
Yoga is the process of making oneself whole.
Yoga is the product of balanced mental function.
Yoga is the restraint of the modifications of the mind.
Yoga is the rise of consciousness from the lower to the higher degree of reality, by stages.
Yoga is the same way.
Yoga is the science and philosophy of transcending the self.
Yoga is the science of creating a relationship between the human and the infinite.
Yoga is the science of life.
Yoga is the science of right living and, as such, is intended to be incorporated in daily life.
Yoga is the science of the self, and kundalini is the awakening of the self.
Yoga is the stilling of the whirlpools of the mind.
Yoga is the suppression of the modifications of the mind.
Yoga is the the rejection of all thoughts and concerns.
Yoga is the union of body, mind and breath.
Yoga is the union of the individual soul with the cosmic consciousness.
Yoga is the union of the individual's consciousness with universal consciousness.
Yoga is the unique method of maintaining that balance.
Yoga is the unity, or the harmony, or the oneness, that exists already.
Yoga is the way to become one with the body, breath, and mind all a once.
Yoga is therefore no dream, no illusion of mystics.
Yoga is thus an integral subject which takes into consideration man as a whole.
Yoga is to be performed without attachment to the results.
Yoga is to be practiced on an empty stomach.
Yoga is to control thoughts as they arise.
Yoga is to religion what food and eating are to the science of nutrition.
Yoga is today's answer to stress management.
Yoga is tremendously beneficial for any student.
Yoga is union with all.
Yoga is union.
Yoga is universal.
Yoga is used for preparation of sports.
Yoga is used in disorders where western medicine has little or no role to play.
Yoga is used to stimulate the elimination of wastes and aid in the intake of energy.
Yoga is very important for each and every person, from a child to an aged one.
Yoga is very similar to stretching and is usually performed in a series of movements.
Yoga is well-suited for practitioners of every level, from neophyte to guru.
Yoga is widespread and popular at some universities and YMCAs.
Yoga is wonderful.
Yoga is yoga.
Yoga is Youthfulness .
Yoga is Youthfulness.
Yoga is, a moderation of conduct and an internal adjustment.
Yoga isa faith.
Yoga isa religion.
Yoga knows the ancients.
Yoga literally means 'to join'.
Yoga literally means 'union' of the mind, body, and spirit.
Yoga looks to engage in the spiritual path rather than to speculate about it.
Yoga lowers blood pressure and can reduce risk of heart disease.
Yoga maintains that the sloth bear is a shy creature.
Yoga makes arterial flow easier without an increase in systolic pressure.
Yoga makes no distinctions.
Yoga makes one a perfect person.
Yoga means a union of all the broken parts of the consciousness.
Yoga means the experimental union of the individual with the divine.
Yoga means the science of mind management.
Yoga means the system, and yogi means the person who practices that system.
Yoga means to join or get connected.
Yoga means to join together or to unite.
Yoga means to join, to bring together, union or communion.
Yoga means union - harmony and balance of one's nature.
Yoga means union and it is a means of joining the real self with the unconscious self.
Yoga means union or joining.
Yoga means union with the self.
Yoga means union.
Yoga means yoke or union.
Yoga offers a good combination of stretch and relaxation.
Yoga offers a safe and preventative way to create and maintain a healthy mind and body.
Yoga offers a significant number of health benefits.
Yoga offers a significant number of proven health benefits.
Yoga offers much, much more.
Yoga offers powerful tools for transformation.
Yoga offers the whole life.
Yoga offers tools to control the mind - meditation, discipline, breath control, exercises.
Yoga offers yoga introductory classes, yoga philosophy teaching and workshops.
Yoga opens our hearts so our spirits ride more gently the winds of change.
Yoga poses that seem to work especially well are the warrior pose and tree pose.
Yoga prepares the body and mind for better play.
Yoga produces a natural stimulation without the depressing after-effect.
Yoga produces an unique physiological balance in the human body by connecting body, mind and spirit.
Yoga promises perennial bliss shorn of all misery.
Yoga promises perfection.
Yoga promotes health, flexibility and relaxation.
Yoga promotes the relaxation response and is helpful in stress management.
Yoga provides a full-body workout while improving balance and focus through concentrated breathing.
Yoga provides a means to attune the body and bring clarity to the mind.
Yoga provides exercise in a natural healthy and enjoyable way.
Yoga provides for an extremely beneficial and complete method aimed at total body and mind health.
Yoga Provides gentle stretching, breathing and relaxation exercises.
Yoga provides only flexibility type of exercise.
Yoga provides the finest system of education, for it brings out the best in a person.
Yoga provides the means to bring out the best in each individual.
Yoga provides the physical flexibility that allows for a flexible mind.
Yoga provides weight-bearing exercise that encourages strong bones.
Yoga recognizes the divine nature of all beings and things.
Yoga recognizes three separate forms of breathing - diaphragmatic, intercostal, and clavicular.
Yoga recommends such foods.
Yoga reduces back pain.
Yoga reduces stress and anxiety through meditation.
Yoga reduces tension and promotes a real sense of well-being.
Yoga relaxes muscle tension and calms the mind through breathing and stretching exercises.
Yoga releases the life-force called prana or chi.
Yoga reportedly helps counter problems attributed to thyroid conditions, diabetes and hypertension.
Yoga represents unity.
Yoga requires flexibility and a lot of upper-body strength.
Yoga requires no special equipment and can be done almost anywhere.
Yoga requires no special equipment other than a yoga mat and a pillow.
Yoga requires plenty of discipline.
Yoga requires union of everything in the personality with the universal.
Yoga resides in absolute stillness, Insulated from all mental illness.
Yoga says that there are four major tendencies which bear upon personality and behavior.
Yoga seeks to reintegrate the person by breathing and exercise.
Yoga seems to have been experiencing a new trend of popularity in the last couple of years.
Yoga selects the cells to absorb sugar.
Yoga serves as the glue for binding the mind, body and spirituality together as one.
Yoga sounds . . .
Yoga stimulates the circulation, digestion, and the nervous and endocrine systems.
Yoga stimulates the endocrine system, which is rejuvenating to the whole body.
Yoga strengthens the muscles of the mind, as well as the body.
Yoga strengthens the muscles, deepens breathing and makes the spine more flexible.
Yoga strengths the body's muscles and develops a centered balance.
Yoga stresses the importance of rather than achieving.
Yoga stresses the importance of the practice of truth in human life.
Yoga stretching exercise can help, or even shots of steroids into the wrist.
Yoga strives to achieve a healthy spine and back.
Yoga suggests that as long as the breath is still, prana is still, and hence citta is still.
Yoga teaches another way to get the saliva flowing.
Yoga teaches individuals to be present in one moment.
Yoga teaches postures that energize the body and stimulate circulation.
Yoga teaches postures that energize the body, increase flexibility and stimulate circulation.
Yoga teaches respect of the body and the importance of being present and aware in each moment.
Yoga teaches the individual focus and mental concentration while performing stretches and exercises.
Yoga uncovers the connnection between body and mind, while profoundly transforming both.
Yoga unites the positive and negative aspects of the body.
Yoga uses breathing techniques, exercise and meditation.
Yoga uses poses, breath, relaxation, and meditation to reach maximum physical and emotional health.
Yoga uses postures to correct inner malfunction according to natural principles.
Yoga utilizes breathing and relaxation techniques to also increase mobility and strength.
Yoga views one's body, emotions, mind, and spiritual self as a continuum of energy.
Yoga works on both body and mind to achieve harmony between the two.
Yoga works on both levels dealing simultaneously with stiffness, aches and pains and tension.
Yoga works on the mind and the body at the same time, as well as exploiting their interdependence.
Yoga works on the whole body, promoting strength, flexibility and good coordination.
Yoga works there too.
Yogas are art.
Yogas are discipline.
Yogas are exercises.
Yogas are human activities.
Yogas help depressions.
Yoghurt isa food.
Yoghurt isa matter.
Yoghurt isa nutrient.
A yogi is a philosopher
Yogi isa philosopher.
Yogis advise to keep the mind in a state of moderation.
Yogis are philosophers.
Yogis develop inner vision.
Yogis develop vision.
Yogis have (part) arms.
Yogis have (part) body substances.
Yogis have (part) cell membranes.
Yogis have (part) cells.
Yogis have (part) corpi.
Yogis have (part) cytoplasm.
Yogis have (part) heads.
Yogis have (part) human bodies.
Yogis have (part) legs.
Yogis have (part) material bodies.
Yogis have (part) necks.
Yogis have (part) nuclei.
Yogis have (part) personality.
Yogis have (part) plasma membranes.
Yogis have (part) sections.
Yogis have (part) vacuoles.
Yogis have the same brains as everyone else, the same central nervous system.
All yogis are one.
Many yogis sit along the roads.
Most yogis develop inner vision.
Most yogis develop vision.
Some yogis avoid wheat because it can be inflammatory, while others enjoy it with no problem.
Some yogis become experts.
Some yogis emphasize the third eye.
Some yogis inhale the fragrance of sandalwood through breathing exercises.
Yogic breathing is done with the mouth closed, taking air in through the nose.
Yogic exercise can improve body weight and cardiovascular endurance.
Some yogic exercises are necessary.
Yogic methods can also relieve a cramped muscle, a common affliction among divers.
Yogic philosophy considers it important to respect the body's limits.
Yogic practice has a balanced approach.
Yogic relaxation counteracts the bad effects of stress.
Yogic respiration makes the body strong and healthy.
Yogic treatment includes ayurvedic method of treatment to treat body without any side effects.
Yogurt aids digestion.
Yogurt contains bacteria.
Yogurt contains different bacteria.
Yogurt contains milk.
Yogurt contains proteins.
Yogurt contains sugar.
Yogurt has sugar.
Yogurt helps intestines.
Yogurt helps weight.
Yogurt is a dairy product
Yogurt is dairy products.
Yogurt is food.
Yogurt is located in fridges.
Yogurt is mixture.
Yogurt is solid food
Yogurt is white.
Yogurt isa food.
Yogurt isa matter.
Yogurt isa nutrient.
Yogurt makes lunch.
Yogurt promotes growth.
Yogurt provides proteins.
Yogurts containing live cultures are generally available wherever yogurt is sold.
Yogurts increase nutrition while decreasing fat.
Many yogurts contain digestion-friendly bacteria that can help decrease flatulence.
Many yogurts contain way too much sugar.
More yogurt makes more gravy.
Most yogurt contains bacteria.
Most yogurt contains different bacteria.
Most yogurt contains milk.
Most yogurt contains proteins.
Most yogurt contains sugar.
Most yogurt has sugar.
Most yogurt helps intestines.
Most yogurt helps weight.
Most yogurt makes lunch.
Most yogurt promotes growth.
Most yogurt provides proteins.
Some yogurt comes from cows.
Some yogurt helps infection.
Some yogurt helps production.
Some yogurt mixes with salad.
Some yogurt provides balance meals.
Some yogurt provides light meals.
Some yogurt provides meals.
Some yogurts have live cultures added by the manufacturer.
Yohimbine hydrochloride is indicated as a sympathicolytic and mydriatic.
Yoiung people have a hard time o say no, too much ure pressure.
A yoke is cloth
Yokes are connections.
Yokes are easier to knock off, and they blow o-rings with little or no warning.
Yokes are fabric.
Yokes are located in planes.
Yokes are oppression.
Yokes are optional.
Yokes are pairs.
Yokes are part of garments.
Yokes are single or double.
Yokes are support.
Yokes come with single stage regulators, gauges and all needed hoses.
Yokes doctrine with the Bible as source and vision for renewal of the church.
All yokes are rigorous and hard.
A yokel is a common man
Yokels are ignorant about where life came from, where it is going and why.
Yokels are robot-slaves to DNA .
Yokels can unconsciously sense the difference in a post-terrestrial.
Yoko san is a very nice charming lady.
Some yolk sacs contain food.
Some yolk sacs provide nourishment.
A yolk is food
YOLK assumes no liability for any error omissions in key numbers.
YOLK assumes no responsibility for errors in submitted information.
Yolk isa food.
Yolk isa nutrient.
Yolks are expelled into the oviduct.
Yolks are food.
Yolks are full of fat.
Yolks are liquids.
Yolks are located in eggs.
Yolks are part of eggs.
Yolks are the main nutrient sources for developing embryos.
Yolks are yellow.
Yolks contain elements.
Yolks contain embryos.
Yolks contain energy.
Yolks contain essential elements.
Yolks contain lipids.
Yolks contain nutrients.
Yolks contain phosphorus.
Yolks contain proteins.
Yolks contain valuable nutrients.
Yolks contain vitamins.
Yolks have properties.
Yolks provide food.
Yolks provide nourishment.
Yolks provide nutrients.
Most yolks contain elements.
Most yolks contain embryos.
Most yolks contain energy.
Most yolks contain essential elements.
Most yolks contain lipids.
Most yolks contain nutrients.
Most yolks contain phosphorus.
Most yolks contain proteins.
Most yolks contain valuable nutrients.
Most yolks contain vitamins.
Most yolks have properties.
Most yolks provide food.
Most yolks provide nourishment.
Most yolks provide nutrients.
Some yolks are part of anglerfish.
Some yolks are part of anglers.
Some yolks are part of argentines.
Some yolks are part of belugas.
Some yolks are part of bluefishes.
Some yolks are part of carps.
Some yolks are part of cods.
Some yolks are part of coelacanths.
Some yolks are part of coneys.
Some yolks are part of congers.
Some yolks are part of eggs.
Some yolks are part of fish.
Some yolks are part of flounder.
Some yolks are part of frogfishs.
Some yolks are part of gars.
Some yolks are part of gobies.
Some yolks are part of goldfishes.
Some yolks are part of guppies.
Some yolks are part of hammerheads.
Some yolks are part of hinds.
Some yolks are part of largemouths.
Some yolks are part of lungfishes.
Some yolks are part of mollies.
Some yolks are part of mosquitofishs.
Some yolks are part of mullets.
Some yolks are part of nits.
Some yolks are part of perches.
Some yolks are part of plaices.
Some yolks are part of rays.
Some yolks are part of remoras.
Some yolks are part of salmon.
Some yolks are part of sharks.
Some yolks are part of smallmouths.
Some yolks are part of snooks.
Some yolks are part of spawn.
Some yolks are part of sticklebacks.
Some yolks are part of stingrays.
Some yolks are part of stonefishs.
Some yolks are part of triggerfish.
Some yolks become blood.
Some yolks have values.
Yonaguni horses are short in stature, much like a pony.
Yonahlossee salamanders produce a slimy secretion from the tail to help discourage predators.
Yonder man is carried to prison.
Yoni mudra is one of the most important pratyahara techniques for closing the senses.
Yoni tea is safe for daily and long-term use.
Yoour donation can make it happen.
Yorkshire skipper quits Links to more Counties stories are at the foot of the page.
Yorkshire isa thing.
Yorktown site has flags of the American Revolution.
Yoruba music is.
Yoruba religion includes a variety of gods.
Yosemite leaseholders pay their rent into an account that is used to improve their facilities.
Yosemite officials defend their policies, saying they protect the park.
Yosemite valley is like a jewel in the middle.
Yosemite waterfalls reach their thundering peak.
Yoshino cherries are beautiful, but temperamental.
A yottabyte is an unit
Yottabytes are a lotta bytes.
YOUcentric technology is engineered for the Web economy from the ground up.
Youir eyes are like two lilypads floating on a pond.
Young achievers are able to choose from a broad spectrum covering seven categories.
Young acreage is in good condition.
Young acreage is in very good condition.
Young acreage shows good plant growth and blooming with pin beans forming.
Young acrobats can find their own center of gravity on various apparatus.
Young activists miss their commando and political mentor.
Young actor brings diversity, humour to 'Angel' Angel .
Young actors bask in the spotlight in a grand finale performance.
Young actors have backyard theaters on the clotheslines.
Young actress has dress slip down.
Young addax have a tan coloured coat with very faint or no markings.
Young addicts steal glue jars in the same way fruit is stolen from open stands.
Young adolescence is a developmental stage that requires special attention.
Young adolescents are also concerned about their appearance.
Young adolescents are capable of being cruel and impulsive.
Young adolescents are ill-equipped to learn if their health is compromised in any substantial way.
Young adolescents are in the midst of deciding what love is and setting standards for relationships.
Young adolescents are social beings and school is the center of a middle schoolers' social life.
Young adolescents avoid expressions of grief and discussions about the death.
Young adolescents inspire all kinds of jokes.
Young adolescents know they are changing.
Young adolescents nettle with their weird mix of innocence and churlishness.
Most young adolescents express social concerns.
Most young adolescents have preferences for types of music or genre and performers.
Young adult men consume proteins.
Young adult men consume soy proteins.
Young adult men have levels.
Young adult women have values.
Young adult working professionals and college students serve as youth advisors.
Young adults account for the majority of infections.
Young adults appear to be growing stingier too.
Young adults appear to perform daily literacy-oriented tasks as frequently as older adults.
Young adults are a funny mix.
Young adults are a very significant group of consumers.
Young adults are always of interest, particularly as fresh consuming units.
Young adults are at an awkward cross-road.
Young adults are at high risk.
Young adults are attuned to some aspects of American life.
Young adults are better at it than young children and old people.
Young adults are brown, with black stripes on their legs.
Young adults are common among staff.
Young adults are critical resources .
Young adults are different than teens.
Young adults are encourage to share their faith with peers through discussion and reflection.
Young adults are face with pressures in school to do good, in sports, at work and at home.
Young adults are light lemon-colored.
Young adults are lighter brown and darken to deep brown-black with age.
Young adults are like candy to our bloated criminal justice system.
Young adults are more apt to perform well at work if they are awake and alert.
Young adults are more likely to develop the disorder than older people.
Young adults are more likely to postpone marriage.
Young adults are most likely to die from sexual relationships in adolescence youth industry vs.
Young adults are most likely to move as they enter the workforce.
Young adults are most susceptible, with three times as many cases found in women as in men.
Young adults are often at parties where alcohol is served.
Young adults are often confused.
Young adults are often lighter in color, but darken as they age.
Young adults are often shy and uncertain, and they fear ridicule and disapproval.
Young adults are particularly at risk of engaging in binge drinking.
Young adults are particularly prone.
Young adults are passionately apathetic.
Young adults are perhaps the largest special interest group, and a special focus in several regions.
Young adults are pragmatic and want to be involved in activities that have local relevance.
Young adults are special clients.
Young adults are the backbone of the workforce.
Young adults are the least likely to have insurance.
Young adults are the most affected.
Young adults are traditionally less involved with politics due to their life circumstances.
Young adults are usually both inexperienced drivers as well as inexperienced drinkers.
Young adults are very involved in their jobs.
Young adults are welcome if they are sincerely interested in participation.
Young adults attached to boat hulls feel like grainy surfaces.
Young adults avoid excess.
Young adults become mature adults and the children become young adults.
Young adults begin life.
Young adults begin lonely life.
Young adults can be kind.
Young adults can become allergic to pharmaceutical drugs, pollen and insect stings.
Young adults can better understand their parents' generation, and vice versa.
Young adults can choose to read books, magazines, newspapers, or comics.
Young adults can grow a few inches taller even after the bones in the lower body become ossified.
Young adults can participate in youth leadership activities.
Young adults can piece together clues from the series of poems.
Young adults can push older church members to reclaim their Biblical roots.
Young adults change their antifreeze more often than older adults.
Young adults commit errors in judgment.
Young adults compete for spots.
Young adults do score highly on pop culture questions.
Young adults dominate the sensation-seeking cadre, but older people are jumping in, too.
Young adults don t have to move in search of work.
Young adults drink even more - up to three times as much soda as milk.
Young adults endorse informing and helping parents.
Young adults establish homes.
Young adults express their educational goals and career goals.
Young adults face a challenging world of jobs and skills.
Young adults face new decisions and challenges nearly every day.
Young adults face several critical issues.
Young adults face very specific developmental challenges.
Young adults find people who share their problems.
Young adults form a crucial bridge between one generation and the next.
Young adults go into the workforce believing that equal opportunities exist for men and women.
Young adults go on a religious mission.
Young adults have a reading area to call their own, and study carrels abound.
Young adults have access to the Internet for information searches, e-mail, games and browsing.
Young adults have differing incentives based on the library.
Young adults have existence.
Young adults have interests and abilities that require special resources and services .
Young adults have mass.
Young adults have more freedom to engage in promiscuous sex and other risky behaviors.
Young adults have no hope, no future.
Young adults have solitary existence.
Young adults have the highest rates of moving.
Young adults have their own summer reading club and volunteer program.
Young adults have to come to terms with life and death.
Young adults have types.
Young adults have varied interests and more diverse priorities than the older generation had.
Young adults learn new skills, and develop lifelong friendships.
Young adults leave homes.
Young adults live in community housing in a neighborhood of their choice.
Young adults live social, high-energy lives.
Young adults live with their parents until they marry.
Young adults lose their parental home when they go to college or marry.
Young adults love intergenerational activities.
Young adults make relationships with others.
Young adults move more often, selling their homes to other young adults.
Young adults move to cities.
Young adults plug in at the internet cafes.
Young adults prefer pampering.
Young adults publish resum s and profiles, humor and anecdotes.
Young adults receiving the degree With confidence, in the future they see.
Young adults recognize formation about marriage counseling.
Young adults relax on the ground, leaning on pillows and shin-high tables.
Young adults remain on vegetarian diet longer than on weight loss diets.
Young adults remain the most dedicated users of the Internet.
Young adults represent the next generation of members and leaders of our congregations.
Young adults research their options on advancing their education.
Young adults respond well to large visuals, technology, and music.
Young adults run special risks.
Young adults run the greatest risk for acquiring a sexually transmitted disease.
Young adults search for a partner to love and marry.
Young adults search for peers, friends, and associates who reflect their viewpoints or perspectives.
Young adults seem to be turning away from the intellectual and philosophical concerns.
Young adults seem to face the world in a way that is distinct from their adolescent days.
Young adults serve as an important link between the teenage and middle-age world view.
Young adults serve as ushers, greeters, liturgists and lay preachers.
Young adults set up households.
Young adults stay lost till mid-life playing with aids or flaunting gay pride.
Young adults tend to drink with same-sex peers.
Young adults tend to have different motivations for giving to the church than older adults have.
Young adults use the Internet for entertainment, but everyone logs on for news.
Young adults visit local prison to gain insight from prisoners who share their life experience.
Young adults work in a garden, where they earn a salary and learn improved agricultural skills.
Young adults wrestle with career choices.
All young adults are welcome to join.
ALL young adults are welcome.
Many young adults are often more worried about pregnancy than about STDs.
Many young adults are the products of marriages that ended in divorce.
Many young adults become historical fiction fans.
Many young adults entering the professional world find a welcoming home at Paulist parishes.
Many young adults feel it's important that their potential spouses are soul mates.
Many young adults find it difficult to obtain guarantees of confidentiality.
Many young adults have sex.
Many young adults marry out of feelings of loneliness.
Many young adults offer their time and talents or donate money to charities.
Many young adults postpone marriage because they fear failure.
Many young adults reestablish relationships with parents once they are out of high school.
Many young adults remember their first experience with a computer.
Many young adults struggle with learning to navigate and survive rocky relationship waters.
More young adults realize the importance of having a certificate in their chosen profession.
Most young adults are healthy and have little experience seeking medical care.
Most young adults are responsible only for themselves.
Most young adults avoid excess.
Most young adults begin life.
Most young adults begin lonely life.
Most young adults compete for spots.
Most young adults complete high school by earning a regular high school diploma.
Most young adults establish homes.
Most young adults have existence.
Most young adults have mass.
Most young adults have solitary existence.
Most young adults have types.
Most young adults leave homes.
Most young adults move to cities.
Some young adults receive chemotherapy.
Some young adults remain with parents.
Some young adults shrug off the pain, thinking it is dumb to be sad.
Young adulthood can be a time of loneliness, emotional turmoil, and confusion.
Young adulthood is the time when most people do their parenting.
Young adulthood is the time when persons are most open to the concept of citizen responsibility.
Young adulthood spans a generation.
Young alewives are often hard to find, as they hide in weedy beds and deep water during the day.
Young alewives eat zooplankton, adding insect larvae to their diets as they mature.
Young alfalfa is susceptible to damage by grazing waterfowl.
Young alligators are actually dark brown or black.
Young alligators are an easy prey to carnivorous fish, birds and mammals.
Young alligators are black above, with bright stripes and blotches of yellow.
Young alligators are black with bright yellow blotches and stripes.
Young alligators are called hatchlings.
Young alligators are eaten by raccoons, large fish, birds and other alligators.
Young alligators begin development as hard-shelled eggs laid in a nest.
Young alligators can be more colorful with yellow or white highlights on a black body.
Young alligators consume fish.
Young alligators eat insects, fish and frogs.
Young alligators eat insects.
Young alligators feed mostly on insects, snails, frogs and small fish.
Young alligators feed on insects, frog and fish.
Young alligators grow about one foot per year for the first few years.
Young alligators have more of a muted moaning type of grunt.
Young alligators remain in areas.
Most young alligators consume fish.
Most young alligators eat insects.
Most young alligators remain in areas.
Some young alligators have attitude.
Some young alligators reach feet.
Some young alums are busy inventing everyday consumer products.
Young amateurs show off some of their well done pussies.
Some young amphibians can even grow new eyes or gills when they are injured.
Young animals are animals.
Young animals are at greater risk of being killed by fires.
Young animals are at highest risk for acquiring infection.
Young animals are bright green, becoming darker with age.
Young animals are cute and apparently harmless, and they often appear to be tame.
Young animals are darker in colour with greyer underparts.
Young animals are darker than old ones.
Young animals are easier to restrain.
Young animals are especially easy target of eagles.
Young animals are far more susceptible to infection than are adults.
Young animals are frisky and playful, except at mealtime or when they feel tired.
Young animals are generally nervous and sometimes difficult to handle.
Young animals are more likely than older animals to become infected with coccidia.
Young animals are more likely to develop a cough due to infections with bacteria or viruses.
Young animals are more sensitive to UV radiation than old animals.
Young animals are more susceptible because the disease attacks their growing heart muscles.
Young animals are more susceptible than adults.
Young animals are more susceptible than mature animals.
Young animals are more susceptible to copper deficiency, as milk is a poor source of copper.
Young animals are more susceptible to the toxicity.
Young animals are more susceptible, and it appears that they can be infected by mother's milk.
Young animals are more susceptible.
Young animals are most susceptible.
Young animals are much more com- monly affected than older ones.
Young animals are of a pure white color.
Young animals are particularly fascinating to most people.
Young animals are particularly susceptible to cold.
Young animals are particularly susceptible, and many die.
Young animals are reddish brown and lighter around the eyes.
Young animals are the least susceptible to the disease.
Young animals are the most sensitive to nutritional conditions.
Young animals are virgins.
Young animals become fully mature in about six to seven years.
Young animals benefit from their experience with younger siblings.
Young animals bleat when they are threatened.
Young animals can accept insects enriched with vitamins, and prepared canned foods.
Young animals can die from the disease.
Young animals can die without ever showing symptoms.
Young animals can, and do, carry parasites and diseases that can be transmitted to humans.
Young animals digest protein well.
Young animals eat food.
Young animals eat solid food.
Young animals establish areas.
Young animals exhibit behavior.
Young animals exhibit groom behavior.
Young animals exposed to androgens alter the distribution of the varieties of serotonin receptors.
Young animals feed primarily on zooplankton.
Young animals have a long, coarse, white or grayish brown fur, entirely covering the under fur.
Young animals have a reddish-brown coat brightly marked with white streaks and spots.
Young animals have coats.
Young animals have green body covered with black and yellow stripes.
Young animals have lower body stores of vitamin A and are fed longer than older animals.
Young animals have milk teeth.
Young animals have needle-sharp nails and milk teeth that can hurt youngsters by accident.
Young animals have teeth.
Young animals have to learn to look after themselves in the wild.
Young animals lack the buffy tail rings and sometimes the buff on the back.
Young animals learn many things by observing their parents and other adult animals.
Young animals learning to hunt have to take what they can get.
Young animals leave their parents breeding territory and travel some hundred kilometres.
Young animals love to chew when they're teething.
Young animals make noise.
Young animals need nutrients.
Young animals occupy the center of clusters.
Young animals remain with mothers.
Young animals require a heavier feeding regime than do adults.
Young animals require food.
Young animals require several visits to the veterinarian for proper shots and initial care.
Young animals retain memory.
Young animals seem to be more susceptible than older animals.
Young animals show only on the back the ground color prevalent all over the bodies of the old ones.
Young animals stay with mothers.
Young animals tend to be nervous but in captivity they generally calm and make reasonable pets.
Young animals utilize proteins.
Many young animals are around now.
Most young animals are dark slate-gray above and slightly lighter below.
Most young animals eat food.
Most young animals eat solid food.
Most young animals establish areas.
Most young animals exhibit groom behavior.
Most young animals have coats.
Most young animals have milk teeth.
Most young animals have teeth.
Most young animals make noise.
Most young animals remain with mothers.
Most young animals require food.
Most young animals retain memory.
Most young animals stay with mothers.
Most young animals utilize proteins.
Some young animals cause death.
Some young animals consume reptiles.
Some young animals depend on milk.
Some young animals have coloration.
Some young animals have same coloration.
Some young animals leave homes.
Young animators learn how to make plasticine characters come to life through animation.
Young apes have a big brain, a highly vaulted skull, a relatively high forehead, and no brow ridges.
Young aphids look just like adults except they are smaller.
Young apprentice keeps watch.
Young aquifers have implication for life on Mars.
Young artists can also participate in special workshops inspired by the art of bookmaking.
Young artists can make a dramatic contribution to the cutting edge of culture.
Young artists can select and change textures, colors, lighting and movement.
Young artists can study the elements of art, create an art museum, and independently explore art.
Young artists can try their talents without being exposed to drugs and drunkenness.
Young artists draw or paint a self-portrait by looking at their faces in mirrors.
Young artists draw.
Young artists explore carving a soft bar of soap into the shape of an animal.
Young artists gather for intensive workshops, entertainment, awards and public art exhibition.
Young artists make beetles and other scarabs using round stones decorated with tempera paints.
Young artists reap the rewards of creation together in a fun, explosive, and exciting atmosphere.
Young artists search for powerful truth.
Every young artist is an outsider.
Many young artists have to cope with entering competitions.
Many young artists try for action and forget that bones move underneath all that pizzaz.
More young artists participate through the original program and outreach programs.
Some young artists have ranges.
Young asparagus is also delicious raw with a light vinaigrette.
Young aspirations are virtually boundless.
Young associates are bored by their work and leave in droves.
Young associates are in many cases no longer taught how to practice professionally there s no time.
Young astronauts explore the mysteries of the solar system.
Young athletes are an especially hard sell when it comes to eye protection.
Young athletes are especially at risk because of the pliability of their chest walls.
Young athletes are especially vulnerable.
Young athletes are more focussed upon having fun and getting the opportunity to participate.
Young athletes are no less prone to the disease than anyone else.
Young athletes can make small gains in strength through proper weight training.
Young athletes develop injuries, too.
Young athletes have a lot of growing to do.
Young athletes have a tendency to go away from the program.
Young athletes have advantage.
Young athletes have performance advantage.
Young athletes have special health needs.
Young athletes have special needs.
Young athletes have to think only of the Olympics.
Young athletes have unique health needs.
Young athletes learn the fundamental skills of soccer through fun games and exercises.
Young athletes look up to the stars of today's professional sports.
Young athletes receive salaries during their years of college eligibility.
Young athletes recover faster than older ones.
Young athletes require their energy for growth and maturation as well as sports improvement.
Young athletes take sports heroes as role models and imitate their behavior.
Young athletes tend to have problems with the legs, shoulders and elbows.
Young athletes tend to respond more quickly than do aging athletes.
Many young athletes come into the game as the result of a spinal cord injury.
Many young athletes do have an annual exam, usually required by the school or team.
Many young athletes eat more foods high in protein instead, and that's a mistake.
Many young athletes face similar choices off the court.
Many young athletes work on their kick prematurely.
Most young athletes are able to return to vigorous sports with meniscus-preserving repair.
Most young athletes devote a lot of emotional and physical effort to sports.
Most young athletes have advantage.
Most young athletes have performance advantage.
Some young athletes are even better than everyone their age.
Some young athletes end their careers at the youth league, junior high or high school level.
Some young athletes help skills.
Some young athletes spend two hours a day working out, plus weekend competitions.
Young audiences add to their awareness of gender roles with every play they study.
Young audiences are willing to experiment.
Young audiences keep it fresh.
Young audiences seem to be turning away from comics in favor of new media.
Young authors share, talk and write about their own finished pieces.
Young authors use software for writing and illustration.
Young babes show off their tight asses.
Young baboons have epidermises.
Most young baboons have epidermises.
Young babies are naturally gassy.
Young babies are very sensual.
Young babies can dehydrate quickly with vomiting and diarrhea.
Young babies can keep legs tucked up.
Young babies have a rudimentary ability to ward-off unwanted contact.
Young babies have an immature digestive system.
Young babies have immature digestive systems.
Young babies have the memory of swimming and floating in mother's womb.
Young babies respond to the holding, the hugging, the touching.
Young babies sleep and wake throughout the day and night.
Young babies use all their senses to learn.
Young babies use throaty vocal sounds, called coos.
Most young babies take three naps each day, although some take two longer ones.
Some young babies spit up if they are bounced around even a bit just following a feed.
Young badgers are called a cub.
Young badgers get no help from their parents in learning to forage.
Young badgers remain with their mothers until late fall, when the family scatters.
Young bags tend to point upwards whereas older bags hang downward.
Young ballerinas become too big-chested to perform professionally.
Young ballerinas warm up in pink tights.
Young ballplayers learning basic fundamentals before hard to break lifelong bad habits develop.
Young bands like to rehearse there because it's cheap and amenable.
Young bandicoots are ready for independent life when they reach age of four months.
Young bandicoots become independent at about four months and are sexual mature at about five months.
Many young bankers have knowledge gaps.
Young bark has negligible scarring, cracks, and fissures to provide grip for tree lizards.
Young bark is apricot to pinkish white and peels in shaggy strips.
Young bark is green, but older bark is gray.
Young barn swallows line up on wires.
Young basilisks prefer to eat a number of small food items, rather than a few large ones.
Young bass eat insects and crustaceans.
Young bass mature rapidly too rapidly, in fact, to learn all life skills needed to survive.
Young bass remain in estuarine waters for two years after birth.
Young bats are able to fly approximately a month after birth.
Young bats are nursed by the mother, who leaves the roost tree only to forage for food.
Young bats are unusual among mammals because they are born feet first.
Young bats can become skeletons within minutes of hitting the floor.
Young bats develop rapidly and most are able to fly about two to five weeks after birth.
Young bats drink milk from their mothers to survive, much like other mammals.
Young bats grow rapidly and are able to fly within three weeks.
Young bats ride on their mothers chest.
Young bats suffer a high mortality rate as a result of falls from their nest, parasites and disease.
Young bears are extremely vulnerable during their first year alone and mortality is high.
Young beaver appear to play and wrestle with their siblings.
Young beaver are more inconsistent and difficult to track.
Young beavers have ability.
Young beavers have innate ability.
Young beavers head down stream in search of places to build their own dams and lodges.
Young beavers move to locations.
Young beavers reach adulthood.
Young beavers seek territory.
Most young beavers have ability.
Most young beavers move to locations.
Most young beavers reach adulthood.
Most young beavers seek territory.
Young bees are nurse bees.
Young bees are particularly vulnerable to the miticide.
Young bees feed larvae, build comb, and ripen nectar into honey in a rather definite sequence.
Young bees spend the first one to three weeks of their lives carrying out functions within the hive.
Young beetles pupate for one week, after which they emerge as adults.
Young believers are the future of the church, states Long.
Young belugas learn how to survive by watching adult belugas.
Young beneficiaries pose a problem.
Young berries become gray when infected.
Young bicyclists can prevent accidents by following a few simple rules, a transportation group says.
Young birch groves near many-storeyed houses look nice rain or shine, wet or fine.
Young birds acquire adult plumage characteristics during their second year.
Young birds are a completely different matter and far more difficult to assess.
Young birds are blackish green in color and have yellow streaking in the beak.
Young birds are blackish, with motley and irregular white patches.
Young birds are brown above and buff below, with streaks rather than bars.
Young birds are brown above and buffy below, with streaks rather than bars.
Young birds are brown above and streaked below.
Young birds are brown or brownish-slate above and heavily streaked below.
Young birds are brown rather than grey, and heavily streaked.
Young birds are brown rather than purple.
Young birds are brown, flecked with white and grey.
Young birds are browner and heavily streaked below.
Young birds are brownish gray with dull streaking below and a brown bill.
Young birds are chocolate brown, gradually turning white as they grow older.
Young birds are covered in brown markings.
Young birds are dark brown above, heavily striped below.
Young birds are dark brown with dark eyes.
Young birds are darker with the golden tones of the head and neck less pronounced.
Young birds are dependent on insects for vital protein.
Young birds are dull grey-brown.
Young birds are duller in colouration.
Young birds are duller, more streaked and lack rust-colored tail of the adult.
Young birds are dusky brown.
Young birds are easy to identify.
Young birds are generally lighter in color.
Young birds are generally more susceptible than adults.
Young birds are generally more susceptible than older ones.
Young birds are have brownish heads and undersides.
Young birds are largely insectivorous.
Young birds are less glossy than adults, but they lose the dullness when they reach maturity.
Young birds are more mottled.
Young birds are more susceptible to a severe debilitating infection than are adult birds.
Young birds are most likely to be taken by hunters.
Young birds are mostly gray in coloring, with black beaks.
Young birds are overall pale-brown until they grow their adult feathers.
Young birds are plain brown.
Young birds are precocial after hatching.
Young birds are significantly more prone to injuries than adults.
Young birds are similar in appearance to adults.
Young birds are similar to the hens.
Young birds are susceptible to environmental insult.
Young birds are the best for roasting to ensure tender meat which is dark and very rich and gamey.
Young birds are usually the last to go.
Young birds are vulnerable to chills and pneumonia.
Young birds are youngs.
Young birds bear grey and brown scalloped plumage on their backs and wings.
Young birds become listless, pale, show ruffled feathers and appear unthrifty.
Young birds become tasty feasts for some mountain cats, martens and large owls.
Young birds begin foraging on their own somewhere between two and three weeks of age.
Young birds deserted by their parents are most probably sick or abnormal.
Young birds develop rapidly.
Young birds eat animal food.
Young birds eat food.
Young birds eat insects.
Young birds eat mainly insects, as do the young of most birds.
Young birds eat mostly animal foods such as soft invertebrates.
Young birds establish territory.
Young birds feed on insects.
Young birds fledge two weeks later.
Young birds follow, imitate and learn from their parents all summer.
Young birds grow poorly.
Young birds have a brownish-black bill all year.
Young birds have a head and body moult about five weeks after hatching.
Young birds have a speckled breast with no red and are mostly gray in appearance.
Young birds have a tendency to pick at their own excretion.
Young birds have a very efficient insulation against the cold.
Young birds have ability.
Young birds have appetite.
Young birds have beaks.
Young birds have bills.
Young birds have black beaks.
Young birds have black legs and feet and a dark bill.
Young birds have brown hues.
Young birds have calls.
Young birds have chins.
Young birds have dark eyes initially that become paler as they mature.
Young birds have dark eyes.
Young birds have darker, brownish plumage.
Young birds have eyes.
Young birds have flesh.
Young birds have grayish-brown upperparts.
Young birds have hues.
Young birds have large numbers of down feathers.
Young birds have legs.
Young birds have lighter legs, flexible breastbones and flexible beaks.
Young birds have lighter legs, soft breastbones and flexible beaks.
Young birds have red feathers scattered throughout the plumage.
Young birds have tendencies.
Young birds have to leave the territory within two years, forced by parents.
Young birds have trouble breathing and gasp for air.
Young birds have very special diets.
Young birds hear their parents, other adults, and even territorial rivals.
Young birds know already how to sing.
Young birds know instinctively how to hunt.
Young birds lack the black throat patch and have greenish-yelow upper parts.
Young birds learn how to forage after they learn to fly.
Young birds learn the route on the first migration.
Young birds learn to recognize the markings and song of their parents right away.
Young birds learn to sing from their adult companions.
Young birds learn to talk quicker than older birds, as do solitary birds.
Young birds learn very quickly,good, bad or indifferent experiences.
Young birds leave the nest after three or four months.
Young birds leave the nest in a few short weeks.
Young birds leave the nest permanently about a year later.
Young birds live in nursery flocks where they learn all skill required for independent life.
Young birds look like females.
Young birds look similar to adults, but have gray feathers in place of the red skin on their crowns.
Young birds lose feathers.
Young birds make more stops and wander more before settling down to habitual yearly pattern.
Young birds make sound.
Young birds migrate farther than older birds.
Young birds open beaks.
Young birds reach maturity and join other adult birds preparing for autumn migration.
Young birds reach maturity.
Young birds reach sexual maturity in their fourth year.
Young birds reach sexual maturity.
Young birds remain dependent on their parents for several weeks after fledging.
Young birds remain with their parents for many months after fledging.
Young birds require proteins.
Young birds resemble adults, except they have gray heads.
Young birds resemble females, but are browner and have a paler bill.
Young birds resemble hens.
Young birds resemble non-breeding birds.
Young birds seem to prefer spiders as a supplement to their diet while adults prefer berries.
Young birds select the song of their own species out of many alien songs in their environments.
Young birds show a lot of white on the head.
Young birds stay in the nest three to four weeks.
Young birds stay with their parents for between one and two years.
Young birds survive accidents.
Young birds take about a year to develop full adult coloration.
Young birds take first flight.
Young birds take flight.
Young birds tend to be darker and browner than the adults.
Young birds tend to take live food better than dry food.
Young birds to find food.
Young birds vary in the shade of brown, with darker birds presumably males.
Many young birds leave the nest before they have full flight capabilities.
Many young birds spend time out of the nest while learning to fly.
Most young birds are totally on their own soon after leaving the nest.
Most young birds eat animal food.
Most young birds eat food.
Most young birds eat insects.
Most young birds establish territory.
Most young birds feed on insects.
Most young birds grow very quickly indeed.
Most young birds have ability.
Most young birds have beaks.
Most young birds have bills.
Most young birds have black beaks.
Most young birds have brown hues.
Most young birds have calls.
Most young birds have chins.
Most young birds have dark eyes.
Most young birds have eyes.
Most young birds have flesh.
Most young birds have hues.
Most young birds have legs.
Most young birds have tendencies.
Most young birds learn to forage for their meals.
Most young birds leave the nest well before they are able to fly.
Most young birds lose feathers.
Most young birds make sound.
Most young birds reach maturity.
Most young birds reach sexual maturity.
Most young birds require proteins.
Most young birds survive accidents.
Most young birds take first flight.
Most young birds take flight.
Some young birds become adults.
Some young birds have collars.
Some young birds learn to recognize their parents or foster parents within a few hours of hatching.
Some young birds remain with parents.
Some young birds resemble hens.
Some young birds starve to death.
Some young birds stay with parents.
Some young birds take care.
Young bison love to play.
Young bison play more than adults.
Young bitterns differ in size.
Young blacks get to the party first.
Young blacks turn to school vouchers as civil rights issue.
Some young blacks react by drifting into a state bordering on anomie or social withdrawal.
Some young blackbirds have noticeable streaks.
Some young blackbirds have streaks.
Young blood is bound to be different.
Young bluegills are greatly dependent upon vegetated habitat for their survival.
Some young boars have brown stripes.
Some young boars have stripes.
Young boarders learn safety, skill improvement and awareness of terrain features.
Young boas eat at least once a week, while adults can be fed two to three times a month.
Young bodies produce large amounts of growth hormones.
Young bonobos learn the ways of adults through play.
Young borers hatch in about a week, tunnel into stems, feed and are full grown in about four weeks.
Young borers seek protection in midribs, behind leaf sheaths, and in the whorls.
Young boy brings tree home with Santa flying over head.
Young boy sees ghosts.
Young boys are also increasingly vulnerable to sexual exploitation.
Young boys are equally vulnerable to sexual exploitation.
Young boys are fiends.
Young boys are more likely than girls to get it.
Young boys are responsible for helping their older brothers with the herds.
Young boys are sexy.
Young boys begin learning the ways of the sea at a very early age.
Young boys can be ringbearers or pages.
Young boys collect cards with pictures of baseball and football heroes.
Young boys dance with their swords in front of the royal family.
Young boys do, however, seem to be affected more than young girls.
Young boys drink blood to grow, and men to gain strength.
Young boys enjoy a summer's eve jump of a railroad bridge.
Young boys enter grade schools.
Young boys enter schools.
Young boys find happiness.
Young boys find true happiness.
Young boys get bored easily and they love taking things apart and helping things to grow.
Young boys have better access to health care, nutrition and education.
Young boys help with the work in a number of plates.
Young boys herd cattle and goats.
Young boys hold up chickens and ducks by the feet.
Young boys play it with balled-up rags on the congested streets of Brazil.
Young boys rest now, cold graves in cold earth.
Young boys run noisily around the vicinity.
Young boys run their fathers' pongas up and down.
Young boys rush to and fro carrying hot tea and coffee.
Young boys start early to join adults on hunting trips.
Young boys start having different feelings towards young girls and vice versa.
Young boys take over a city street to play beisbol, which is a national passion in Cuba.
Young boys tend to be oblivious to anything.
Young boys wear gray sweaters.
Young boys wear sweaters.
All young boys have a few things in common.
Many young boys born and raised in the city have no access to a farm or farm animals.
Many young boys carry charms in their pockets for good luck.
Many young boys living there are full of mischief, cultural knowledge, and share a love for soccer.
Most young boys are much too timid to walk into a drug store and buy condoms.
Most young boys enter grade schools.
Most young boys enter schools.
Most young boys find happiness.
Most young boys find true happiness.
Most young boys wear gray sweaters.
Most young boys wear sweaters.
Some young boys are reluctant to wear the competition suit.
Some young boys can be very impetuous when they first start to serve.
Some young boys climb a wall, make-believe rifles made from steel pipes.
Some young boys develop breast growth.
Some young boys develop growth.
Some young boys learn minds.
Some young boys lose life.
Some young boys prefer girls found in computer games to real girls.
Some young boys steal cats.
Young branches are flexible, golden tomentose and glabrescent, and have few leaves.
Young branches are gray with a white sheen.
Young branches are pubescent.
Young branches are red-brown, bark of older limbs turns whitish yellow, peeling in papery flakes.
Young branches are shiny.
Young branches are velvety brown.
Young branches are very smooth and light green.
Young branches have a silky texture, but with age they turn brown and flaky.
Young branches pubescent.
Young brides show much mock modesty.
Young brooks eat large amounts of aquatic insect larvae.
Young bucks shed antlers.
Most young bucks shed antlers.
Some young bucks leave mothers.
Young buds are light green, with just a hint of pink at the tip.
Young buds dry up, and shoots and mature buds and flowers soften and rot.
Young buds fail to open.
Young buds have similar taste.
Young buds have taste.
Young buds sleep in the root's white core.
Most young buds have similar taste.
Young bugs are identical in appearance except that they lack wings.
Young bugs are yellow and covered with large spines.
Young bulblets form around the older bulbs, spiraling around the mother bulbs.
Young bulblets take about three years to mature enough to flower.
Young bulls are evicted from the herd on reaching sexual maturity.
Young bulls form bachelor herds.
Young bulls have foreheads.
Young bulls move between groups most frequently.
Young bulls reach maturity.
Young bulls reach sexual maturity.
Most young bulls have foreheads.
Most young bulls have very low accuracies.
Most young bulls reach maturity.
Most young bulls reach sexual maturity.
Some young bulls achieve maturity.
Some young bulls achieve sexual maturity.
Some young bulls mount cows.
Some young bulls reach adolescence.
Young bullies can grow up to be abusive adults.
Young burbots feed primarily on insect larvae, and adults subsist on crayfish and fish.
Young bush shows vigor and prolific bloom.
Young businesses have a greater chance of survival if there is a written strategy.
Young buyers are the life's blood of any brand.
Young buyers look for attractive and fast-speed models with advanced technology.
Young cacomistles produce high-pitched squeaks.
Young caiman are yellow and have black stripes and spots.
Young caimans eat insects.
Young caimans feed largely on snails.
Young calves are a reddish brown color through their first summer.
Young calves are at the highest risk for contracting the infection.
Young calves are more susceptible and often deaths can result.
Young calves are more susceptible than older animals.
Young calves are very inefficient at digesting most plant sources of protein and fat.
Young calves can double their length by the end of the nursing period.
Young calves have a fleece composed exclusively of down fibre.
Young calves have the tendency to wander away from their mothers, so often fall prey to hyenas.
Young calves require even more attention when grazing.
Young calves stay with mothers.
Most young calves stay with mothers.
Some young calves cause injuries.
Some young calves cause significant injuries.
Some young calves face starvation.
Some young calves have fibre.
Young camels live for several years.
Young camels live for years.
Young camels may have difficulty.
Most young camels live for several years.
Most young camels live for years.
Young campers get a taste of summer camp, enjoying all the same activities.
Young campers meet people from different walks of life and parts of the world.
Most young candidates seem clueless about how to conduct themselves in meetings about a job.
Young canes are great material for splitting and wall covering.
Young cankers are pale yellowish or reddish, becoming brown, sunken and cracked.
Young capybara can become very tame, and can be trained to walk on a leash like a dog.
Young capybaras are eaten by foxes, vultures, and wild dogs.
Young caracals bear reddish spots on the underbelly that disappear when they grow up.
Young careers have suitcases packed with useless perceptions, assumptions and expectations.
Young carp are an important source of food for larger fish like trout.
Young carp are particularly susceptible, as are farmed individuals.
Young cassowaries are brown and have buffy stripes.
Young cassowary is recognized by a smaller casque.
Young cats seem to be more likely to carry the bacteria than older cats.
Young cats seem to be more susceptible to carrying the bacteria than older cats.
All young cats are helpless and rely on their mothers' milk.
Young caterpillars are black.
Young caterpillars are greenish-white with an oversized black head.
Young caterpillars are gregarious but become solitary as they grow.
Young caterpillars are gregarious feeders, but older ones are solitary.
Young caterpillars are pale yellow, with two rows of black marks along the body.
Young caterpillars are yellow or green.
Young caterpillars chew holes in the tops of leaves, then later feed from the leaf tip.
Young caterpillars eat buds during the day.
Young caterpillars eat flowers, while older caterpillars eat flowers and new leaves.
Young caterpillars eat leaves while older ones eat flowers.
Young caterpillars eat new leaf growth and more mature caterpillars eat both new and older growth.
Young caterpillars feed gregariously and older caterpillars are solitary feeders.
Young caterpillars feed gregariously while older ones feed alone.
Young caterpillars feed in clusters and older ones feed alone.
Young caterpillars feed in groups and older caterpillars feed alone.
Young caterpillars feed in groups while older caterpillars are solitary feeders.
Young caterpillars feed in groups while older ones are solitary feeders.
Young caterpillars feed in groups, and older caterpillars are solitary.
Young caterpillars feed in groups, while older caterpillars eat alone or in pairs.
Young caterpillars feed on flower buds, older ones on flowers and fruits.
Young caterpillars feed on leaves, older caterpillars eat leaves and stems.
Young caterpillars feed on leaves, older ones on flowers.
Young caterpillars feed superficially, leaving the upper leaf surface intact.
Young caterpillars feed together and when older they feed alone.
Young caterpillars feed together in silk webs.
Young caterpillars feed together on new plant growth and when they are older they feed alone.
Young caterpillars feed together on oak flowers and older caterpillars feed mostly on leaves.
Young caterpillars feed together while older caterpillars are solitary.
Young caterpillars feed together while older ones feed alone.
Young caterpillars feed together, but become solitary as they grow.
Young caterpillars feed together.
Young caterpillars make a long perch by extending a leaf vein with dung and silk.
Young caterpillars make shelters of folded leaf blades.
Young caterpillars move in groups as they skeletonize leaves.
Young caterpillars occur in groups.
Young caterpillars spend most of their time in the crowns of trees.
Young caterpillars stay together and move about in a single file, following silk trails.
Many young caterpillars die from getting knocked off of their host plants by rain.
Some young caterpillars have glands.
Young catfish make easy prey for other fish.
Young cattle romp on days that are cool but still comfortable.
Young cattle spend about four months on a feedlot before reaching slaughter weight.
Many young cattle are finished in feedlots on grain to save time and total feed.
Young cells are actively motile.
Young cells expand and produce new cell wall at the same time.
Young cells have long strings of telomeres at the tips of their chromosomes.
Young cells have normal activity while old cells are grossly deficient.
Young centipedes have four pairs of legs when they are hatched.
Young Cheerleaders Get Naked.
Young cheetahs are fully mature at about two years of age.
Young chefs are impatient.
Some young chemists adopt theories.
Young chicks are brooded under the parent, but rapidly become too large to fit under it.
Young chicks are protected from cold and predators, including swarms of voracious Arctic mosquitoes.
Young chicks are very buoyant and can t dive quickly to get out of the way.
Young chicks have bills.
Young chicks leave the nest almost as soon as they hatch.
Most young chicks have bills.
Some young chicks eat insects.
Some young chicks make sound.
Young chickens can get a vaccination.
Young child deals with mother's death.
Young children absorb lead more readily than adults.
Young children absorb more lead and are more sensitive to the effects of lead.
Young children accept and expect repetition in nursery rhymes, stories and songs.
Young children accept Biblical absolutes without question.
Young children acquire knowledge almost exclusively by doing and through movement.
Young children appear to be at highest risk for a lethal bite.
Young children are a high-risk group for several reasons.
Young children are a wonderful audience.
Young children are able to operate the lighters, posing a fire hazard.
Young children are able to operate the lighters, posing a fire hazards.
Young children are able to turn on the hot water by themselves.
Young children are active and curious about their world.
Young children are active learners who construct their own understanding and knowledge of the world.
Young children are active learners, always building on their experiences and relationships.
Young children are active, spontaneous, creative, curious, and capable of self-direction.
Young children are all kinesthetic-tactile learners.
Young children are almost always wary of unfamiliar situations and people.
Young children are also a no-no, foxwise, because kids are usually noisy and unpredictable.
Young children are also at risk.
Young children are also at special risk if they contract malaria as they can become seriously ill.
Young children are also very active and like to explore.
Young children are also vulnerable to foodborne illness.
Young children are always delighted when someone knows less than they do.
Young children are amazing in their abilities to learn new words that they overhear in adult speech.
Young children are amazingly capable.
Young children are at critical disadvantage when targeted by sex offenders.
Young children are at greatest risk of abuse and neglect.
Young children are at high risk of drowning in the bath.
Young children are at high risk of overdose toxicity.
Young children are at highest risk for lead poisoning.
Young children are at most risk for significant long-term sun and heat injury.
Young children are at the greatest risk of developing pulmonary toxicity.
Young children are at the most risk of death due to child abuse.
Young children are beginners at talking.
Young children are by nature curious.
Young children are capable of learning the words penis, vagina, and breast.
Young children are color-dominant, and are more attracted by color than shape.
Young children are comfortable clicking various options to see what is going to happen next.
Young children are completely dependent upon adults for their well-being.
Young children are concrete thinkers.
Young children are constantly on the move - even when they are seated.
Young children are creatures of habit.
Young children are curious and they ask hard questions.
Young children are curious.
Young children are dependent on the extended family for most of their social bonds.
Young children are dependent on their family for everything.
Young children are eager to identify and respond to questions about objects and illustrations.
Young children are eager to learn and master skills.
Young children are easier to lifeshape, because their immune systems are less developed.
Young children are egocentric and concrete.
Young children are especially at risk from home fire-related death and injury.
Young children are especially at risk in the heat.
Young children are especially at risk.
Young children are especially curious about how the world works.
Young children are especially fond of playing with small turtles.
Young children are especially good at reading our body language and facial expression.
Young children are especially sensitive to secondhand smoke.
Young children are especially sensitive to the effects of even small doses of nicotine.
Young children are especially susceptible to elevated levels of estrogen.
Young children are especially susceptible to lead poisoning.
Young children are especially susceptible.
Young children are especially vulnerable to burn-related injury and death.
Young children are especially vulnerable to e. coli due to their immature immune systems.
Young children are especially vulnerable to impaired lung function and respiratory infection.
Young children are especially vulnerable to inadvertent contact and entrapment.
Young children are especially vulnerable to such illnesses.
Young children are especially vulnerable when parents are angry.
Young children are essential to the survival of our community.
Young children are explorers.
Young children are famous for being fussy eaters.
Young children are free to write or draw whatever comes to mind.
Young children are full of questions.
Young children are generally able to learn foreign languages more easily than adults.
Young children are generally irritable and uncomfortable and refuse to sit up, stand or walk.
Young children are generally welcome.
Young children are great at knowing and asking for what they want.
Young children are impressionable.
Young children are in immediate danger from copying antisocial behavior.
Young children are in their prime to learn new languages.
Young children are in tune with their environment.
Young children are inquisitive, interested, questioning, and naturally curious about their world.
Young children are intensely interested in printed language, too.
Young children are interested in familiar events, people, objects, and animals.
Young children are interested in writing and reading.
Young children are less able to communicate side effects.
Young children are less equipped to deal with the strong emotions at funerals.
Young children are less likely to recall information without an adult providing some trigger points.
Young children are likely to be terrified.
Young children are likely to believe their thoughts or feelings have power over others.
Young children are likely to feel confused, scared and lonely.
Young children are likely to pursue a goal only if they find it interesting.
Young children are likely to suffer multiple episodes of acute malnutrition.
Young children are located in kindergartens.
Young children are mobile and curious, always experimenting with their environment.
Young children are more interested in having fun than in safety.
Young children are more liable to damage from deficient clothing than adults.
Young children are more likely to be poor than any other age group and that disparity is growing.
Young children are more likely to be poor than any other age group, and that disparity is growing.
Young children are more likely to be poor than older children.
Young children are more likely to tell the truth than older children.
Young children are more prone to motion sickness.
Young children are more relation oriented.
Young children are more resilient than older kids.
Young children are more sensitive than older persons.
Young children are more susceptible than adults are to the harmful health effects of pesticides.
Young children are more susceptible to ear infections than older children.
Young children are more vulnerable to potential hazards of swimming pools.
Young children are most at risk from lead poisoning.
Young children are most at risk.
Young children are most curious about the world.
Young children are most likely to be hit because they hurry to get on and off the bus.
Young children are most likely to meet the recommendations for sodium and fiber.
Young children are most susceptible to the disease.
Young children are most susceptible to the toxic effects of lead.
Young children are most susceptible.
Young children are much like puppies.
Young children are much more likely than older children and adults to get pneumococcal disease.
Young children are natural reporters.
Young children are natural savers.
Young children are naturally curious and eager to learn.
Young children are naturally curious.
Young children are naturally empathetic.
Young children are naturally quick learners.
Young children are new to our world.
Young children are notorious for messing up the house.
Young children are of particular concern.
Young children are often eager but only superficially understand an activity.
Young children are often eager to hold a baby.
Young children are often more linear in their thinking about causality than adults are.
Young children are often more sensitive to chemicals for a number of reasons.
Young children are often more susceptible to food pathogens.
Young children are often shy with a new teacher.
Young children are often the target.
Young children are often unable to describe accurately where a pain is or what the pain feels like.
Young children are often unable to see the value of learning for the sake of learning.
Young children are often unwilling to spend time alone in their rooms at play.
Young children are often very excited about entering school.
Young children are often worried about new environments and can become upset.
Young children are open to all sorts of learning, including music.
Young children are particularly at risk - keep a safe distance from ponies.
Young children are particularly at risk because their immune system is less well developed.
Young children are particularly at risk due to increased sensitivity of young tissues and organs.
Young children are particularly at risk if they are in contact with an infectious adult.
Young children are particularly at risk, if they have the allergy.
Young children are particularly aware of sensual experiences.
Young children are particularly prone, especially if their body temperature rises rapidly.
Young children are particularly sensitive to pressure.
Young children are particularly sensitive to the effects of lead.
Young children are particularly susceptible.
Young children are particularly vulnerable to exposure to organophosphate and carbamate pesticides.
Young children are probably more comfortable with technology than adults.
Young children are proud to have their parents in tow.
Young children are receptive to new ideas.
Young children are rich in love.
Young children are so impressionable.
Young children are so receptive to learning about themselves and others.
Young children are sometimes afraid of bats.
Young children are sometimes unable to distinguish between fantasy and reality.
Young children are spontaneous and unguarded in expressing what they feel and think.
Young children are still essential for the nation.
Young children are the best teachers.
Young children are the group of people most susceptible to the dangers of lead poisoning.
Young children are the most likely to have accidents around a pool.
Young children are the most mobile of child age groups.
Young children are the most susceptible to all forms of pneumococcal disease.
Young children are to be reproved with the rod.
Young children are top heavy and unsteady.
Young children are typically curious and ask endless questions about their world and how it works.
Young children are typically poor simulators because they tend to respond egocentrically.
Young children are unable to predict a driver's intention.
Young children are unable to separate words from their meanings.
Young children are unlikely to be satisfied.
Young children are usually proud to have homework.
Young children are very active learners.
Young children are very egocentric, seeing the world through their eyes only.
Young children are very egocentric.
Young children are very impressionable.
Young children are very innocent in thought but can still distinguish between different races.
Young children are very literal in their interpretations of events on television.
Young children are very much at risk from passive smoking.
Young children are very sensitive to their parents' emotional states.
Young children are very susceptible to contagious diseases.
Young children are very visual learners.
Young children are vulnerable to marketing exploitation.
Young children are welcome to attend at parent s discretion.
Young children are welcome to come forward to receive a blessing.
Young children are welcome, but they'll probably have more fun at home with a babysitter.
Young children are welcome.
Young children are willing and waiting to learn how to read.
Young children are word-learning wizards.
Young children arrive in our settings with an implicit knowledge of narrative and how it works.
Young children aspire to sell flood insurance.
Young children become proficient in difficult rhythmic figures.
Young children become susceptible to lead poisoning when they place objects into their mouths.
Young children become weak, sickly, smelly, and very irritable.
Young children begin by chanting syllables, words, and then narratives and imaginative stories.
Young children begin to think about never becoming an adult.
Young children believe that if something sounds alive or looks alive, it is alive.
Young children believe that their thoughts, feelings and words have magical power.
Young children believe what they hear their parents saying.
Young children believe what they see and hear on television.
Young children benefit from being read to on a daily basis.
Young children benefit from frequently comparing sets of objects to some given number.
Young children benefit from the companionship as well.
Young children benefit from the consistent use of the equipment as a tool.
Young children benefit from the opportunity to socialize in small and large groups.
Young children benefit most from regular and supportive interaction with teachers and peers.
Young children can absorb only limited amounts of information in a single sitting.
Young children can act out a familiar story.
Young children can add coloring touches to their own cards or even store bought ones.
Young children can also be candidates for implants.
Young children can also be generous at times.
Young children can also dance or act out the story.
Young children can also develop books using collage art as a spatial entry point.
Young children can also have odor coming from their teeth.
Young children can also pair with actual golden beads or numeral cards.
Young children can attend kindergarten at age five and preschool before that.
Young children can be at considerable risk if they play in or near hobby work areas.
Young children can be difficult to test.
Young children can be easily scared so it s best to stick to friendly spooks.
Young children can be particularly at risk.
Young children can be responsible for keeping their own rooms tidy and for making their own beds.
Young children can be rough and unrelenting.
Young children can be very possessive and unwilling to share toys.
Young children can become confused when they are required to learn too much at one time.
Young children can become frightened and bewildered if left alone for even a minute or two.
Young children can begin to express feelings and show facial expressions which show that feeling.
Young children can begin to learn racquet and ball skills in the 'mini's' coaching sessions.
Young children can begin to understand the rules that govern various technologies.
Young children can benefit greatly from being reminded that much of television is fictional.
Young children can brush paint on random patterns.
Young children can build their first boat with parental assistance.
Young children can choke on the small balls attached to the toys.
Young children can choke on virtually any object.
Young children can choke or inhale into their lungs small parts such as the small plastic eyes.
Young children can collect treats from the mall's stores.
Young children can complete activities online to get practice with patterns.
Young children can convey their messages through drawings and approximations.
Young children can crawl into a bathroom, shut the door, and open the drawers behind the door.
Young children can devise simple data-gathering plans to attempt to answer their questions.
Young children can do simple work in raffia and be pleased with the attractive results.
Young children can draw or paint a picture and dictate their thoughts to an adult.
Young children can draw pictures of what they are imagining.
Young children can drown in just a few inches of water.
Young children can drown in less than one inch of water in a matter of seconds.
Young children can drown in only a few inches of water, even if they've had swimming instruction.
Young children can easily choke on a grape.
Young children can easily choke on small parts.
Young children can easily ignite the lighters, presenting fire and burn hazards.
Young children can enhance their imagination by combining sound with pictures.
Young children can enjoy led-rides on the beach.
Young children can enjoy maze, sand box, swings, volleyball, tetherball and horseshoes.
Young children can enjoy the small play area provided by the airport.
Young children can explore and note the differences.
Young children can figure out how to load a gun.
Young children can forget how much fun they had, but they never forget if they have a picture of it.
Young children can get lead poisoning by eating paint chips.
Young children can glimpse the ways of childhood long ago while practicing their interactive skills.
Young children can have a form called juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Young children can have a great time once school starts.
Young children can have a language delay that limits early learning.
Young children can have breakfast with and have their picture taken with Santa.
Young children can have short attention spans.
Young children can help at home.
Young children can ignite the lighters, posing a fire hazard.
Young children can ignite the lighters, presenting fire and burn hazards.
Young children can instantly receive and catalog thousands of images in the subconscious.
Young children can learn about angles, shapes, and solids by looking at the physical world.
Young children can learn all about balance while having a really good time.
Young children can learn by looking at and playing with animals and plants.
Young children can learn in a year or two.
Young children can learn more easily and efficiently than at any other time in their lives.
Young children can learn music, art, or even swimming.
Young children can learn other languages, if given an opportunity.
Young children can learn patience and attention to detail.
Young Children Can Learn Some Important Things When They Write.
Young children can learn that reading and writing are useful as well as fun.
Young children can learn to save money and learn what money is really worth.
Young children can learn to understand the organization of language by learning song lyrics.
Young children can learn valuable lessons by caring for animals.
Young children can listen as the story automatically plays again and again.
Young children can make morning prayer seem impossible.
Young children can make valentine placemats to use at the party and then take home.
Young children can often regrow a fingertip severed in a car door.
Young children can operate the lighter, posing a fire hazard.
Young children can participate in most of the scheduled activities with their parents.
Young children can participate too by counting the number of marbles in the marble grab.
Young children can pick out the tree while an adult does the chopping.
Young children can play and have fun on Internet.
Young children can play it as a puzzle by placing the pieces on the body boards.
Young children can practice counting and colors, play a matching game, and learn spatial concepts.
Young children can practice skip counting to complete the table.
Young children can put away toys, books, and magazines, help set the table or make their beds.
Young children can quickly drown in just inches of water.
Young children can repeat words and sentences in quiet or in environments with minimal noise levels.
Young children can sometimes be difficult to deal with one at a time.
Young children can sometimes be very rough with a kitten.
Young children can sometimes pass the virus onto their older brothers and sisters.
Young children can sort acorns from different oaks by size, shape, or color.
Young children can still spread the flu even into the second week of illness.
Young children can string round cereal.
Young children can t understand why dad isn t living at home anymore.
Young children can try to crawl while balancing the bean bag on their back.
Young children can turn the hot water on by themselves.
Young children can use plastic knives or serrated dinner knives.
Young children can wash vegetables, butter bread and help set up.
Young children carry around dilapidated ones like security blankets.
Young children come to depend on the teacher's availability.
Young children communicate on the level of deep structure before mastering the surface structures.
Young children communicate through play.
Young children communicate with their bodies as well as their voices.
Young children connect dots in booklets to draw figures they can color.
Young children constitute the largest group at high risk from exposure to air pollutants.
Young children continue to be egocentric and consider themselves the center of the world.
Young children cough and mutter, clutching handkerchiefs to their faces.
Young children create designs using foam squares with sides of black or yellow.
Young children delight in making a poem their own by committing it to memory.
Young children delight in our bright posters and classroom materials promoting nutrition awareness.
Young children delight in the sing song rhythm of nursery rhymes.
Young children delight to hear their story read.
Young children deserve and benefit from truthful information conveyed in a kind manner.
Young children develop and mature at different rates.
Young children develop at greatly different rates, both overall and in specific areas.
Young children develop rapidly.
Young children develop their vocabularies as they learn to describe sizes, shapes, and positions.
Young children develop through predictable stages as learners.
Young children discover mummies at the time they are beginning to comprehend death.
Young children do best when kept on the same eating and sleeping routine.
Young children do feel the changes that are going on in their environment.
Young children do things for no reason.
Young children do well when they know what to expect.
Young children don t differentiate activities.
Young children don t know that babies can be easily hurt.
Young children don t understand the danger of traffic.
Young children draw an illustration, older children rewrite the story or compose a poem.
Young children eat a healthy meal.
Young children enjoy a carnival ride at the activities.
Young children enjoy bright colored, lightweight toys.
Young children enjoy carrying, filling, and pushing blocks around.
Young children enjoy cartoons and jokes.
Young children enjoy colourful images, movement, sounds and exploration.
Young children enjoy completing tasks that are quick.
Young children enjoy helping each other become computer operators.
Young children enjoy hiding things there, then retrieving their treasures.
Young children enjoy learning with music, singing, dancing and stories on tape.
Young children enjoy listening to selections that are above their independent reading level.
Young children enjoy pondering pre-historic time when dinosaurs ruled the earth.
Young children enjoy seeing the puzzle come out different every time.
Young children enjoy the search for the controls.
Young children enjoy the stories as they learn about the conventions of printed language.
Young children enjoy the title's virtual board games, whether they play alone or with a friend.
Young children enter the academic world with all the attitudes and values to be successful learners.
Young children equate physical closeness with friendship.
Young children experience a great deal of frustration as they grow up.
Young children experience shudder attacks or shivering, and older children get migraine attacks.
Young children experience the life process as rhythmic.
Young children experience the world through touch, sight, and movement.
Young children explore engaging science topics through hands-on activities.
Young children explore what they are thinking and feeling through their art efforts.
Young children express musical awareness in everything that they do.
Young children express their creativity more than anything else with their box of crayons.
Young children face challenges and disappointments all day long.
Young children face greater risks from burn injuries than do adults and older children.
Young children fail to recognize what their choices are.
Young children fare better in families.
Young children feel insecure when they hear their parents arguing or fighting.
Young children feel it immediately.
Young children feel pleasure when they urinate or have a bowel movement.
Young children feel safer and learn better when they can bond with a caregiver, experts say.
Young children feel the same way.
Young children find delight in being nude.
Young children find great comfort in routines, especially during times of stress.
Young children find it hard to be still and quiet in a place with so much to explore.
Young children find it hard to sit still for extended periods of time.
Young children find junk mail far more intriguing than adults do.
Young children find the use of concrete materials to model problem situations very natural.
Young children form ideas about themselves and other people long before they start kindergarten.
Young children frolic in floral gardens.
Young children gain confidence as they accomplish difficult tasks.
Young children gain great sensory pleasure while doing art projects.
Young children gather in small groups and play games that only they understand.
Young children get sick with amazing frequency.
Young children get the same thing, most commonly from strenuous crying or shouting while playing.
Young children go through a similar stage when learning their first language.
Young children go through four stages as they learn to defend their territory.
Young children go to sleep more easily if the hour before bedtime is quiet and peaceful.
Young children go to the nursery.
Young children going to school for the first time can be both excited and fearful.
Young children grab jewelry and pull.
Young children grow and change quickly.
Young children grow and develop best when they are provided the conditions under which to flourish.
Young children grow in important ways during their first five years.
Young children guarantee an active, talkative, and inquisitive day.
Young children hammer most effectively on the floor.
Young children have a difficult time cognitively understanding winning and losing.
Young children have a great curiosity about their own bodies.
Young children have a hard time going from one activity to another.
Young children have a hard time resisting holiday decorations that are shiny and colorful.
Young children have a hard time sitting still and being quiet for long periods of time.
Young children have a higher risk of death from measles than adults do.
Young children have a large head in comparison with the rest of the body.
Young children have a more difficult time handling the fiber load of legumes than do adults.
Young children have a natural curiosity about their environments, including technology.
Young children have a natural interest in wildlife.
Young children have a natural wariness of the unknown.
Young children have a passion for animals and other worlds.
Young children have a pre-operational or concrete view of the world.
Young children have a tendency to bite off more than they can chew at any one time.
Young children have a tendency to put everything in their mouths.
Young children have a tendency to put things into their mouths.
Young children have a tendency to state the facts without any description to embellish their piece.
Young children have a way of asking the most simple, yet confounding, questions.
Young children have difficulty distinguishing pretend from reality.
Young children have difficulty making small, refined movements.
Young children have difficulty seeing beyond the present.
Young children have first urinary tract infection.
Young children have important messages and stories they want to share with others.
Young children have important tasks to accomplish to provide a solid base for future learning.
Young children have infection.
Young children have levels.
Young children have more of a tendency to develop an allergy to peanut oil.
Young children have narrow diameter Eustachian tubes that are easily blocked.
Young children have nightmares about florescent yellow-teethed monsters who smell gross.
Young children have no power, so complaint and blame and 'fairness' are the only tools.
Young children have no sense of time. . . .
Young children have notoriously short attention spans.
Young children have problems when others speak too rapidly.
Young children have senses.
Young children have short attention spans.
Young children have shorter attention spans and less developed fine motor skills.
Young children have so much life.
Young children have special needs that often differ from day to day.
Young children have that sense of mystery.
Young children have the greatest risk for kidney damage due to urinary tract infections.
Young children have the greatest risk for kidney damage from urinary tract infections.
Young children have the greatest risk of exposure.
Young children have the greatest risk of kidney damage caused by urinary tract infections.
Young children have to grow up.
Young children have tract infection.
Young children have trouble waiting.
Young children have unique food patterns and needs in comparison to older children and adults.
Young children have urinary infection.
Young children have varied experiences prior to formal schooling.
Young children have varied reasons for using the calendar.
Young children have very active imaginations.
Young children have very short attention spans.
Young children have very short memories.
Young children have vivid imaginations, creative minds, and sensitive personalities.
Young children ignore very little.
Young children imitate grown ups.
Young children infer speakers' semantic intentions to learn novel verbs.
Young children ingest much more soil, earth, dust and paint than adults.
Young children join families.
Young children join gangs at a young age.
Young children join their families before the communions.
Young children jump up and down when they are excited and sway gently when content or at rest.
Young children know they are part of the natural world.
Young children lead the visitor down a steep stone stairway into a cave.
Young children learn a language just by listening and imitating.
Young children learn about loving and helping other people.
Young children learn about spatial concepts through puzzles and block play.
Young children learn about the holidays through simple craft and activity pages.
Young children learn about the world primarily by playing.
Young children learn about themselves in relationship to other people.
Young children learn and construct knowledge as a result of meaningful experiences.
Young children learn and develop differently.
Young children learn and develop in an integrated way.
Young children learn at a rate never again matched in their lifetime.
Young children learn at a very quick rate.
Young children learn basic social skills necessary for school and life.
Young children learn best by doing an activity.
Young children learn best by doing.
Young children learn best from hands-on experiences and through play.
Young children learn best from self-initiated activity with concrete objects.
Young children learn best in active environments.
Young children learn best in familiar environments.
Young children learn best through direct experience, combined with role playing.
Young children learn best through manipulation of materials and employment of all the senses.
Young children learn best through play, developmentally appropriate games, and creative activities.
Young children learn by doing and their experiences.
Young children learn by doing.
Young children learn by exploration and investigation.
Young children learn by imitation.
Young children learn by interacting with their environment.
Young children learn by manipulating, exploring, and experimenting with real materials and objects.
Young children learn color recognition and sequenceing.
Young children learn from playing, solving problems, questioning, and experimenting.
Young children learn how to get along with others the same way they learn most things.
Young children learn how to move in their environment by playing alone in their own personal space.
Young children learn how to recognize and print each numeral as well as how to count.
Young children learn important spiritual lessons in easy to read ryhme with charming illustrations.
Young children learn in a variety of settings and in a variety of ways.
Young children learn language as a result of meaningful experiences.
Young children learn more quickly and efficiently than adults.
Young children learn most of their food preferences at home.
Young children learn naturally, continually and freely.
Young children learn primarily by touch and sight.
Young children learn primarily through imitation.
Young children learn primarily through seeing.
Young children learn primarily through sensory experience.
Young children learn so much by observing their families.
Young children learn social skills when they interact with other children.
Young children learn some of the basics of good nutrition through the newspaper.
Young children learn that even the smallest efforts can cascade into meaningful consequences.
Young children learn that they relate to other people and physical things.
Young children learn the rhythms and patterns of language easily.
Young children learn through activity - moving, exploring, and acting on objects.
Young children learn through play and active engagement with their environment.
Young children learn through play.
Young children learn through their play.
Young children learn through their senses and experiences.
Young children learn through their senses.
Young children learn to be creative and they learn that it is a desirable quality.
Young children learn to communicate best within the circle of people they love.
Young children learn to consider the wants and needs of others.
Young children learn to make choices for a wide variety of benefits.
Young children learn to play nicely with others.
Young children learn to produce passives with nonce verbs.
Young children learn to read and write .
Young children learn to read and write at different times, in different ways.
Young children learn to read and write.
Young children learn to recognize, solve, and enjoy mathematical problems.
Young children learn to restructure personal ideas about growth in trees.
Young children learn to solve problems by doing for themselves.
Young children learn to talk by imitating the sounds made by their parents.
Young children learn to write much as they learned to talk.
Young children learn wherever they are.
Young children like to build with any material.
Young children like to hear the same story over and over.
Young children like to put rubber bands on pets.
Young children like to put their fingers, toys and other objects in their mouths.
Young children like to take the lids off of containers.
Young children like to think of awkward words as naughty words.
Young children look for the approval of parents and grandparents.
Young children look on with admiration.
Young children lose the support of at least one parent.
Young children love being raced around in a baby jogger.
Young children love cookies and milk.
Young children love holding hands and being hugged or cuddled.
Young children love inventive language, alliteration, and verbal as well as visual humour.
Young children love it because it's soft, mild and non-threatening.
Young children love listening, labeling objects in books and commenting on the characters.
Young children love making pictures move, grow, and multiply.
Young children love messing about with a wide variety of materials.
Young children love science.
Young children love silly riddles and funny one-liners.
Young children love that tree.
Young children love the beaches and all the activity.
Young children love the predictability of the familiar.
Young children love to ask many earnest questions about why plants grow the way they do.
Young children love to assert their individuality, even at the table.
Young children love to climb.
Young children love to copy simple Bible verses, biographical quotes, or seasonal poetry.
Young children love to demonstrate their skills.
Young children love to explore and experiment.
Young children love to hear stories about their parents' childhood.
Young children love to help, and they really take pride in showing adults how much they can do.
Young children love to learn, merely for learning's sake.
Young children love to look at animals. . .
Young children love to manipulate items and explore new ideas.
Young children love to pick up and cuddle animals.
Young children love to play with language and try out different sounds.
Young children love to play with sounds.
Young children love to play, sometimes together, sometimes apart and sometimes side by side.
Young children love to read the same stories over and over and over.
Young children love to sing a book and they have opportunity to do so with three new song books.
Young children love to use their hands and faces to communicate with each other.
Young children love to watch fruit grow.
Young children love to watch toys disappear in the toilet bowl.
Young children love water jobs, for example, and gushy-mushy jobs.
Young children make hilarious observations.
Young children make it difficult to maintain the structure needed by the monkeys.
Young children make numerous language discoveries as they play, explore, and interact with others.
Young children marvel at the excitement of going out into the deep, deep snow.
Young children match spatial proportions.
Young children memorize and recite poems to grasp the rhythms of speech and words.
Young children memorize Scripture with the aid of melodies, rhythm, and movement.
Young children model the behavior of older children and adults.
Young children move fast and act impulsively.
Young children move quickly and are attracted to mowing activity.
Young children move quickly and like to hug pets.
Young children oftentimes confuse what is living and what is nonliving.
Young children operate from a position of omnipotence wherein fantasy is reality.
Young children paint in bold and daring strokes.
Young children participate in the services with song and story.
Young children pay attention.
Young children pay close attention.
Young children pay greater attention to the actions of their parents than to their teaching.
Young children perform certain tasks at home just because they are part of the family or household.
Young children pick up habits and attitudes from their parents that are unique to their family.
Young children play in backyards.
Young children play shirtless and shoeless in the dusty side streets.
Young children play softball, middle age adults play softball.
Young children playing in the chest can become trapped inside and suffocate.
Young children playing in the chests can become trapped inside and suffocate.
Young children possess an amazing ability to focus up close.
Young children practise on their parents.
Young children reach different levels of learning and development at different times.
Young children receive a great deal of attention.
Young children receive full body hugs.
Young children reenact parts of the disaster in their play.
Young children rely on their verbal abilities to communicate.
Young children remain at a high risk of fatalities.
Young children remain at high risk for loss of life.
Young children remain at highest risk for loss of life resulting from child neglect and abuse.
Young children require constant supervision.
Young children require intake.
Young children respond especially well to physical affection.
Young children respond quickly to the mildest scent treatment.
Young children respond to rhythms, movement, and music.
Young children respond to what is directly observable.
Young children revel in their own ability to move.
Young children romp in the attractive parks and pool facilities.
Young children SAIL far.
Young children see all or nothing.
Young children see pictures differently from the way adults do.
Young children see that it's acceptable to be different and have separate interests from the crowd.
Young children see the magic naturally in their lives.
Young children see their parents and older siblings as role models.
Young children seem to have a never ending supply of questions.
Young children seem to know how to celebrate life, live fully, and create magical moments.
Young children show an amazing interest in a wide range of subjects.
Young children smoke openly and most teens in the cities have to have their smokes.
Young children sparkle with the stuff that makes for inspiring performance.
Young children speak their minds, and they love to talk.
Young children spend much of the day playing.
Young children spend much time on the floor and put lots of things into their mouths while teething.
Young children stand up between the two seats or on the back seat of the vehicle.
Young children start developing literacy skills long before they can actually read.
Young children store the magic of language and re-use it in their own stories.
Young children stray from their parents and are never seen again.
Young children strive for understanding, independence, and self-control.
Young children suffer a higher proportion of head injuries than older children.
Young children suffer from an average of six to eight colds a year.
Young children suffering from lead poisoning can experience learning, behavior and health problems.
Young children switch easily from activity to passive fascination to daydreaming to meditation.
Young children take precaution.
Young children tend to accept the people they meet on face value.
Young children tend to adapt better to closed system sports than to open ones.
Young children tend to be drawn naturally to fiction books.
Young children tend to be more physically aggressive than older children.
Young children tend to be more sensitive than adults to irritating air contaminants.
Young children tend to be more susceptible to lead absorption and toxicity than adults.
Young children tend to be most awake in the early mornings and get sleepy in the afternoons.
Young children tend to be most effective at ingesting and spreading pinworm eggs.
Young children tend to be very positive, almost unrealistic about adoption.
Young children tend to enjoy the moments that support their drive to grow and develop.
Young children tend to get more antibiotics and thus have more resistance.
Young children tend to grab for things, especially when they are learning to stand or walk.
Young children tend to have the highest blood lead levels of any age group.
Young children tend to look towards wide stripes.
Young children tend to love their parents, sometimes against great odds.
Young children tend to think magically.
Young children tend to wander off, so constant awareness is required.
Young children think cars can stop as quickly as they can.
Young children think cars can stop instantly.
Young children think concretely and have a lot of trouble with figurative language.
Young children think concretely and have difficulty understanding metaphors and similes.
Young children think in concrete terms.
Young children think in very concrete terms.
Young children think it's cool to put on grown-ups' gear.
Young children think much differently than adults.
Young children think symbolically rather than with the use of written words.
Young children think that conflicts are over when angry behavior and angry expressions stop.
Young children thrive on consistency.
Young children thrive on many varied learning experiences.
Young children to attend primary schools.
Young children to attend schools.
Young children try to avoid overlapping in their work.
Young children undergo several rites of passage.
Young children understand best a world that relates to themselves.
Young children understand that witches, ghosts, and such things are something to be afraid of.
Young children use many forms of communication - oral, pictorial and symbolic.
Young children use motive information to make trait inferences.
Young children use their parents' computers.
Young children view their parents as all-knowing, and take in their words as gospel truth.
Young children visit doctors.
Young children watch others perform task, then do it themselves.
Young children watch the Oscars too.
All young children are impulsive, but they eventually learn control.
All young children deserve to be cared for, nurtured and supported in their development.
All young children enjoy learning about animals.
All young children handle their genitals.
All young children have difficulty separating fact from fantasy.
All young children have it and most lose it in the process of growing into adulthood.
All young children have the natural ability to learn easily by imitation and repetition.
All young children have the potential for creative expression.
All young children learn through play.
All young children learn very rapidly at the exploratory level, through play, games and curiosity.
All young children love The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
Every young child knows how hard it is to start that first day of school.
Every young child needs a growing sense of discipline.
Every young child wants to become a fisherman.
Many young children are at risk for dental decay.
Many young children are in danger each year from household poisons.
Many young children are quick to label acquaintances as either friends or enemies.
Many young children are simply early risers and are ready to start the day bright and early.
Many young children are top heavy and susceptible to head and spinal cord injury.
Many young children consider war to be heroic, exciting and fun.
Many young children crave commotion, and the opportunities that busy preschools offer.
Many young children develop a fear of bugs during the toddler and preschool years.
Many young children develop a stutter a year or two after they begin to speak.
Many young children dislike vegetables.
Many young children engage in challenging behavior at various times during their early development.
Many young children engage in challenging behavior in the course of early development.
Many young children enjoy folding the laundry.
Many young children have limited opportunities for such experiences.
Many young children have no symptoms.
Many young children have problems switching from one activity to another.
Many young children have so-called temper tantrums at one time or another in their lives.
Many young children have to refuse a new food several times before they finally accept it.
Many young children have trouble with small buttons, hooks, and clasps.
Many young children hit, kick, and bite during play to avoid sharing or to get a toy they want.
Many young children know that people can fly without the use of any mechanical device.
Many young children love to read about different kinds of animals.
Many young children make up their own letters.
Many young children refuse to eat fruits or vegetables along with refusing many other foods.
Many young children spend several hours each day in the care of someone other than a relative.
Many young children spend their early years at a day-care center.
Many young children start to act quite babyish when the baby comes into the house.
Many young children suffer recurrent ear infections.
Many young children use art as communication.
Many young children wheeze when they have an upper respiratory infection or a cold.
Many young children wheeze when they have an upper respiratory tract infection or a cold.
Many young children worry about going down the drain with the water.
Many young children write letters or numbers backwards.
Most young children approach clay by flattening it out.
Most young children are afraid of ghosts and monsters.
Most young children are at risk for accidents and injuries.
Most young children are completely at home in their bodies.
Most young children are more comfortable on the floor than in a chair.
Most young children are naturally curious and many like to solve puzzles.
Most young children are naturally curious.
Most young children become upset automatically if they are called a name or ridiculed in any way.
Most young children can learn acceptable behaviour.
Most young children come to school eager and ready to learn.
Most young children determine their own gender identity by age two.
Most young children enjoy pretend play and love to imitate action heroes.
Most young children enjoy sweet foods such as biscuits, cakes, sweets, chocolates and sweet drinks.
Most young children enter school curious about the world of print.
Most young children feel more secure when they have set routines.
Most young children have first urinary tract infection.
Most young children have grandparents.
Most young children have infection.
Most young children have levels.
Most young children have mothers who work outside the home.
Most young children have no interest in eating trees or their leaves, so the risk is low.
Most young children have only a mild flu-like illness without jaundice, or no symptoms at all.
Most young children have senses.
Most young children have small capacities and prefer small, frequent meals.
Most young children have tract infection.
Most young children have urinary infection.
Most young children join families.
Most young children like and even admire their teachers.
Most young children like to help with household tasks.
Most young children pay attention.
Most young children pay close attention.
Most young children play in backyards.
Most young children receive care from pediatricians or family physicians.
Most young children recognize and believe that animals have feelings.
Most young children require intake.
Most young children require sedation to undergo a CAT scan.
Most young children seem to have a hard time getting beyond mad, sad, glad and happy.
Most young children take a new language in stride.
Most young children take precaution.
Most young children use a pacifier or suck on their thumb or fingers.
Most young children visit doctors.
Some young children are barbarians.
Some young children are diagnosed with conditions.
Some young children are simply more aggressive than others.
Some young children become irritable upon waking for sedation.
Some young children become sensitized to mosquito or flea bites.
Some young children become users.
Some young children believe that they are loved only when they achieve.
Some young children consume chew gum.
Some young children consume chew nicotine gum.
Some young children consume gum.
Some young children consume nicotine gum.
Some young children eat paint that is peeling or chipping.
Some young children experience conflict.
Some young children get chances.
Some young children give freedom.
Some young children go through biting stages.
Some young children have a surgical procedure to implant a central venous catheter into a vein.
Some young children have have seizures.
Some young children kill birds.
Some young children lack purposes.
Some young children respond to approaches.
Some young children see death.
Some young children undergo rites.
Young chimps can survive without their mother after they are weaned.
Young chimps learn by watching others.
Young chimps seem to learn which plants are used and in what ways from observing their elders.
Young chimps spend a lot of time playing together and learning how to be a part of chimp society.
Young chimpanzees seem to watch closely and learn from adults.
Young chimpanzees stay with mothers.
Most young chimpanzees stay with mothers.
Young chinchillas are usually very easy to introduce to one another.
Young chinese students have desire.
Young chinooks have parr marks .
Most young chinook stay in their natal water for a whole year, when they swim for the ocean.
Some young chinook spend only a few months in the stream environment, some up to two years.
Young chipmunks are blind and naked at birth.
Young chipmunks leave their mother shortly after weaning.
Young christians see it from the beginning Old people feel it, that's what they're saying.
Young chuckwallas have four or five broad bands across the body, and three or four on the tail.
Young cicadas are called nymphs.
Young ciders are tart, especially.
Young citizens know the joy of volunteering through curriculum service learning activities.
Young civets are quite easy to tame.
Young civilian stands to the left of photo.
Some young civilians look on the the right of photo.
Young coaches can dribble pass and shoot with the pros.
Young cobras hatch after two months, and the female instinctively leaves the eggs before they hatch.
Young cocks show red on crests.
Young cockatiels can become very tame and trusting.
Young cockerels are often quite aggressive.
Young cod find shelter among delicate underwater forests of sea fans , tubeworms and anemones .
Young coho eat and grow vigorously.
Young college graduates live and work in public schools and government offices throughout Japan.
Young college is or maybe young foreplay.
Young college is sex or maybe young foreplay.
Young colonies have transparent stolons.
Young companies are, understandably, very focused on getting a product perfected and to market.
Young companies find the road is much smoother with a knowledgeable and dependable partner.
Young companies have to contract out for services such as accounting and manufacturing.
Young companies tend to be focusing on the technology.
All young companies face recruiting challenges.
Young composers are able to study with professionals and to present their own pieces for critique.
Young composers can write and share their own poetry.
Young conchs can bury themselves in the sand when they are in danger.
Young condors learn the full extent of their range partly from other more experienced birds.
Young cones are light green, mature cones dull brown.
Young cones are small, oval shaped and hang downward.
Young congregation holds to old traditions.
Young consumers prefer new formats such as waxes, gels and mousses.
Many young cooks have no idea what rhubarb is or what to do with it.
Young coots glide between the cattails.
Young copperheads have a yellow tipped tail.
Young copperheads have lemon-yellow tails.
Young corals attach themselves to the old skeleton and the cycle starts again.
Young corn is supposed to be green.
Young corn is usually more sensitive, especially if it displays a noticeable height reduction.
Young cottonmouths are also prey to larger predators.
Young cottonmouths have spots.
Most young cottonmouths have spots.
Young cottontails are born blind and naked.
Young cottontails are born blind with no ears either.
Young cottontails have layers.
Most young cottontails have layers.
Young cottonwoods grow nearby.
Young cougars stay with their mother until they are about two years old.
Most young cougars learn how to use their power through trial and error.
Some young cougars are driven across miles of countryside in search of an unoccupied territory.
Young couple prefers new condos but sizes are smaller than old ones.
Young couple raising family needs to rent or purchase property in Williams Arizona area.
Young couple seeks career opportunities involving travel.
Young couple sets out on mission to teach South African children .
Young couples are often receptive just after the birth of their first baby.
Young couples are unable to afford their own housing because monthly rents exceed their salaries.
Young couples can move rather easily and create new roots for themselves.
Young couples exchanging one gift each can mean the world.
Young couples go on a date to visit shrines on New Year's Day.
Young couples have the opportunity to court, and the older people and children just to have fun.
Young couples have to go out to work.
Young couples hold hands as they take in the view of the city.
Young couples jump through the fire also.
Young couples leave their small children with a neighbor, or with their parents.
Young couples living next door to registered paedophiles are murderous with rage.
Young couples stroll along the seafront - men and women together, appropriately dressed, of course.
Young couples stroll the streets, hugging and smiling at each other.
Young couples take refuge in their humble abodes staying out of sight after a hard days work.
Every young couple aspires to married bliss.
Every young couple knows the thrill of such a conversation.
Many young couples come to our house or seek advice on the phone.
Many young couples like to design their own rings.
Many young couples live with their parents.
Many young couples purchase a home as the first step to starting a family.
Many young couples pursue the relationship at their own initiative.
Many young couples rent in the city until they have children.
Most young couples feel like they can t make ends meet.
Some young couples go to great length to have a non-traditional ceremony.
Young cows are usually worst-affected, because they have no previous exposure and immunity.
Young cows can double in value by improved carcass grade.
Young cows tend to get thinner than older cows when nutrition is limiting.
Young cowbirds begging for food confirm both the cowbird and the host species.
Young coyotes tend to be more active during daylight hours than adults.
Young crab are particularly susceptible.
Young crabs are about one inch wide.
Young crabs use Bay grass beds for nursery areas, and crabs of all sizes forage for food there.
Young crappie eat small aquatic invertebrates.
Young craters have Rays.
Young crickets appear similar to adults, although their wings are underdeveloped.
Young criminals emerge embittered, unemployable and with an indifference about re-offending.
Young crocodiles eat worms and insects.
Young crocodiles have bones similar to some dinosaur bones.
Young crops require lower rates of nutrients than crops in mid-growth.
Young crows are white before they leave the nest.
Young cubs are known to croak and squeal.
Young cubs grow a thick yellow-gray coat on their backs called a mantle.
Young cubs learn by watching the adults, and by playing to perfect their hunting skills.
Young cubs stay with their mother for several years.
Young cubs use a whistle, which sounds like a loud scream, to signal distress.
Young cuckoos are slate-gray and reddish brown in color.
Young cuckoos follow their parents back to Africa several weeks later.
Young cuckoos look like adults, but are more reddish-brown on their wings.
Young cucurbits can tolerate some feeding damage without a loss in yield.
Young culture is about edge and energy.
Young curlers learn the game throwing smaller rocks.
Young customers look forward to shopping there from the time they're six years old.
Young cygnets eat aquatic insects.
Young cygnets eat insects.
Young cygnets eat mostly aquatic insects.
Young cygnets have a few strategies to prevent themselves from getting too hot or too cold.
Most young cygnets eat aquatic insects.
Most young cygnets eat insects.
Young dads meet regularly to explore parenting roles.
Young dancers get ready to go on stage at the Tobago Heritage Festival.
Young dancers meet twice a week for classes, rehearsals and workshops throughout the school year.
Young darters reach sexual maturity after one year.
Young darters tend to occupy more open areas.
Young deer are called fawns or calfs.
Young deer are just as likely to roam or stay at home as are old deer.
Young deer begin foraging on plants within a month and are completely weaned in three months.
Some young designers have shops with inspiring wares on sale.
Young detectives look for clues and solve mysteries.
Young developers bring new ideas and new ways of doing things to an organization.
Young devils are more agile however and can climb trees.
Young devils are more agile than adults and can climb trees.
Young devils are quite agile and can climb trees.
Young diagrams arise naturally in the theory of integer partitions.
Young diamondbacks feed on rodents, and adults also eat rabbits and ground-dwelling birds.
Young directors come off the wall at a different angle.
Most young directors shoot easy stuff on the first two or three days.
Young divers have several metabolic disadvantages.
Young doctors are equally remiss.
Young doctors perform operations.
Young doctors see that doctors who do abortions get little respect.
Many young doctors move to small towns, gain experience and then leave.
Most young doctors perform operations.
Some young doctors have no interest in becoming a partner in the real estate entity.
Young dog is otherwise very submissive, and very friendly to all animals and people.
Young dogs are also susceptible to several bone diseases.
Young dogs are more likely to bite than older ones.
Young dogs are often destructive, they chew things and dig holes in the garden.
Young dogs are very curious and can eat just about anything.
Young dogs have invert papillomas.
Young dogs have papillomas.
Young dogs jump up on each other or their parents in mock battles that imitate future hunts.
Young dogs learn easily.
Young dogs receive diets.
Young dogs receive magnesium diets.
Young dogs seem to have even more energy than children.
Young dogs stray off the boardwalk or stand there looking bewildered.
Most young dogs have invert papillomas.
Most young dogs have papillomas.
Most young dogs receive diets.
Most young dogs receive magnesium diets.
Some young dogs are prime candidates for the breeding program.
Young Dolphins are part of the communities living around rafts of sargassum.
Young donkeys are called jack foals or jennet foals.
Young donors are skeptical about charities.
Young doves begin the migration followed by adult females and then adult males.
Young dragons live in trees to avoid their cannibalistic elders.
Young dragons remain arboreal for a few years, eating bird eggs, insects and small mammals.
Young dragonflies are aquatic insects.
Young dragonflies live in the water and feed on other small insects.
Young drinkers are over-represented in drinking driver deaths.
Young drinkers believe that the degree of enjoyment is directly related to the amount consumed.
Young drinkers can become old drunks, the group agrees.
Young drives pay more than adults do, and young males pay more than young females in most states.
Young drivers are another important target.
Young drivers are at particular risk to be involved in alcohol-related crashes.
Young drivers are over-representative in traffic crashes and deaths.
Young drivers are over-represented in alcohol related driving accidents.
Young drivers are over-represented in traffic crashes and deaths.
Young drivers are statistically more likely to drive carelessly or arrogantly than older drivers.
Young drivers can also get discounts for completing an approved driver-training course.
Young drivers can also get good-student discounts with some companies.
Young drivers lack experience and are often prone to risk taking behavior.
Young drivers make more journeys at night and have more accidents at that time of day.
Young drivers move up the privilege ladder through supervised experience or formal training.
Young drivers pay much higher rates for coverage regardless of their driving records.
Young drivers speed more often than older drivers.
Young drivers tend to drive too fast, run off the road and overcompensate to correct driving errors.
Many young drivers feel invincible and untouchable.
Most young drivers are often very inexperienced.
Most young drivers think they are resistant to harm.
Young drums feed on maritime worms, small shrimp, and crabs and small fish.
Young dudes get in duels in front of their girlfriends, making crashes inevitable.
Young dunes are called yellow dunes and dunes which have high humus content are called grey dunes .
Young eagles are on their own until they are about five years old.
Young eagles grow fast and require large amounts of food.
Young eagles roam great distances.
Young eagles spend much of their time traveling.
Young eagles take time to achieve the grace and know-how of an adult.
Some young eagles shed their downy feathers early and wear the dress of grown-up birds.
Young eaglets are nearly ready to take flight while osprey chicks are still nest bound.
Young ears take that as a strong lesson to learn.
Young earwigs are generally lighter in color than adults.
Young earwigs are similar in appearance to adults but smaller.
Young earwigs are similar in appearance to adults except that they are smaller in size.
Young earwigs resemble adults but are smaller.
Young echidnas leave the pouch when their spines appear, and adult echidnas eat termites and ants.
Young eels are transparent and leaf shaped.
Young eels eat plankton, brine shrimp and other small forms of life.
Young eels inhabit coastal waters and at adulthood move to deeper waters.
Young eels use selective tidal stream transport to move up estuaries.
Young elands have a strong tendency to associate in peer groups of their own.
Young elders face great challenges.
Young elephants follow their mothers or older sisters by holding on to their tails.
Young elephants remain with their natal herd even after they've been weaned.
Young elephants weigh tons.
Most young elephants weigh tons.
Some young elephants hit puberty.
Young elk have proportionally shorter heads to bodies than adults.
Young emigrants are more Russian than their elders.
Young employees are much more interested in having a life than a career.
Young employees have both the latest academic training plus greater interest in pursuing new ideas.
Many young employees care most about take home pay.
Young emus are very vulnerable to disease until they are about three months old.
Young emus consume large quantities of caterpillars and grasshoppers.
Young engineers explain the work they do and why they came into the profession.
Many young engineers find themselves increasingly drawn to management.
Young entrepreneur helps new college grads find their way into the working world.
Young entrepreneurs can nominate themselves or be nominated by others.
Young entrepreneurs can sell their products here.
Young entrepreneurs get to mingle with the who s who of technology success stories.
Young entrepreneurs have tremendous ideas and can recognize significant opportunities.
Young entrepreneurs link to the world in real-time.
Young entrepreneurs live by email.
Young entrepreneurs make their mark.
Young entrepreneurs play a vital role in today s economy.
Many young entrepreneurs make the same mistake.
Some young entrepreneurs take on too many customers.
Young ermines spend first year of their life with their mother.
Young eucalypts have round leaves.
Young examples are intensely sour from lactic acid and at times some acetic acid.
Young eyes have the ability to bring the image forward and focus it on the retina.
Young eyes light up with joy.
Young eyes record everything, burn everything into a blank brain.
Young faces are everywhere.
Young faculty can easily become overly involved with departmental and university service activities.
Young faculty take stock of the future of higher ed.
Young falcons are brownish-slate above with heavily streaked undersides.
Young families appreciate the schools and recreational opportunities for children.
Young families are a key to their growth.
Young families are everywhere in West Wichita with half the households supporting young children.
Young families build neighborhoods.
Young families can enjoy uninterrupted quality time together.
Young families feel like hostages in their own homes.
Young families find cabins to be a comfortable, convenient alternative to tent camping.
Young families follow good schools.
Young families love Pine Lake.
Young families make up the bulk of Cathedral City's population.
Young families meet once a month for a potluck dinner and to discuss issues of faith and morals.
Young families represent a significant share of the state's out-migration.
Young families require childcare in order to achieve financial growth.
Young families seem to have one member of the family coughing most of the autumn, winter and spring.
Young families tend to have a fairly low disposable income.
Young families welcome.
Many young families locate there because of the popular school system.
Young fans can pull up each players stats.
Young fans come with enthusiasm and dreams of playing basketball some day.
Young fans line up around the field to cheer on their heroes.
Young farmers are the future of agriculture.
Young farmers enjoy observing barnyard friends in action.
Young farmers feel that the the key to profitability is international trade.
Young farmers seem most likely to take advantage.
Young farmers use technology .
Young fathers prefer to attend birth classes to learn birth procedures.
Young fawns emit scent.
Young fawns stay with mothers.
Most young fawns emit scent.
Most young fawns stay with mothers.
Some young fawns consume milk.
Young female cows have calves.
Young female students attend universities.
Young female swimmers have ages.
Young female swimmers have skeletal ages.
Young females are more greenish above and tinged with yellow on the abdomen.
Young females are phenomenal communicators.
Young females are pullets.
Young females are said to' differ from the old ones by the exhibition of a reddish hue.
Young females are slightly convex with a pattern of minute black spots.
Young females are slightly less social than the males.
Young females can breed at one year of age, but many wait until they're two.
Young females can mate when only three months old and give birth when four months old.
Young females have fewer accidents than young males.
Young females help, too, which is good training for when they become mothers themselves.
Young females join other female groups and young males form bachelor groups.
Young females lack the skills necessary to raise calves and are less successful breeders.
Young females remain with their parents until adulthood while young males leave as juveniles.
Young females stay with their mother for up to a year.
Young females stop having young when food is scarce.
Young females tend to have smaller litters.
Young feminism is sellable.
Young feminists are puritans.
Young feminists hate old feminists.
Young feminists have all kinds of social, economic, racial, ethnic, sexual and religious identities.
Young feminists transform a statue into a living testament of the power and strength of young women.
Many young fencers are members of both school and private clubs.
Young ferns are sold in shops, served in restaurants and also exported to China as a popular dish.
Young ferrets are easier to train than older ones.
Young ferrets are very fidgety, old ones are more likely to be cuddled.
Young ferrets do better in solid-bottomed enclosures.
Young ferrets have bright white teeth.
Young ferrets look like mice when they are born and their eyes are shut.
Young fields are in fair condition with the recent cold winds causing some leaf burn.
Young fields are in good condition.
Young fields are in very good condition with growers irrigating as needed.
Young fields are in very good condition with irrigation very active.
Young fields are in very good condition.
Young fields are up to good stands with warm weather boosting plant growth.
Young fields are up with good stands.
Young fields look good.
Young fields look very good.
Young fields show good plant growth.
Most young fields have good stands.
Young filmmakers are also well represented.
Young filmmakers audition for first jobs as studio tour guides.
Young filmmakers have a chance to do what they love to do and actually have an audience.
Young filmmakers have a lot of heat today, to meet expectations, both creatively and financially.
Most young filmmakers prefer to focus on their own projects.
Young firefighters do it anyway.
Young firm breasts threaten to burst through as one button holds the lace together.
Many young firms have little choice but to find a partner.
Young fish are bright yellow with blue spots near their eyes.
Young fish are cannibalistic and sensitive to being handled.
Young fish are easy prey for larger fish.
Young fish are fish.
Young fish are more susceptible to illness caused by parasites.
Young fish are most susceptible because the parasite attacks their soft cartilage.
Young fish are paler with more mottled colouration.
Young fish are sand shifters, filtering small organisms from ingested sand.
Young fish are youngs.
Young fish eat plankton, the tiniest plant and animal life.
Young fish enter inlets and sounds and settle on muddy bottoms.
Young fish feed exclusively on algae.
Young fish feed on insect larvae and switch to small fish, snails, and crayfish as they grow.
Young fish feed on larval fishes and insects.
Young fish feed on plankton, but as they grow the diet shifts to aquatic insects and their larvae.
Young fish feed primarily on fish, crustaceans, and insects.
Young fish feeds also on benthic species.
Young fish find food and shelter in the protective vegetation.
Young fish go synchronous.
Young fish grow quickly.
Young fish have a distinctive black spot near the base of the upper portions of the tail fin.
Young fish have a dusky vertical bar on the caudal peduncle which fades with increasing age.
Young fish have no nursery areas and are simply swept downstream in the heavy flows.
Young fish have several parr marks on each side.
Young fish lack the robust appearance of older ones.
Young fish like to hide vertically in bushy plants.
Young fish move inshore and congregate into schools near the beach.
Young fish resemble the females.
Young fish tend to mature fast.
Young fishes concentrate over sandy areas.
Young fisher are killed at times by large owls, eagles and coyotes.
Young fishers are born blind and nearly naked.
Young fisherman helps pack up part of the day's catch of yellowtail snapper.
Young fishermen are welcome on a lot of the charters.
Young fishermen enjoy the sport more if they are dry and comfortable.
Young flamingos are white and only acquire the pink color after they begin to feed on the shrimp.
Young flamingos leave the nest after five days and form groups.
Young fliers can make a kite of their own as part of the festivities.
Young fliers have a distinctive orange spot on the trailing edge of the dorsal fin.
Young fliers make huge sacrifices in acquiring the credentials necessary to propel their careers.
Young foals are susceptible to ammonia, which can cause pneumonia.
Young foliage displays bronze color.
Young foliage is deformed and covered with white mycelia.
Young foliage is especially susceptible.
Young foliage is particularly susceptible.
Young foliage is pinkish, then turns to soft light green.
Young foliage is reddish.
Young foliage is villous above and along veins beneath.
Young foliage makes good forage.
Young foliage reacts to being touched much like the mimosa sensitive plant.
Young foliage turns gray-green or bronze and finally straw color.
Young folk are particularly easy to typify and short-change, especially for comedies' sake.
Young folk leave Ashe County to earn their fortune so they can return to live among their families.
Young folks are far more oriented to people than to eras.
Young folks are more interested in computer-related careers than slinging hammers in hot weather.
Young folks are more likely to think that public service is separate from politics.
Young folks are the objects of the action, never the subjects.
Young folks are too sophisticated for that nonsense.
Young folks are welcome at the library, too.
Young folks can come work in our industries and corporations now.
Young folks dig it.
Young folks seem to have a special interest in on-line play.
Many young folks arrive at campuses.
Young forests are often mixed with various pines.
Young forests capture more carbon from the atmosphere than old forests.
Young forests have a well-defined shrub layer and understory.
Young forests offer diverse vegetation like seedlings, saplings, wildflowers and berries.
Young form is globular but matures to a pyramidal form.
Young fowls are frequent sources of infection.
Young foxes leave their home territory in early fall.
Young foxes tend to have a paler but thicker dorsal fur coat compared to adults.
Young fronds are bronze to orange-red then turn green.
Young fronds have a pinkish blush.
Young fronds make an olive yellow.
Some young fronds develop ferns.
Young fruit is scarred or dimpled by their feeding.
Young fruit rot and drop off.
Young fruits appear already disfigured.
Young fruits lack external symptoms.
Young fruits turn brown and shed.
Young fry are easier to feed in small tanks.
Young fry has gills and usually spend their first weeks hanging on leafs in dense vegetation.
Young galls are light green or nearly white in color.
Young galls are white, firm and covered with a semiglossy periderm.
Young gars begin feeding on small crustaceans such as copepods, and insects.
Young garibaldi are even more colorful with bright blue spots on a reddish orange body.
Young gays face abuse in schools.
Many young gays have a high degree of hate for themselves, and many commit suicide.
Some young gazelles break vertebrae.
Young geese are called goslings.
Young generation get a lot of rights and opportunities.
Young generation swallows and digests it quickly.
Young gentlemen give suppers.
Young gibbons leave their natal group when they become adult.
Young giraffes are self-sufficient but vulnerable.
Young giraffes eat leaves.
Young giraffes have more predators due to their smaller size.
Most young giraffes eat leaves.
A young girl is a girl
Young girl dies during dental procedure.
Young girl fastening dress ca.
Young girl goes to school, likes school does well.
Young girl hits puberty and all hell breaks loose.
Young girl holding mirror ca.
Young girl learns how to read and write.
Young girl raises money for diabetes research .
Young girl tries to divorce neglectful parents.
Young girl wants to be a famous ballerina.
Young girls appear to be most at risk because they tend to gain body fat as they begin puberty.
Young girls are at highest risk of unwanted pregnancy and unsafe abortion.
Young girls are at particular risk of reproductive ill-health.
Young girls are brighter than young boys.
Young girls are called pullets and young boys are called cockerels.
Young girls are in a terrible dilemma.
Young girls are just as capable of programming computers as young boys.
Young girls are just as much at risk as boys.
Young girls are kittens in search of cougars.
Young girls are more likely to get their information from magazines.
Young girls are more likely to have problems during pregnancy.
Young girls are particularly at risk of having their human rights violated.
Young girls are particularly vulnerable.
Young girls are prepared to be the objects of the male gaze from a very early time in their lives.
Young girls are singles.
Young girls are still into romance and romantic language.
Young girls are still twice as likely to be inactive as young boys.
Young girls become heroes as they help dragons and their babies escape the world of men.
Young girls become less likely to engage in physical activity.
Young girls can become prostitutes, while others are forced to beg.
Young girls can check the latest information about fashion and style .
Young girls can discuss concerns about issues such as sexual reputation and the risks of pregnancy.
Young girls can earn more money elsewhere.
Young girls can learn how to refuse sexual advances and manage male aggressiveness.
Young girls can only hope.
Young girls can t sit and listen for long periods of time.
Young girls can write or record diary or journal entries.
Young girls come out of school with absolutely no useful skills.
Young girls cry for scarves of silk, little boys, outside to stay.
Young girls dance holding hands around a stylized tree form.
Young girls desire parties.
Young girls discover their hunger for sex.
Young girls do get weary.
Young girls dove for it, risking life and limb.
Young girls dream of it.
Young girls face unequal treatment in the society.
Young girls form a multi-ethnic band and earn money to help with expenses while grandmother is sick.
Young girls go to work for dealers, often selling themselves for their next fix.
Young girls have a tight pussy.
Young girls have more problems during pregnancy.
Young girls have the opportunity to see all of the great athletes playing.
Young girls help their mothers with household duties and tend to the young children.
Young girls help their mothers with their chores.
Young girls impress the academy more than young boys.
Young girls jump rope in a street.
Young girls keep their hair cut very short until they are about seven years old.
Young girls learn lessons.
Young girls learn the art of dressing at an early age.
Young girls learn to suck, fuck masterbate.
Young girls learn valuable lessons.
Young girls like to experiment with their hair.
Young girls like to visit shrine in Kimono.
Young girls love to dress up in their best holiday outfits.
Young girls marry while they are in their teens.
Young girls mutilate themselves with razors.
Young girls play at imitating the intricate and difficult dances performed by men.
Young girls pray for grooms of their choice while married women seek a long life for their husbands.
Young girls report less difficulty in getting drugs than young boys.
Young girls row while men steer and follow the beating rhythm of a drum.
Young girls run away from home.
Young girls see cool guys.
Young girls see guys.
Young girls see men.
Young girls seem to start smoking cigarettes for a variety of reasons, including weight management.
Young girls show off nude pics, big tits and wet pussy.
Young girls shuffle around in a circle.
Young girls sing and dance around and move slowly towards the altar to offer their gifts.
Young girls sit together, listen to music and dance.
Young girls sleep randomly with older men for survival as poverty is rife.
Young girls slide fingers inside themselves.
Young girls smile at poor boys with too much cologne.
Young girls tend to be less confident about their success in science and math than young boys.
Young girls traipse up and down the beach hawking pearls and colorful huge corals.
Young girls try to be a model with artificial eyebrows, lipstick, and other foreign cosmetics.
Young girls turn to sex or shut down emotionally.
Young girls walk around with painted chests.
Young girls wear caps.
Young girls wear pure white, fully lined outfits symbolizing their purity.
Young girls wear their hair in braids, which is coiled up onto their heads after marriage.
Every young girl can become such a lady.
Every young girl is accustomed to think only of that.
Every young girl needs that in their life.
Many young girls are serious enough to enjoy their ballet without sugarcoating.
Many young girls die.
Many young girls have ADHD as severe as that of boys.
Many young girls keep diaries.
Many young girls reach the brothels after they are sold in the 'girl bazaar' like commodities.
Many young girls romanticize about the ideal man.
Many young girls start using tampons early on because they are swimmers or athletes.
Many young girls suffer severe medical and emotional problems after an abortion.
Most young girls learn lessons.
Most young girls learn valuable lessons.
Most young girls see cool guys.
Most young girls see guys.
Most young girls see men.
Most young girls start out wearing pads because they are easy to use.
Some young girls come to courts.
Some young girls come to homes.
Some young girls fall from windows.
Some young girls hold cats.
Some young girls lie on beds.
Some young girls look at globes.
Some young girls look at world globes.
Some young girls participate in gymnastics.
Some young girls stand in fronts.
Some young girls use addresses.
Young goats are called 'kids'.
Young goats are goats.
Young goats are more likely to show signs of disease than adults.
Young goats are most susceptible to the effects of aflatoxin , although all ages can be affected.
Young goats are most susceptible to the effects of aflatoxin, although all ages can be affected.
Young goats are young animals.
Young goats seem to be more susceptible to coccidiosis.
Young goblins can be so stringy too.
Young golfers can learn the basics from a golf-pro including putting, chipping, irons, and woods.
Young gorillas are friendly, but they soon learn.
Young gorillas climb a lot, though.
Young gorillas play often and are more arboreal than the large adults.
Young gorillas sleep with their mothers.
Young gorillas stay with mothers.
Young gorillas stay with their mothers until they reach the age of two or three.
Most young gorillas stay with mothers.
Young goshawks have white eyes and brown plumage.
Young gourds are soft and pliable.
Many young graduates have to relocate due to the job market here.
Young grass is foundation of a healthy lawn.
Young grasshoppers are a no-no.
Young grasshoppers are called nymphs and already look like miniature versions of the parents.
Young grasshoppers are much easier to manage than adult grasshoppers.
Young grasshoppers are wingless in the nymph stage.
Young grasshoppers look like miniature adults, though they lack wings.
Some young grasshoppers shed skin.
Young greens are excellent sources of chlorophyll, enzymes and vitamins.
Young groundhogs are weaned and ready to seek their own dens at five to six weeks of age.
Young growth is attractive. .
Young growth is densely woolly with yellowish-brown hairs which disappear as the plant ages.
Young growth is pink.
Young growth is susceptible to slug damage.
Young grubs are very susceptible to desiccation.
Young grubs begin feeding on organic matter.
Young grubs feed within the crown area of the plant and kill it.
Young grubs feed within the crown area of the plant and kill the plant.
Young guanacos are called chulengos.
Young guests can dive into a Bouncer or crawl through tunnels.
Young guests enjoy our rocking chairs.
Young guinea is the most tender and flavorful of all.
Most young guitarists are long on flash and gimmicks.
Young gulls are more migratory than adults and adults tend to stay near breeding grounds.
Young guns shoot for the cup.
Young guns shooting for the big-ticket IPO can all but forget about it.
Young guys are dumb.
Young guys do that.
Young guys get older, freshmen become sophomores and so on.
Young guys have energy, a sense of technology and a sense of the market.
Young guys have such enthusiasm.
Young guys have to learn about winning.
Young guys looking for dope can be amusing at times, but as in real life, it is a banal pursuit.
Young guys make easy targets .
Young guys show interest.
Young guys tend to overrun things.
Most young guys show interest.
Some young guys get into rooms.
Some young guys get into weight rooms.
Some young guys have accidents.
Young hackers earn their reps by knocking off people at the top.
Young halibut is the best, but steaks, fillets and cutlets are all available from larger fish.
Young hams are about to get a special treat.
Young hamsters are very cute, but it is wiser to purchase a somewhat older hamster.
Young hands can get weary.
Young hands get opportunities to bend, stack, balance and create three-dimensional forms.
Young hardwood stands with a dense overstory and somewhat clear understory.
Young hares are able to move about and feed on their own shortly after birth.
Young hares are born fully furred and with eyes open.
Young hares are therefore able to fend for themselves very quickly after birth.
Some young hares freeze in tracks.
Some young hares require care.
Young harlequins can swim only days after they hatch.
Young hawks develop quickly.
Young hawks have different kinds of feathers than adult hawks.
Young heads are giddy, and young hearts are warm, .
Young heads are giddy, and young hearts are warm, And make mistakes for manhood to reform.
Young hearts bounce back much better from stress and damage, even the stress of treatment itself.
Young hedgehogs grow quite rapidly.
Young heifers consume much less forage than grain on a dry matter basis.
Young hellbenders are fish food, but adults swallow fish whole.
Young herons are helpless for a few weeks after they hatch.
Young herons are white initially.
Young herons lack plumes and are more brownish in color.
Young hippos stay under water.
Young hippos are susceptible to predation by lions, leopards, hyenas, and wild dogs.
Young hippos occupy most of their time in the water standing on the backs of their mothers.
Most young hitters give up now.
Young hoatzin lose their claws once they reach maturity.
Young hoatzins have hooks on their wings, reminiscent of prehistoric creatures.
Young hoatzins have hooks on their wings, similar to the prehistoric Archaeopteryx.
Young hoatzins lose their wing-claws as they attain adulthood.
Young horses appear to be more susceptible to the problems of phenylbutazone toxicity.
Young horses are at greatest risk to developing stereotypies.
Young horses are much more prone to bucking early in their training.
Young horses are the most susceptible.
Young horses go through so many stages before the adult product emerges.
Young horses have milk teeth.
Young horses have teeth.
Young horses have temporary milk teeth which are smaller, whiter and smoother than permanent teeth.
Young horses spend their first four or five years with very little contact with humans.
All young horses have problems with their bits from time to time, greatly confusing the subject.
Most young horses have milk teeth.
Most young horses have teeth.
Some young horses develop nasal discharge accompanied by a cough as a result of larvae migration.
Some young horses grow steadily, never going through an awkward, rump-high stage.
Young hotshots tend to get over-heated.
Young households are more likely than older households to live in medium or high density housing.
Young humans have larger heads than adults.
Many young hunters learn to hunt rabbit before moving up to other game.
Some young hunters examine hartebeests.
Some young hunters join parents.
Young husbands are indulgent, but still they have to recognize facts.
Young hybrids have visible parr marks on their sides until they are several inches long.
Young hyphae are pale, becoming brown with age.
Young hyraxes are playful, with normal behavior including biting, climbing, chasing, and fighting.
Young hyson refers to slightly twisted or rolled young leaves.
Young ice exists in many forms.
Young iguanas are a very light green and blend in well with their natural habitat.
Young iguanas are found among the adults in most basking aggregations.
Young iguanas are pale green with black-ringed tails.
Young iguanas consume insects.
Young iguanas eat insects.
Most young iguanas eat insects.
Young immigrants pay taxes to support heath care and pension plans.
Young individuals are known to have what is referred to as 'juvenile-phase' color form.
Young individuals feed also in open water on sandy and muddy substrate.
Young individuals feed by setting up cleaning stations, picking parasites off larger fish.
Young individuals have a banding pattern similar to that of banded water snakes.
Young individuals have no trunk, with their grass-like leaves radiating from the ground.
Young individuals have shorter tails.
Young individuals prefer cooler water temperatures than adults.
Young infants accompany mothers.
Young infants are at highest risk of acquiring clinical pertussis and complications.
Young infants are restless and sleep poorly.
Young infants fail to keep track of the modality by which info is acquired.
Young infants have a reflex known as the gastro-colic reflex.
Young infants rely on their parents to provide a safe environment.
Some young infants recover from acute gastroenteritis.
Some young infants recover from gastroenteritis.
Young infielders execute the proper fielding position together.
Young inmates awaiting execution in Texas get no special housing, no special treatment.
Young insects feed in the sheath.
Young insects look like miniature version of adults.
Young inventors contest to invent or modify a tool.
Young Inventors Find out what it takes to be a brilliant young inventor.
Some young inventors are very critical of themselves.
Young investigators are especially welcome.
Young investigators pursuing rural studies run the risk of marginalizing themselves professionally.
Young investors are more ignorant as well as more optimistic.
Most young investors rent movies from time to time.
Young Island has wonderful menus with lots of West Indian gourmet selections.
Young jackfruit has a mild flavor and distinctive meat-like texture and is compared to poultry.
Young jaguars learn to hunt by living with their mothers for two years or more.
Young jakes are careless.
Young jays are slate colored gray all over.
Young journalists frequent some, while older journalists are seen only in others.
Young journalists seem to practice 'hypothesis journalism' in Arkansas more now than in the past.
Some young journalists wish there had been more.
Young juncos are also browner than males, and they have streaks on their breast.
Young juveniles have dark spots on their breasts and are also paler in color than the adult males.
Young kestrels depend on their parents for food for two to three weeks after they fledge.
Young kiangs are able to walk from the moment of birth.
Young kids are a bundle of energy and naturally curious and exploring.
Young kids are always open-minded and at the same time very honest with their opinion.
Young kids are definately special people.
Young kids are definatley special people.
Young kids are more susceptible to coccidiosis, which is caused by an intestinal protozoan.
Young kids are much healthier in a cold, dry environment than they are in a warm, damp, smelly one.
Young kids are prone to tease and pick on someone who is different.
Young kids are untouched, and unstressed.
Young kids are very impressionable.
Young kids can be cruel.
Young kids can get extra-tired on vacation.
