Technology transfer can be fraught with difficulties.
Technology transfer comes with investment.
Technology transfer continues to arouse concerns among suppliers and clients.
Technology transfer involves technology previously developed by Esensors.
Technology transfer is a complex phenomena with many factors involved.
Technology transfer is a contact sport.
Technology transfer is a cornerstone of each project.
Technology transfer is a growing part of our IP business.
Technology transfer is a major emphasis of the forestry program.
Technology transfer is a new area of emphasis at the center.
Technology transfer is a popular phrase within the science community.
Technology transfer is about moving new and proven ideas into everyday practice.
Technology transfer is almost non-existent.
Technology transfer is an area that has been debated and is fairly close actually to decision.
Technology transfer is an important element in innovation within technology dependent firms.
Technology transfer is an important part of the business of scientific research.
Technology transfer is an integral part of the process.
Technology transfer is an outgrowth of work in many disciplines and fields.
Technology transfer is built into all elements of the program.
Technology transfer is dissemination of research findings and best practice examples.
Technology transfer is essential, as is the availability of financial resources.
Technology transfer is identified and in programs.
Technology transfer is incredibly important to the nation's economy.
Technology transfer is just a different kind of competition.
Technology transfer is just a subset of knowledge transfer.
Technology transfer is key for all at climate change conference.
Technology transfer is largely unregulated in terms of the actual learning process.
Technology transfer is more than a paper exercise.
Technology transfer is of crucial concern to both government and industry today.
Technology transfer is perhaps the most terrible pair of words ever invented.
Technology transfer is regarded as a crucial factor for economic development in New Mexico.
Technology transfer is the crucial element in China's modernization policy.
Technology transfer is very difficult between global sites and outsourcing partners.
Technology transfer is welcomed in all types of industries.
Technology transfer lies at the heart of the research.
Technology transfer occurs only in the mind of humans.
Technology transfer occurs when a technology is taken up by a new industry or in a new market.
Technology transfer requires far more than simply understanding a new technology.
Technology transfer requires patience and investment of time and money.
Technology transfer requires the commitment of both the university administration and the inventors.
Technology transfer starts with identifying research that has patent potential.
Technology transfer takes many forms.
Technology transfer takes place between the steering group and the network partners.
Technology transfer takes time and money.
Technology transfer works exactly the opposite way round.
Technology trends continue to change rapidly, creating demand for timely information.
Technology trends dictate that the gap between processor and memory performance is widening.
Technology Trends Follow our coverage from the hottest tech magazines.
Some technology trends are continuous.
Technology upgrades are a requirement in today's information-based society, administrators say.
Technology upgrades are also expensive and reoccurring.
Technology upgrades change the Internet at a lightning pace.
Technologies accelerate the process of globalization of knowledge.
Technologies acquire historical weight by reshaping the human condition.
Technologies adapts to the new ways, making the 'technological revolution' an intuitive one.
Technologies allow new options for living, learning, working and playing.
Technologies also have a potential to alter the marketplace for education.
Technologies also tend to be less mature, more volatile, and changing more rapidly.
Technologies are also among the factors which lead to increasingly dense working time.
Technologies are also interdependent.
Technologies are available and the majority have reached the pre-commercialization stage.
Technologies are available for testing ducts for leaks.
Technologies are available to enhance the learning experience in all academic disciplines.
Technologies are available to turn manure's potential detriments into benefits.
Technologies are combined and configured per site and treatment requirements.
Technologies are objects with often complex histories.
Technologies are really tools for thinking.
Technologies are scale neutral.
Technologies are simply tools that provide options for our use.
Technologies are still very expensive.
Technologies are the means of delivery.
Technologies are tools to accomplish the above goals.
Technologies are tools.
Technologies are unreliable.
Technologies are wings enabling the persons with disabilities to fly in the technical world.
Technologies are yet to be assessed.
Technologies associated with the work place are often specific to a particular field.
Technologies become outdated and outlive their support systems.
Technologies Below is a list of technologies encountered throughout the network.
Technologies can affect our information processing in other ways as well.
Technologies can assist businesses in tackling e-business in one of two ways.
Technologies can be good or bad, due to either good or bad decisions on the part of the designers.
Technologies can boost pedagogy in powerful ways.
Technologies can help facilitate that interaction.
Technologies can help in teaching the different aspects of history to many types of learners.
Technologies can make learning more individualized, accessible, flexible and often economical.
Technologies catch on only if they do things people want.
Technologies change and new platforms emerge onto the market place.
Technologies change at an incredible rate, especially in our geographic location.
Technologies change but certain methodologies remain fundamental.
Technologies change so fast that they become obsolete before they mature.
Technologies come and go as do our own preconceptions and quickly outdated beliefs.
Technologies come and go constantly.
Technologies come and go with increasing rapidity.
Technologies come and go.
Technologies come from the paradigms of science.
Technologies considered include fossil, nuclear, solar, and energy conservation.
Technologies continue to evolve with optical fiber still moving at a rapid pace.
Technologies continue to grow.
Technologies continue to improve at a rapid pace.
Technologies covered include broadband, satellite and cable-plus reception, and wireless Internet .
Technologies create styles.
Technologies currently exist which can provide secure provision of services without identification.
Technologies cyberspace, too - are always metaphors going back to a hieroglyphic culture.
Technologies designed to deliver drugs without needles are currently in development.
Technologies die for many reasons other than flaws in the technology.
Technologies Discover the hot technologies behind our products.
Technologies discussed are nuclear power, information technology, and genetic engineering.
Technologies do tend to leap forward in a given long-enough lifetime.
Technologies don t spring spontaneously from nothing with no lineage and imprint.
Technologies encourages and facilitates the development of user groups.
Technologies evolve in the strangest ways.
Technologies evolve toward human needs.
Technologies evolve very quickly.
Technologies exist for representing rationale and relationships.
Technologies exist on the horizon that can help address global climate change concerns.
Technologies exist that can make SUVs and other light trucks as clean and fuel efficient as cars.
Technologies exist to arrest global warming.
Technologies exist to make the wireless network secure.
Technologies exist today to protect and preserve privacy.
Technologies exist today which enable three dimensional representation of objects.
Technologies fall under a dominant standard of scientific-technical rationality .
Technologies Find people.
Technologies Find, use, develop, and share technology applicable to new projects.
Technologies free up the educational market.
Technologies generally diverge and specialize rather than converge.
Technologies give rise to many ways to communicate.
Technologies have economic implications, most carbon sinks are in ecosystems.
Technologies help people visualize concepts that are difficult to grasp.
Technologies helps with our web site.
Technologies hold promise but caution is urged.
Technologies improve at different speeds.
Technologies involved are complicated, as are the standards.
Technologies is a full-service market research and usability consulting firm.
Technologies is a fully and correctly licensed contractor.
Technologies is a growing and thriving company in the electronics components manufacturing field.
Technologies is a land records software development company.
Technologies is a leading supplier of wireless technology and accessories.
Technologies is a premiere PC manufacturer and supplier of PC products.
Technologies is a privately held company.
Technologies is a privately held Internet services firm.
Technologies is a privately held Internet technology company located in Orange, California.
Technologies is a small but fast growning firm based in New York.
Technologies is a start-up company growing through the efforts of exceptionally talented people.
Technologies is a world leader in component based software technology.
Technologies is an effort of some of the very bright and young entrepreneurs of the country.
Technologies is an international business and systems integration firm.
Technologies is please to have partnered with several leading companies in the call center industry.
Technologies is pleased to offer an extended hardware warranty for each of our products.
Technologies Is proud to provide the following services to our clients.
Technologies is ready for download.
Technologies is the leader in real-time group communication.
Technologies is the technology leader in trading exchange software.
Technologies is the world leader in fusing the web with field sales force automation.
Technologies is the world leader in fusing the Web with field sales force automation.
Technologies make it possible to visualize creating and linking up diverse learning communities.
Technologies needed here are design automation, packaging, materials, and componentry.
Technologies offer opportunities for new strategies to implement the answers.
Technologies offers consulting services to help companies apply self-calibration.
Technologies offers several lead cutting and bending machines.
Technologies open novel ways for interacting and doing business over the Internet.
Technologies participates in several interesting and exciting events each year.
Technologies provide open training courses in the areas listed below.
Technologies provides comprehensive, path breaking, creative internet solutions.
Technologies provides ongoing support, upgrades and programming services to the user.
Technologies provides the solution for all bandwidth concerns.
Technologies PUSH .
Technologies quickly pass into obsolescence.
Technologies recombine into something new, something that can transform humanity or destroy it.
Technologies reducing vibrations are of interest to heavy industries.
Technologies related to PACS are the fastest growing component of radiology medical systems.
Technologies related to the parties' authentication and collection of payment are equally essential.
Technologies removes the installation hassle.
Technologies result in reduced waste generation and reduced future liability.
Technologies rise and fall.
Technologies scale when they work as well for many people as they do for a few.
Technologies seeks to bridge that gap.
Technologies serve worldviews, inescapably so.
Technologies sgml, xml, datamining, datawarhousing, etc.
Technologies specializes in building long-term partnerships with their clients.
Technologies Specializes in providing software services and application development.
Technologies transform our ideas into realities.
Technologies used in agriculture, including genetics and genomics, are controversial.
Technologies used include soft systems, object oriented analysis, decision support.
Technologies used include watermarking, signatures on disc and encryption.
Technologies uses the protocol to obtain confidential user information, such as credit card numbers.
Technologies using web cameras and interactive chat rooms enable audiences to take an active role.
Technologies utilized include Web delivery, CD-ROM, videotape, and streaming media.
Technologies utilizes an innovative approach to the entire performance appraisal process.
Technology abounds here for the teaching, and for the projects.
Technology abounds in almost every occupation and profession.
Technology accelerates the enterprise.
Technology accelerates the pace of production.
Technology accelerates the violent and perhaps nonsustainable conditions under assumption one.
Technology accommodates functional limitations.
Technology acts as a lens.
Technology acts as both a nervous system and an amplifier.
Technology adds a new dimension to instruction in the classroom.
Technology adds a new dimension to teaching.
Technology adds an extra dimension to teaching.
Technology adds an extra element missing from traditional books.
Technology adds excitement providing a kaleidoscope of new ways to learn.
Technology adds further complications.
Technology adds new tools to our toolbox everyday.
Technology adds nothing to art.
Technology adds security, entertainment to automobiles.
Technology adds the power of efficiency.
Technology advances and, for a moment, chaos surmounts order .
Technology advances aside, the pricing is compelling.
Technology advances at such a blinding rate of speed, today is already history.
Technology advances every day.
Technology advances faster than the military's ability to write policy.
Technology advances for institutions and conferences.
Technology advances happen at a phenomenal rate-which is ideal for a multiplayer game.
Technology advances in agriculture, industry, and social services according to established patterns.
Technology advances in the blink of an eye.
Technology advances in vibration analysis - the good and bad news.
Technology advances inevitably lead to improvements.
Technology advances more rapidly than most people are capable of keeping pace.
Technology advances on vehicles and equipment requires advanced servicing skills.
Technology advances our society and opens up exciting new worlds of opportunity.
Technology advances quickly, competitors move even faster, and nothing stands still for long.
Technology advances rapidly, and soon remotely controlled robots are developed.
Technology advances so quickly that it is sometimes difficult to know which way to turn.
Technology advances so rapidly that things that are impossible today are commonplace tomorrow.
Technology advances swiftly.
Technology advances way too fast for anyone to maintain the best software or the fastest computers.
Technology affects both the content of the social studies and how the social studies are taught.
Technology affects capacity.
Technology affects everyone and is too vital an expenditure for enterprises to defer for long.
Technology affects everyone, universally, across campus and community.
Technology affects everything but replaces nothing.
Technology affects everything.
Technology affects many areas of our lives, especially in the workplace.
Technology affects other academic disciplines such as the humanities and the sciences.
Technology affects the lives of people living in the Bay Area.
Technology affects the way teachers teach, students learn, and administrators operate.
Technology affords more options to make life easier.
Technology affords other opportunities and challenges for the development and analysis of language.
Technology affords the means to amass, correlate and manipulate personal information.
Technology aggravates the lag between information and understanding.
Technology Aids the Disabled.
Technology aids the globalization of the economy.
Technology aids the student by offering a new forum in which to learn.
Technology aids the teacher in planning and grading.
Technology allows a fully integrated approach to the language arts.
Technology allows a larger proportion of the population to develop their creativity.
Technology allows all students an opportunity for an equitable education.
Technology allows all students to gain more knowledge no matter what level they are academically.
Technology allows any product to be made practically anywhere it is cheapest to do so.
Technology allows anybody to work anywhere with the use of telecommunications device.
Technology allows anyone to act as a motorsports journalist now.
Technology allows automobile designers to do more with much less.
Technology allows better education, but there is the question of who owns it.
Technology allows businesses to move at speeds once thought impossible.
Technology allows clients to create, manage and deliver e-marketing campaigns.
Technology allows companies to bypass others in the value chain.
Technology allows companies to invest in improved productivity and an improved product.
Technology allows companies to treat each person differently.
Technology allows end products to be uniquely different.
Technology allows exploration.
Technology allows faculty and students to review videos of entire counseling sessions.
Technology allows far more than bland overheads or scrolling words on a computer screen.
Technology allows fewer workers to produce ever-increasing quantities of goods.
Technology allows for a greater and greater variety of methods for communication.
Technology allows for a new vision of what is possible.
Technology allows for a very fast, safe and efficient shopping carts.
Technology allows for electronic report distribution.
Technology allows for examinations.
Technology allows for the building of larger and more powerful structures.
Technology allows for the optical scanning of print books with voice output.
Technology allows for the repurposing of pre-existing educational materials.
Technology allows groups to spread their influence without regard to geographic limitations.
Technology allows leaders to hide behind a screen.
Technology allows libraries to offer new services and to conduct business differently.
Technology allows manufacturers to produce at the lowest cost.
Technology allows objects, people, information, and ideas to travel great distances and dimensions.
Technology allows observations.
Technology allows operations.
Technology allows people to escape from the tyranny of place.
Technology allows people to integrate maps with video, photos, and, of course, Web pages.
Technology allows prices to follow supply and demand more closely than ever before.
Technology allows producers to cheaply store and replicate past work on demand.
Technology allows realistic numbers and more complicated computations.
Technology allows researchers.
Technology allows scientists.
Technology allows students access to actual data from real companies.
Technology allows students access to real world, real-time data.
Technology allows students and teachers to self-educate as part of learning for life.
Technology allows students to learn despite the systems' limitations.
Technology allows students to learn skills faster.
Technology allows students to review material covered in class.
Technology allows students to see the solution rather than just arriving at an answer.
Technology allows superposition of the instructor on slide images or video footage.
Technology allows teenagers almost unlimited access to popular music.
Technology allows that student to explore the possibilities.
Technology allows the learner to become the teacher.
Technology allows the main details of a cheque to be read and transmitted electronically.
Technology allows the teacher and students access.
Technology allows their ship to travel near, though under, light speed.
Technology allows today's expert restorers to do more than ever.
Technology allows users to be in the game.
Technology allows women to work at home more easily, and thus can be combined with raising a family.
Technology allows writers and publishers to record demos at very reasonable cost.
Technology almost eliminates the distance between two people.
Technology alone brings about unparalleled change every day.
Technology alone promises to redefine, restructure and redirect the very foundation of education.
Technology already allows virtual classrooms, virtual meetings and virtual shopping malls.
Technology already exists to pack products in dry ice and styrofoam.
Technology already has a major impact on our lives.
Technology already offers many ways to make choices, for good or ill.
Technology also affects culture and social cohesion.
Technology also affects the nature of pedagogy.
Technology also affects where a service is offered and by whom.
Technology also allows a small district with limited funds to provide current resources.
Technology also allows for a great deal of individual creativity and diversity.
Technology also allows for a re-evaluation of access options.
Technology also allows for more outpatient surgery, so costs have come down.
Technology also allows simple calculation, collection and distribution of sales taxes to states.
Technology also allows teachers to be more effective in the classroom.
Technology also assists in class discussions.
Technology also boosts the quality of employment.
Technology also brings efficiencies to educational management.
Technology also brings more of our expertise to the general public.
Technology also brings new situations to which Christian ethics still apply.
Technology also can increase time on task by making studying more efficient.
Technology also can play a part in helping students prepare better for class and lab sessions.
Technology also can provide easy access to vast resources.
Technology also challenges assessment .
Technology also closes doors on outdated modes of thinking.
Technology also contributes to work overload.
Technology also creates a safer work environment for our public safety officers.
Technology also creates opportunities that libraries have never had before.
Technology also creates problems never before evident.
Technology also enables our solutions to reduce administrative costs and maximize our productivity.
Technology also enhances learning because it actively engages students in the process.
Technology also enriches education.
Technology also evolves, adapting to the exigencies of human life and culture.
Technology also facilitates fragmentation by opening more options for smaller nations.
Technology also gathers information for quality control and microbilling.
Technology also gives more people access to quality of life services.
Technology also has a huge impact on today's farm economy.
Technology also has a way of biting the hand that built it.
Technology also has an effect on the success of a home based business.
Technology also has an important role in the teaching and learning of geometry.
Technology also has great potential to unite.
Technology also helps learners to implement problem-solving skills.
Technology also helps orchestrate effective response.
Technology also holds great promise in the fight against hearing loss.
Technology also holds the key to protecting the environment and promoting safety.
Technology also includes devices that make physical processes more efficient.
Technology also is a key strategic thrust.
Technology also is a market driver.
Technology also is a priority.
Technology also is available for response-based approaches in the teaching of reading.
Technology also is emphasized in East Baton Rouge.
Technology also is evident in the way faculty teach.
Technology also is integral to the everyday lives of the American people.
Technology also makes groups more effective.
Technology also means mobility.
Technology also moves quickly, that some products see some shorter life cycles.
Technology also offers a tool to maintain connections with their homeland.
Technology also offers another opportunity for success for specific groups of kids.
Technology also offers new ways of diversifying the classroom itself.
Technology also offers options for students with special needs.
Technology also offers upgrade consulting via the telephone.
Technology also places new demands on workforce development.
Technology also plays a critical role in e-marketplace selection, according to experts.
Technology also plays a role.
Technology also plays a very important role in Railroad Tycoon II .
Technology also plays an important role as well as the media.
Technology also plays an important role in the educational process of the art education program.
Technology also plays an integral role in helping students develop different kinds of literacies.
Technology also presents a problem.
Technology also promotes networking because it allows people to express themselves more freely.
Technology also provides an efficient means of storing and of critiquing the portfolio.
Technology also provides opportunities to collect and redeploy knowledge throughout an organization.
Technology also provides opportunities to design and introduce new services.
Technology also provides retrieval of information via the Internet.
Technology also provides tools for investigation, inquiry, and analysis.
Technology also provides tools for investigations, inquiry, and analysis.
Technology also provides tools to improve communications and decision making.
Technology also raises ethics questions when it comes to monitoring one's own employees.
Technology also rules once the logs reach the modern saw mill.
Technology also speeds up modes of transportation and helps peeople work more efficiently.
Technology also supports science.
Technology also suppresses human interaction.
Technology also tops the list for our educational desires.
Technology also weeds out carriers.
Technology also works in the background to improve the operation of the school system.
Technology alternately takes the place of, threatens and recuperates the body.
Technology amplifies the ads' perfection.
Technology Amplifies the Arts.
Technology amplifies the resources teachers can offer their students.
Technology apparently has found an answer, or so three electronic book companies believe.
Technology appeals to a generation that is growing up on television and video games.
Technology appears to exist to lessen emissions.
Technology appears to have many different meanings to many different people.
Technology applies in principle to curriculum, instruction, and assessment.
Technology applies the knowledge provided by science.
Technology are now co-located in a school precinct on the third level.
Technology are the things and methods which humans use to make tasks easier .
Technology are the things and methods which humans use to make tasks easier.
Technology are world-class leaders in textiles, fiber materials technology and fashion.
Technology arises also in non-Western religious environments.
Technology asks the hard questions.
Technology assists our rural students with their distance learning courses.
Technology assists with both the art and the science of teaching and learning.
Technology assumes an important role in actualizing the vision of the mission statement.
Technology automicatically indicates intelligence.
Technology based corporations are a great place to start.
Technology based curriculum needs require extensive wiring and networking.
Technology based education is a reality for the students of Twin Hills.
Technology based incubators are eligible for business incubator grants.
Technology based instruction is as varied as there are faculty and courses.
Technology based materials enable teachers to individualize instruction.
Technology based mathematics course continues to be student centered.
Technology based organizations face enormous challenges in taking technology to commercial markets.
Technology becomes a filter rather than an enhancement.
Technology becomes a goal in itself.
Technology becomes a god.
Technology becomes a school subject, and the ultimate goal is technological literacy for everyone.
Technology becomes a tool, and business acumen becomes the driver.
Technology becomes an essential component of education at all levels.
Technology becomes an essential skillful tool in developing projects and solving problems.
Technology becomes another consideration at every reflective point.
Technology becomes easier to use and only then can faculty adapt to using templates.
Technology becomes liberation.
Technology becomes most powerful when it is connected to a strong curriculum.
Technology becomes obsolete.
Technology becomes police officers' best friend.
Technology becomes the missing link in the series of mutations across the losses in generation.
Technology becomes the pedagogy.
Technology becomes the slave and faith becomes the master.
Technology becomes the tool of instruction.
Technology becomes truth.
Technology becomes unreliable, disease runs rampant and all manner of dark beasts are sighted.
Technology begets poetry.
Technology Begin a process of innovation.
Technology begins with a vision.
Technology being used today lacks institutional aims.
Technology benefits all individuals.
Technology boosts student performance.
Technology borrows biological membrane structure.
Technology breaks down barriers.
Technology breaks down often enough as it is and is easily subject to sabotage.
Technology breeds crime.
Technology breeds industries which breed research.
Technology breeds unlimited customized choices.
Technology briefings at company sites are also available.
Technology brings a lot of good and bad thing just like any other products in our society.
Technology brings a number of question marks.
Technology brings change, confusion, competition and consolidation.
Technology brings change.
Technology brings changes to racing A drag race is easy to explain.
Technology brings cost reductions and greater chances of success.
Technology brings forth myriad shortcuts, as it makes some things impossible.
Technology brings humans convenience through the development of new skills and artificial methods.
Technology brings in a new dimension to teaching.
Technology brings many advantages to the librarian.
Technology brings many benefits, but always with the risk of new hazards.
Technology brings many opportunities for more flexible and responsive ways of working.
Technology brings new products.
Technology brings people together.
Technology brings products.
Technology brings risk.
Technology brings science to the people for the people.
Technology brings the power of the PC to people with disabilities.
Technology brings the whole world to our doorstep and to the doorstep of our hearts.
Technology brings the world closer together.
Technology brings the world to our doorsteps.
Technology brings the world together.
Technology brings to the classroom new and powerful tools for transforming the role of teachers.
Technology broadens on a daily basis.
Technology builds bridges from our island to the rest of the world.
Technology burns history, leaving no material residue.
Technology can accommodate students needs and personal life constraints.
Technology can actually build a better physician-patient relationship.
Technology can add to the information considerably, but a sighting remains the starting point.
Technology can add to the learning experience if used correctly.
Technology can affect how people interact and therefore deserves a role in the classroom.
Technology can afford students increased opportunity to develop mathematical modeling skills.
Technology can aid agricultural development, but only if farmers want to use it.
Technology can aid some districts in luring potential teachers.
Technology can aid students in becoming independent learners.
Technology can allow patients to communicate more efficiently with their healthcare providers.
Technology can allow students to excel in areas never before sought.
Technology can also affect the evolution or the status of property rights.
Technology can also be a catalyst for bringing schools together with their own communities.
Technology can also be a challenge for people in home-based businesses.
Technology can also be a veiled way to downsize staff and dumb down services.
Technology can also be beneficial in cases where lead-time in booking entertainment is very short.
Technology can also be expensive and require large amounts of preparation time.
Technology can also be expensive.
Technology can also destroy fish habitats.
Technology can also eliminate training costs .
Technology can also embed lyrics, links to homepage, and banners.
Technology can also encourage exploration and creativity, when used correctly.
Technology can also give access to a wider world of action .
Technology can also greatly improve teacher preparation and professional development.
Technology can also have no effect on learning at all.
Technology can also help bridge the gap in curriculum integration.
Technology can also lead to the refinement, maybe even to deletion of requirements.
Technology can also make our children's world safer.
Technology can also open up the entire world to students.
Technology can also play an important part.
Technology can also preserve the firm's culture.
Technology can also produce evidence that is relevant and admissible in an adversarial forum.
Technology can also provide powerful tools to screen out minors and compulsive gamblers.
Technology can also refer to the technique applied to a situation.
Technology can also serve as a delivery model for staff development.
Technology can also turn out to be unwieldy or impractical.
Technology can and does overwhelm one.
Technology can assist in discussions.
Technology can assist in fostering meaningful discussion.
Technology can assist the lawyer and mediator in assisting the parties.
Technology can be a barrier to survey research.
Technology can be a dangerous thing.
Technology can be a distraction in schools .
Technology can be a force-multiplier in reducing poverty.
Technology can be a frightening thing in the wrong hands.
Technology can be a great equalizer in the traditional classroom.
Technology can be a great equalizer.
Technology can be a great tool to enhance instruction and learning.
Technology can be a great tool, but it is also often more complicated than appears on the surface.
Technology can be a great way to provide education, but it takes a lot of time and thought.
Technology can be a link between the past, present, and future.
Technology can be a major factor in warfare.
Technology can be a pain when it leads to carpal tunnel syndrome.
Technology can be a powerful ally.
Technology can be a powerful support for professionally relevant work in several important ways.
Technology can be a powerful tool in the classroom to enhance and accelerate student achievement.
Technology can be a powerful tool to approve academic achievement.
Technology can be a powerful tool to enhance the learning experience.
Technology can be a powerful tool to improve our academic achievement, but it is only a tool.
Technology can be a scary place to go.
Technology can be a terrific servant.
Technology can be a thing of beauty.
Technology can be a tool to streamline the way governmentoperates.
Technology can be a tremendous help in that way.
Technology can be a useful tool for motivating employees in order to achieve sustainable growth.
Technology can be a valuable resource for improving teacher education.
Technology can be a valuable tool for deploying new competitive strategies.
Technology can be a valuable tool in restoring serendipity.
Technology can be a vehicle to accelerate and manage needed change.
Technology can be a vital part of the educational process, when used appropriately.
Technology can be a vital tool in all curriculum areas.
Technology can be a way of reaching students with information in a whole new way.
Technology can be a wonderful teaching tool and motivator for students.
Technology can be a wonderful tool to build a great house.
Technology can be about maning things or information.
Technology can be an effective and cheaper way to help people learn.
Technology can be an enabler of inquiry.
Technology can be an enabler to change.
Technology can be an impediment to learning.
Technology can be an important driver towards the tackling of unemployment.
Technology can be another resource among a wide variety of possibilities.
Technology can be as frustrating as it is helpful and requires continual study.
Technology can be as much an instrument of liberation as it is of domination.
Technology can be bad in a way because it makes people lazy.
Technology can be beautiful and functional.
Technology can be both beneficial and harmful.
Technology can be difficult, but people willing to apply themselves can usually master it.
Technology can be either a major catalyst for change or a waste of valuable resources.
Technology can be for peace and for war.
Technology can be frustrating - but try to keep a sense of humor.
Technology can be good and bad.
Technology can be good.
Technology can be helpful in examining trends and predicting sales patterns.
Technology can be incredibly isolating and alienating.
Technology can be of assistance.
Technology can be of great assistance.
Technology can be scary.
Technology can be significant in improving our efforts.
Technology can be so dehumanizing.
Technology can be so volatile.
Technology can be sooooo challenging.
Technology can be such fun.
Technology can be tempting and dazzling.
Technology can be the basic wheel, a light bulb or the clock, which are all now taken for granted.
Technology can be the catalyst for considering wholesale change in schooling.
Technology can be the easy part.
Technology can be the educational bridge to achieving such a goal.
Technology can be the enabler.
Technology can be the friend of the people.
Technology can be the great equalizer in terms of accessibility to information.
Technology can be the key to independence and productivity.
Technology can be transport quickly and cheaply.
Technology can be unreliable.
Technology can be valuable in community building.
Technology can be valuable, and some ways of using it can be more valuable than others.
Technology can be very effective at enhancing the school experience.
Technology can be very seductive.
Technology can be wonderful, but there's no substitute for human interaction.
Technology can be wonderful, sometimes.
Technology can become a barrier or a bridge depending upon how it is used when communicating.
Technology can become an aid to empower students to learn holistically as well as authentically.
Technology can benefit or demean humanity.
Technology can benefit students with disabilities in many ways.
Technology can both kill and protect.
Technology can bridge gaps.
Technology can bring a wonderful future to our children.
Technology can bring art to millions of people.
Technology can bring disasters directly to people's homes.
Technology can bring help, harm .
Technology can bring unity among many people.
Technology can change passive learning to active learning.
Technology can change that.
Technology can change the value of human talents.
Technology can change the way government does business.
Technology can circumvent it.
Technology can contribute to social development, provided it is specifically designed to do so.
Technology can control a person's confidential information and how it is given out.
Technology can convert coal into a cleaner burning gas or liquid.
Technology can create new forms of common space and make it easy to use.
Technology can differ among forwarders, shippers and air cargo carriers.
Technology can do more than create stress in a busy executive's life.
Technology can do much for community.
Technology can do some amazing things.
Technology can do that.
Technology can do the presentation.
Technology can do well and survive in Eastern Washington.
Technology can ease their suffering.
Technology can easily build into any product a vast array of additional functionality.
Technology can either help or hinder relationships.
Technology can eliminate some jobs.
Technology can empower both teachers and students.
Technology can empower teachers' creativity and students' responsibil ity for their own learning.
Technology can enable and encourage students in a number of ways.
Technology can enable faculty to reach more students.
Technology can enable law enforcement to work smarter and more cost-effectively.
Technology can enable our health care providers.
Technology can enable people and organizations to do great things.
Technology can enable the system to better handle the volume and speed of transactions.
Technology can enhance and assist in addressing individual learning styles.
Technology can enhance and detract from privacy.
Technology can enhance and empoewr the person through empoewring their self concept.
Technology can enhance children's learning and unlock their creativity.
Technology can enhance communication with citizens.
Technology can enhance learning.
Technology can enhance public transportation.
Technology can enhance skills that have already been learnt by the soldier.
Technology can enhance the presentation and communication of information in various forms.
Technology can enhance the quality of teaching and learning.
Technology can ensure success in school reform.
Technology can excite and stimulate students, making learning an adventure like never before.
Technology can expand and compress space and time.
Technology can extend our lives, enrich our lives and make our lives easier.
Technology can extend the acoustic experience.
Technology can facilitate student satisfaction in many ways.
Technology can facilitate such long-term mentorships.
Technology can facilitate teacher instruction and enhance student learning.
Technology can facilitate that, but it's no substitute.
Technology can fail.
Technology can favorably affect the profitability of service providers ADSL offerings.
Technology can foster an increase in the quantity and quality of students' thinking and writing .
Technology can foster an increase in the quantity and quality of student's thinking and writing.
Technology can foster an increase in the quantity and quality of students' thinking and writing.
Technology can free up a teacher's administrative workload.
Technology can get in the way of the teaching process.
Technology can get out of hand, but humans use it.
Technology can give our children new opportunities beyond their and our wildest dreams.
Technology can give students the means to perform authentic scientific exploration.
Technology can go a long way to solve the former, law the latter.
Technology can greatly enhance our security and well-being, as well as enrich our experience.
Technology can greatly enhance the safety and capacity of the existing highway and transit systems.
Technology can handle finite things .
Technology can hasten end of haves vs. have-nots.
Technology can have a major, positive impact on the way drug courts do business.
Technology can have a unique aura of being value-free.
Technology can have positive and negative impacts on individuals, society, and the environment.
Technology can help accommodate different learning styles.
Technology can help accomplished that in several ways.
Technology can help achieve equity in the classroom.
Technology can help bridge distance and time zones.
Technology can help bridge the internal and external pillars and enable a community to develop.
Technology can help children whose physical conditions make communication difficult.
Technology can help create a different environment for the delivery of curriculum.
Technology can help cure diseases and it can lead to weapons of mass destruction.
Technology can help ensure that learning opportunities are available when they are needed.
Technology can help government solve complex problems.
Technology can help government streamline everyday activities and even integrate public services.
Technology can help HR professionals to play a more strategic role in their organisations.
Technology can help improve productivity as well as make education available on every desktop.
Technology can help in that endeavor.
Technology can help increase production while maintaining or decreasing costs.
Technology can help individuals sort out such crucial choices.
Technology can help kids with all kinds of disabilities achieve, too.
Technology can help level the playing field.
Technology can help make giving praise more regular because it's so easy to use.
Technology can help make our supply extend further.
Technology can help make the goal a reality.
Technology can help manage the changes in education.
Technology can help organizations attract and keep loyal members, a vital ingredient for success.
Technology can help people with disabilities become independent and productive citizens.
Technology can help people with disabilities even more.
Technology can help redress inequities traditionally suffered by special needs students.
Technology can help small-business owners gain a competitive advantage.
Technology can help solve the problems of the present.
Technology can help special kids, too.
Technology can help streamline the teacher recruiting process.
Technology can help students achieve educational liftoff.
Technology can help students find the answers and it's unquestionably an important tool.
Technology can help students learn mathematics.
Technology can help teachers create greater individualized lesson plans for students.
Technology can help the university manage quality and provide wider access for students.
Technology can help to capture as well as disseminate information and experience.
Technology can help to engage students with course material.
Technology can help to fulfil the various promises the new law has made.
Technology can help to fulfill the various promises the new law has made.
Technology can help to predict, deal with or influence change.
Technology can help tremendously with time management.
Technology can help, but it's just another tool.
Technology can help, too, ironically.
Technology can help.
Technology can hinder progress and eduation sometimes rather than help it along.
Technology can illuminate or it can obscure.
Technology can improve a meeting when the correct mix of tools and message are utilized.
Technology can improve current delivery of education.
Technology can improve customer service and streamline administration.
Technology can improve opportunities for access, communication and persuasion.
Technology can improve teaching by expanding the means of expression.
Technology can improve the company's selection processes as well as increase efficiencies.
Technology can improve the quality of capital.
Technology can improve the system.
Technology can increase global prosperity and expedite economic reforms.
Technology can increase teaching-learning options.
Technology can increase the interactivity of a course.
Technology can indeed act as a prosthetic extension of human powers and communities.
Technology can individualize instruction.
Technology can involve students in opportunities to think about their outdoor experiences.
Technology can isolate and alienate people.
Technology can kill words and wreck language.
Technology can knit together a fractured system.
Technology can literally extend the horizons of Indiana citizens within their communities.
Technology can make existing resources go much further.
Technology can make government more inclusive and, therefore, more responsive.
Technology can make it easier for children to learn about innumerable topics.
Technology can make large-scale collaboration and information sharing possible.
Technology can make learning exciting and relevant and lead students to spend more time on task.
Technology can make life easier for everyone.
Technology can make life easier.
Technology can make or break a student's day at school High tech schools offer an educational edge.
Technology can make our living easier, more comfortable, more exciting, and more profitable.
Technology can make project-based learning more engaging and meaningful.
Technology can make teaching more productive and can help facilitate the entire learning process.
Technology can make that communication more practical.
Technology can make the outdoors a safer and more comfortable place.
Technology can make the problem worse.
Technology can make the unreal seem real and can otherwise confuse consumers.
Technology can masquerade as the supernatural.
Technology can never be a stable or lasting platform.
Technology can never replace our direct-sourcing efforts.
Technology can never replace the value of a live instructor.
Technology can now make anyone or anything disappear.
Technology can nurture artistic expression .
Technology can nurture artistic expression.
Technology can nuture artistic expression.
Technology can offer helpful solutions for concerned family members.
Technology can only be effective if the person using the various tools is skilled.
Technology can only be humane when it is controlled by humane people.
Technology can only bring the human race so far.
Technology can only do so much.
Technology can only facilitate teaching and learning in the future.
Technology can only move forward.
Technology can only provide a probability of security of information.
Technology can only provide whatever information it's been given.
Technology can only resolve moral dilemmas if it renders the central question obsolete.
Technology can only solve the problems it is given.
Technology can only supplement that human experience.
Technology can open a completely new world of learning for a child with special needs.
Technology can overcome space but only at a price.
Technology can play a constructive role in addressing environmental problems.
Technology can play a major role in providing infrastructure for content protection.
Technology can play a role here.
Technology can play a similar role in education.
Technology can play a very important role in shaping units for learning workplace know-how.
Technology can play a vital role in education as well.
Technology can play a vital role in removing the barriers to efficient knowledge flow.
Technology can play a vital role.
Technology can potentially eliminate pollution.
Technology can prevent or reduce the adverse effects of terrorist acts.
Technology can produce information and assist learning.
Technology can prove old ideas wrong and most people like their ideas to be proven wrong.
Technology can provide a competitive advantage in any industry, even low-tech businesses.
Technology can provide a seamless bundling of many services and dramatically speed the process.
Technology can provide a strong catalyst for artistic development.
Technology can provide a unique way to teach concepts of traditional performance practice.
Technology can provide a widespread audience for students' work.
Technology can provide access to information and perhaps even to knowledge.
Technology can provide access to learning materials beyond the school day and school year.
Technology can provide better tools for making decisions.
Technology can provide education a means to widen the gate.
Technology can provide important tools for making the performance of tasks quicker and easier.
Technology can provide individualized instruction, learning, and evaluation.
Technology can provide opportunities to reduce educational inequities.
Technology can provide quick, current, and accurate information.
Technology can provide scaffolding for the search process.
Technology can provide support for and communication with other colleagues.
Technology can provide that piece.
Technology can provide the pubic with court records more efficiently and at a lower cost.
Technology can put students in the driver s seat.
Technology can rally communities and parents as never before, if presented wisely.
Technology can really improve our way of living, but only when it includes everyone.
Technology can really make a difference in student achievement.
Technology can reduce pollution from fossil fuel combustion.
Technology can reduce stress, or it can add to it.
Technology can reduce the amount of fertilizer used.
Technology can remove many of the physical barriers that isolate our children.
Technology can replace many teachers in their present roles.
Technology can save lives.
Technology can save the people but only if they learn how to use it.
Technology can seem to be in conflict with their fundamental ideas, beliefs and values.
Technology can serve a sustainable planet.
Technology can serve any constituency including broad populations.
Technology can serve as a repository for knowledge bases that can be mined.
Technology can serve both, but in different ways.
Technology can serve the liberal arts off campus, too, in our many off-campus programs.
Technology CAN serve to enhance human qualities and support higher levels of human development.
Technology can shrink mileage to transact business.
Technology can simulate real-life environments and promote learning by doing.
Technology can simultaneously treat a mixture of waste types.
Technology can soak up enormous amounts of non-billable time.
Technology can solve any problem.
Technology can solve only part of that problem.
Technology can sometimes cause new problems even as it solves old ones.
Technology can still break.
Technology can support constructivist approaches and make learner-centered instruction a reality.
Technology can support language development in easy and simple ways.
Technology can support real-time meetings in several ways.
Technology can support the development of local knowledge systems and cultural diversity.
Technology can support the kind of student learning advocated by current educational reform.
Technology can support the learning community by providing communication vehicles for all learners.
Technology can sustain life, but it can be a life void of quality and many times dignity .
Technology can take a school in the poorest of communities and . . .
Technology can take different forms, as in calculators, telephones, and tape recorders.
Technology can thus be as important a driving force as population and GDP growth combined.
Technology can trace the message back to the sender, no matter where the computer is located.
Technology can transform teaching and learning.
Technology can transform the learning opportunities of all students.
Technology can transport people to places they have never visited.
Technology can work with standards.
Technology cans have effects.
Technology cans have significant effects.
Technology carries with it an effect on our minds and souls.
Technology certainly has a place in instruction.
Technology certainly is one such medium.
Technology certainly keeps things interesting.
Technology certainly plays a big part in what is happening right now.
Technology certainly plays a key role, especially in distributing knowledge.
Technology challenges educators to explore innovative instructional techniques.
Technology challenges the concept of the natural monopoly, and power delivery is no exception.
Technology changes .
Technology Changes Ahead.
Technology changes all morals and our way of thinking.
Technology changes all that.
Technology changes almost daily it seems.
Technology changes as a student moves to different schools at different grades.
Technology changes at a mind boggling pace.
Technology changes at a rapid pace.
Technology changes at an increasingly rapid pace.
Technology changes at break-neck speed.
Technology changes at breakneck speed.
Technology changes by the minute.
Technology changes constantly, and keeping up to speed costs money.
Technology changes constantly.
Technology changes cultural values.
Technology changes daily.
Technology changes economy, legislation and social relationships.
Technology changes even faster.
Technology changes every day and it is important to stay current.
Technology changes every day, but print is forever.
Technology changes every day, making no clear-cut answers available.
Technology changes every day.
Technology changes every minute.
Technology changes every six weeks.
Technology changes every week.
Technology changes exponentially.
Technology changes fast and our website grows even faster.
Technology changes fast, and a short vision can really cost a lot in a short amount of time.
Technology changes fast.
Technology changes faster than a the speed of light.
Technology changes faster than educational researchers can study it.
Technology changes faster than the speed of light.
Technology changes faster.
Technology changes how information and resources get to schools and other agencies.
Technology changes in ever increasing increments, but with considerably few noticeable differences.
Technology changes in every field.
Technology changes lives daily.
Technology changes lives, societies, etc.
Technology changes much faster than laws.
Technology changes on an hourly basis.
Technology changes our ideas about. . .
Technology changes quickly and specific job skills can become obsolete in a few years.
Technology changes quickly in today's world.
Technology changes quickly, people and institutions change slowly.
Technology changes quickly.
Technology changes rapidly and new tools are expensive.
Technology changes rapidly where people are reluctant to change at all.
Technology changes rapidly, and as the technology changes, so do the skills required to use it.
Technology changes rapidly, and few companies can keep up with the pace of innovation.
Technology changes rapidly, so constant training is needed to maintain required skills.
Technology changes rapidly, therefore the most relevant experience is the most recent.
Technology changes rapidly.
Technology changes so fast it's difficult to stay abreast.
Technology changes so fast one month on the web is one month in real time.
Technology changes so fast that the demand for technical experts in new areas far outstrips supply.
Technology changes so fast.
Technology changes so quickly it is hard for agents to keep up.
Technology changes so quickly with improvements all the time.
Technology changes so quickly.
Technology changes so rapidly that no one can build a blueprint for an ideal system.
Technology changes so rapidly that today's plan is tomorrow's history.
Technology changes the informational resources available to students, teachers, and school systems.
Technology changes the status quo, forcing humanity to adjust to the new conditions.
Technology changes the terms of service.
Technology changes the way colleges do business.
Technology changes the way instructors relate to students.
Technology changes the way law firms practice law.
Technology changes the way people interact and learn.
Technology changes the way people learn, conduct research and communicate.
Technology changes the way work is done, whether it be production, coordination, or management work.
Technology changes things irreversably.
Technology changes things too quickly.
Technology changes too fast to be sitting on a dog.
Technology changes too quick .
Technology changes values.
Technology changes ways of living, values and even reproduction.
Technology changes what mathematics is to be learned and when and how it is learned.
Technology changes what writing is, how it's done, when, where, and why.
Technology changes with demand.
Technology changes with time.
Technology changes, as do instructor's needs and lab requirements.
Technology changing at a very rapid rate it is almost impossible to keep up with it.
Technology choices a .
Technology classrooms .
Technology clearly has something to do with it.
Technology clearly remains the weak link in the business sector.
Technology Clip the cables and dive into wireless marketing.
Technology combines parameters.
Technology combines the hardware and software tools, networks, the Web.
Technology comes about only because of the human, thinking, rational mind.
Technology comes first, then manners.
Technology comes from investing in engineering activities by engineers.
Technology comes from many different times and many different combinations of other technologies.
Technology comes in many shapes and forms.
Technology comes in the form of people who believe in themselves.
Technology comes in, and the product changes.
Technology Comes to the Courtroom, and . .
Technology comes to the rescue.
Technology commands ever greater importance in our institutions and in the workplace.
Technology commands more of our attention everyday.
Technology competes for students' attention.
Technology complicates the process.
Technology components manufacturers in the region are going to enjoy a very strong year.
Technology compounds the problem further.
Technology compresses time and space.
Technology connects people globally in a new and powerful way.
Technology connotes the silicon valleys and silicon alleys.
Technology consists of knowledge, actions, and things.
Technology constantly challenges the laws to make the best sense of it all.
Technology constantly changes.
Technology constantly runs ahead of ethics and law.
Technology continually improves.
Technology continually moves forward, leaving implemented systems behind.
Technology continues advancing at a truly scary rate.
Technology continues to accelerate and make new possibilities a reality.
Technology continues to add many wonderful options for amateur astronomers.
Technology continues to advance at record speed.
Technology continues to advance beyond our comprehension.
Technology continues to advance medical science, which is rapidly becoming an information science.
Technology continues to advance.
Technology continues to artificially increase carrying capacity for the human population.
Technology continues to be a big force in the state's economy.
Technology continues to be a fascination, particularly when it becomes widely available.
Technology continues to be a major focus in our school.
Technology continues to be an area of major focus across the curriculum.
Technology continues to be an integral part of human development.
Technology continues to be emphasized for instruction and scholarly pursuits.
Technology continues to be expanded into more curriculum areas within the district.
Technology continues to be infused into our school.
Technology continues to be the engine of change and is slowly becoming the currency of power.
Technology continues to be the key for improved public service.
Technology continues to build and improve on itself, helping to keep our beaches clean.
Technology continues to change and move forward.
Technology continues to change rapidly and drive our services.
Technology continues to change the competitive landscape and the marketplace.
Technology continues to change the working world at light speed.
Technology continues to change, requiring shifts in our product portfolios.
Technology continues to change.
Technology continues to create new opportunities.
Technology continues to develop at an increasing rate.
Technology continues to develop solutions which contribute to global and personal welfare.
Technology continues to draw the interest of state leaders.
Technology continues to drive change and push boundaries from medical to ethical.
Technology continues to drive new accounting and business processes and services.
Technology continues to drive our growth.
Technology continues to enhance the services provided.
Technology continues to enhance the way professors teach.
Technology continues to evolve and it can be difficult to keep up with the standards and trends.
Technology continues to evolve at a rapid rate.
Technology continues to evolve.
Technology continues to expand the frontiers of cosmology.
Technology continues to have a significant impact on our business.
Technology continues to impact education and is an important tool in the classroom.
Technology continues to impact the diagnosis and treatment of eye disease and disorders.
Technology continues to improve at the village libraries.
Technology continues to improve materials and designs of contact lenses.
Technology continues to improve things.
Technology continues to increase the pace and volume of options in all of our lives.
Technology continues to make it better.
Technology continues to make our lives easier in unexpected ways.
Technology continues to make our lives more comfortable, more productive.
Technology continues to open up new avenues for success.
Technology continues to outpace the law.
Technology continues to play a big part in our daily operations.
Technology continues to play a large role in the job duties of all tellers.
Technology continues to play an important role in government affairs as well as other professions.
Technology continues to play an important role in providing quality services.
Technology continues to play an increasingly vital role in the education of all students.
Technology continues to progress at an extraordinary rate.
Technology continues to propel the business of law.
Technology continues to pursue tools that can improve support to customers through automation.
Technology continues to push education.
Technology continues to put more communications tools in citizens' hands than ever before.
Technology continues to rapidly evolve and change the way everyone conducts business.
Technology continues to rapidly evolve.
Technology continues to revolutionise manufacturing techniques and processes.
Technology continues to revolutionize the business world.
Technology continues to rock the marketing communications profession.
Technology continues to transform information processing and managerial problem solving.
Technology contributes to improvement.
Technology controls our individuality.
Technology controls the way information is exchanged between doctors and patients.
Technology costs money.
Technology counts as goods and services.
Technology coupled with teaching comes at a cost.
Technology courses with educational professionals.
Technology covers nicely the twin sins of diminishing political participation and political debate.
Technology covers the modern election.
Technology -Create a timeline of movie technology, illustrating important discoveries and events.
Technology created with love is without limitation.
Technology creates a gender segregation and women are usually confined to the lower half.
Technology creates a socioeconomic difference among humans.
Technology creates access to knowledge.
Technology creates an environment that allows for mobility and productivity to coexist.
Technology creates better jobs, from auto mechanic to astronaut.
Technology creates choices.
Technology creates efficiencies that bring people together.
Technology creates far more opportunities than it eliminates.
Technology creates gains in productivity that result in higher income for the adopter.
Technology creates gateways to jobs, training and education for people with disabilities.
Technology creates high-paying jobs and it keeps the industry in the United States.
Technology creates many issues, e.g., toxic wastes.
Technology creates more efficient weapons and more effective medical treatments.
Technology creates new forms of liberty and equality, as millions of internet users can testify.
Technology creates new opportunities for educational institutions.
Technology creates new products, which boost productivity and increase utility at ever-lower prices.
Technology creates opportunities by encouraging information sharing.
Technology creates opportunities for students to do meaningful work .
Technology creates opportunities for students to do meaningful work.
Technology creates options.
Technology creates resources.
Technology creates the most efficient search possible and is therefore important.
Technology creates the virtual presence of an online learning environment.
Technology creates thermal environments that challenge materials science.
Technology currently exists to control access to Internet distribution sites.
Technology currently exists to extensively and thoroughly audit on-line casino style games.
Technology currently exists to greatly improve vehicle fuel economy and, therefore, lower emissions.
Technology currently exists to personalize a handgun.
Technology currently exists to transmit streaming video to smart phones at current low bandwidths.
Technology currently provides almost instant access to an increasing store of information.
Technology currently represents one of the largest capital investment areas.
Technology cuts across industries.
Technology deals with the tools and techniques for carrying out plans.
Technology defeats geology.
Technology defeats spam every day, just as spam then evolves and defeats technology every day.
Technology defines the cyberpunk universe.
Technology defines value-added performance.
Technology definitely facilitates learning.
Technology definitely improves the lesson in some fashion.
Technology delivers higher ball speed and exeptional forgiveness.
Technology delivers higher ball speed.
Technology delivers results.
Technology demands electricity.
Technology demands new environments and new applications.
Technology demands that marketing professionals do.
Technology demands updated facilities to accommodate wiring requirements.
Technology Depends on decisions of teams.
Technology depends on the people to make it.
Technology designed for people with disabilities works the same way.
Technology designed to support human communication is called groupware.
Technology designs new world of accidents, and it tries to contain their effects.
Technology detects explosives with mini-explosions .
Technology determines the existence of scale economies.
Technology developed by the sponsor is totally indigenous.
Technology develops in stages.
Technology disclaims any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
Technology discusses their history.
Technology does all the work.
Technology does dampen the personal relationship, but it is also useful for large-scale evangelism.
Technology does do wonderful things, but technology is no substitute for libraries.
Technology does exist that makes pools more enjoyable and easier to upkeep.
Technology does exist to recycle CRTs, but recycling is more expensive than landfill diposal.
Technology does have positive applications for library services for distance learners.
Technology does indeed transform the nature of work, sometimes beyond recognition.
Technology does level the playing field.
Technology does little without smart, adroit people using it cleverly.
Technology does make it a lot easier to do the wrong things faster.
Technology does meet the needs of various learning styles.
Technology does modify our environment.
Technology does offer the opportunity for change.
Technology does sometimes, and it has been known to induce mild cases of phobia.
Technology does tend to make kids aware of audience.
Technology does the messy stuff for the televisual warrior.
Technology does, however, provide valuable tools for life.
Technology dominates our world.
Technology dominates today's world.
Technology dramatically leverages resources.
Technology drives a global, instantaneous economy that thrives on highly skilled professionals.
Technology drives a lot of our world today, and it always has.
Technology drives business.
Technology drives down costs, but at the same time, investing in technology is expensive.
Technology drives faculty to extend traditional modes of delivery.
Technology drives product innovation and is the engine for growth.
Technology drives the area's economy, but the industry leaves many people behind.
Technology drives the productivity of the U.S. textile industry.
Technology drives what it takes, and what it costs, to meet the competition.
Technology Earns a Place in Teaching.
Technology eats time as though it is popcorn.
Technology efficiently run demanding business, Internet and consumer applications.
Technology ehances their cognitive thinking ability and problem solving skills.
Technology eliminates barriers and opens our view.
Technology embraces the means by which people use innovations to satisfy their needs and desires.
Technology empowers people at many levels and in many locations.
Technology empowers their students and fosters the collaboration process.
Technology enables a much broader array of collaboration than has been possible before.
Technology enables and benefits consumers as well.
Technology enables banks to be more efficient and effective.
Technology enables change, but culture drives it.
Technology enables change.
Technology enables creations.
Technology enables data storage devices to run on a network, operating independently from servers.
Technology enables fabric to be printed black with white patterns.
Technology enables flexible adjustment of speed according to customer wish.
Technology enables humans.
Technology enables instant collateral valuation and credit approvals.
Technology enables institutions to offer a broader range of services.
Technology enables it.
Technology enables just about every type of shared service.
Technology enables lawyers to work faster, better, and more profitably.
Technology enables learning to be part of everyday life.
Technology enables man to gain control over everything except technology.
Technology enables measurements.
Technology enables meteorologists to predict changing weather patterns.
Technology enables MTSU faculty to bring the information world into their classrooms.
Technology enables needlepunched carpet to be printed, flocked and embossed.
Technology enables new ways of doing things and makes new things possible.
Technology enables one lawyer to battle a big firm and win.
Technology enables or inspires E-business innovation.
Technology enables pervasive access to businesses.
Technology enables processes.
Technology enables researchers.
Technology enables scientists.
Technology enables students and staff to use time and other resources more productively.
Technology enables students to design, construct, and demonstrate learning.
Technology enables students to explore and discover concepts in mathematics.
Technology enables teachers to enhance and broaden student learning.
Technology enables the mathematics classroom to move from the lecture hall to the discovery arena.
Technology enables the process to move at new economy speed.
Technology enables the special effects team to create scary, believable horror scenes.
Technology enables users.
Technology enables various methods of consumption, but humans themselves choose what to consume.
Technology enables workers to be productive working at home.
Technology encompasses diverse equipment for academic fields and administrative offices.
Technology encompasses many disciplines, known as technologies.
Technology encourages growth.
Technology encourages students to become self-motivated learners, a positive lifelong trait.
Technology encourages students to learn more.
Technology encourages students to work cooperatively which also leads to peer-tutoring.
Technology encourages the exploration of entirely interior universes.
Technology engages children more than any other medium.
Technology enhance good teaching, good teaching being the essential element in the partnership.
Technology enhanced globalization also leads to big questions.
Technology enhancements to facilitate information sharing and retrieval.
Technology enhancements to support distance education and institutional data management.
Technology enhances human potential.
Technology enhances life.
Technology enhances mathematics learning.
Technology enhances our innate abilities.
Technology enhances sampling and methodology techniques.
Technology enhances the ability to provide quality feedback in a timely manner.
Technology enhances the classroom experience.
Technology enhances the educational experience for both teacher and learner.
Technology enhances the learning process outside the classroom as well.
Technology enhances traditional music teaching.
Technology ensure that the best people, products and technology are available to our research teams.
Technology enters into it.
Technology equalizes students to some degree.
Technology especially is well-covered here.
Technology Establish a program to improve school district information technology systems.
Technology even helps the volunteers draft documents.
Technology eventually becomes ubiquitous.
Technology evolves at a breakneck pace.
Technology evolves at cyberspeed.
Technology evolves faster and national security issues change more often.
Technology evolves much more quickly than the typical college syllabus.
Technology evolves, networks grow and change, and local planning sets the course.
Technology examines each message and determines the appropriate office to route it to for action.
Technology Examines the impact of rapid technological change on bioethics.
Technology exerts a profound influence on cultures.
Technology exist today to allow growers to produce cotton in reduced till systems.
Technology exists and is available.
Technology exists for the control of experiments in remote or hostile environments.
Technology exists now for reducing leakage through joints.
Technology exists or can be developed to resolve instrumentation problems in both areas.
Technology exists that allows a mural to be removed from a wall without too much damage.
Technology exists that can caption existing videos.
Technology exists that clearly demonstrates that a fall crop of cucumbers can be grown profitably.
Technology exists that prevents the carts from being removed.
Technology exists to address both problems.
Technology exists to dispose of nuclear waste safely.
Technology exists to make our lives richer and fuller.
Technology exists to produce tsunami inundation maps for emergency preparedness.
Technology exists to protect end users from needlestick injuries.
Technology exists to provide parents control over children's online access.
Technology exists to restrict an individual access to selected materials and internet locations.
Technology exists to safely improve fuel economy and protect our environment.
Technology exists to solve the problem of acid rain, at least for industrial coal use.
Technology exists to track web site usage minutely.
Technology exists today that makes it possible for GaRRS to offer simultaneous reading programs.
Technology exists today to afford secure business over the Web.
Technology expands and accelerates the capacity of the mind to comprehend and create.
Technology expands our capacity to understand and control the natural and human-made environment.
Technology expands our ways of thinking about things, expands our ways of doing things.
Technology Expands Revenue Sources Through Recent Acquisition.
Technology expands the arts.
Technology expands the kinds and amount of information accessible and shorten the access paths.
Technology expands the power of coloring in a number of ways.
Technology expands the power of such symbol pads in a number of ways.
Technology Explain how technological changes have resulted in financial innovations.
Technology extends beyond the building to the watering system on the extensive lawns.
Technology extends capitalism.
Technology extends even to the families of patients as well.
Technology extends our abilities to observe and measure.
Technology extends service.
Technology extends the capabilities of human beings.
Technology extends the classroom by providing a connection to people and ideas all over the world.
Technology extends the library's reach.
Technology extends well beyond one building.
Technology faces a number of problems in the educational setting in particular.
Technology facilitates business, as business incorporates technology.
Technology facilitates electronic data and information exchange and analysis for score users.
Technology facilitates individual and small group research as well as large group instruction.
Technology facilitates noninvasive imaging techniques.
Technology facilitates quick access.
Technology facilitates student questions and decisions regarding real life problem.
Technology facilitates the manipulation, production and communication of information.
Technology facilitates written expression and composition in all curricular aspects.
Technology fails to be good and simple for users.
Technology features as triggers for sensemaking.
Technology feeds on humans, and breeds in the ponds of our desires and needs.
Technology figures in both as a contemporary response to traditional religious ideas.
Technology figures so much in research and in surgery.
Technology Find a tech.
Technology Find out about the capabilities of today's telescopes.
Technology Find out how the technology of infrared remote controls developed.
Technology Find out the latest news in educational technology.
Technology flows in national systems of innovation.
Technology focuses energy according to information.
Technology Focuses on writing for the vocational, technical, and business worlds.
Technology follows patterns.
Technology forces changes in job responsibilities, task content and roles.
Technology forces changes in the roles and functions of school libraries and librarians.
Technology forces workers to communicate more often with more people, more quickly than ever.
Technology forefronts and their likely impact on industry structures and competition.
Technology foretells what the future holds with our weather, day by day.
Technology forges connections and disconnections here.
Technology forms a critical element in company strategy.
Technology forms a scaffold for the above three experiences.
Technology forms an essential part of Finnish economic policy.
Technology forms an integral part of the life of every pupil.
Technology frees and enslaves at the same time.
Technology frees labour for greater leisure and a more productive existence.
Technology frees people from tyranny of place.
Technology frees up time for people.
Technology fuels our business.
Technology fuels the engines that have renewed our nation.
Technology furthers new education strategies and provides a vital link across dangerous borders.
Technology generally follows the Vancouver style of referencing.
Technology generally has a high beta while Utilities have low betas.
Technology generally makes itself cheaper and easier to use over time.
Technology generates enthusiasm.
Technology generates it.
Technology generates some interest and enthusiasm, but it's a tool.
Technology Get out in front of today s hottest careers and interact with tech professionals.
Technology gets better by the day.
Technology gets better day by day.
Technology gets better over time - progress.
Technology gets cheaper every year, and real estate gets more expensive every year.
Technology gets our computers talking to one another.
Technology gets stale, tapes go bad etc.
Technology gives birth to further technology.
Technology gives it an impetus for existence and excitement.
Technology gives people the means, and they seem to be finding ways to use their access.
Technology gives people the power to weave connections all over the world.
Technology gives teachers a renewed sense of becoming life-long learners.
Technology gives technical progress but forsakes other emotions.
Technology gives their people an edge on the future of cleaning.
Technology glitches Web research poses other potential drawbacks besides repeat participation.
Technology glitches, esp.
Technology goes hand in hand with infrastructure.
Technology goes infinite.
Technology goes out of date quickly, but people generate the new ideas.
Technology goes through cycles.
Technology goes too fast nowadays.
Technology greatly affects the people factor in service companies.
Technology greatly enhances classroom inquiries.
Technology greatly expands the range and quality of content available for instruction and learning.
Technology greatly extends delivery of instruction into homes, workplaces and remote locations.
Technology greatly improves access for people with hearing loss.
Technology grows and the more it grows the faster it grows.
Technology grows, and social development shrinks.
Technology guarantees no reuse of dialyzers.
Technology guides repetitive cuts, the kind of work machines do best.
Technology has a 'blind and cruel' set of powers.
Technology has a continuing effect on our presidential races.
Technology has a great deal to do with the changes in agriculture.
Technology has a great input on changing the world.
Technology has a harder time interpreting a question and dealing with shades of meaning.
Technology has a homogenizing effect on society.
Technology has a huge bearing on the comfort level of patients.
Technology has a kind of autonomy about it.
Technology has a lot to answer for, also.
Technology has a major role to play in healthcare.
Technology has a place in modern mathematics.
Technology has a positive impact on agency operations.
Technology has a potential to make the invisible visible.
Technology has a powerful place in the arena of learning.
Technology has a predictably major role to play in cutting, reducing and fixing greenhouse gases.
Technology has a role in our future.
Technology has a significant history of stopgap solutions, with dramatic failures.
Technology has a significant influence on the development of resources.
Technology has a significant place in our approach, but it is just a part of our overall solution.
Technology has a significant place in the manual.
Technology has a significant status attached to it.
Technology has a similar cyclical type of relationship with science.
Technology has a supportive role.
Technology has a way of constantly changing our daily lives, especially in the workplace.
Technology has a way of equalizing and democratizing information.
Technology has a way of taking the marginally interesting and making it mandatory.
Technology has Affordances that make it useful in specific situations.
Technology has all the firepower, but tradition is making a clear, if improbable, comeback.
Technology has an enormous impact on the careers of designers.
Technology has an exaggerated confidence only in what is new.
Technology has an impact on everyone's job.
Technology has an important role in enabling collaboration among crime enforcement agencies.
Technology has an uncanny way of biting back.
Technology has applications in industries outside of the energy field.
Technology has applications in the area of distance learning.
Technology has applications.
Technology has autocatalytic properties.
Technology has both advantages and disadvantages.
Technology has both costs and benefits.
Technology has capabilities for real-time captioning and wireless amplification.
Technology has contracts with the vendors listed below.
Technology has effects.
Technology has enormous potential for improving lives in our state.
Technology has enormous potential to change ordinary people's lives.
Technology has enormous power to advance nonprofit missions.
Technology has enough information that everyone can always learn and no one knows it all.
Technology has fast outpaced governments' ability to maintain control of electronic finance.
Technology has goals.
Technology has great potential to overcome physical barriers.
Technology has great power to enhance education.
Technology has immense impact on the economy.
Technology has imperfections that can cause great damage.
Technology has is part of learning.
Technology has it so that the logistics are easy to manage.
Technology has limitations on what it can accomplish.
Technology has limitations.
Technology has little or no essence.
Technology has made it possible for the blind to function, be more productive, and be independent.
Technology has made new homes more livable, builders say.
Technology has many amazing possibilities in the area of accessibility.
Technology has many uses for voter registration purposes.
Technology has military applications.
Technology has no inherent ethical or moral component.
Technology has no intrinsic effect on health care costs.
Technology has no place without pedagogy.
Technology has no prospect of supplanting the fine- honed instincts developed in business life.
Technology has nothing to do with it.
Technology has opposite effects.
Technology has our workforce in a frenzied pace to stay on top of the latest skills.
Technology has phases.
Technology has potential advantages, and some real disadvantages.
Technology has potential applications.
Technology has potential military applications.
Technology has potential.
Technology has power.
Technology has pros and cons and can sometimes isolate people from what is important.
Technology has proven time and time again, even safe vendors can go away in five years.
Technology has rhyme and reason with nature, and it is beautifull.
Technology has rich potential for enhancing teaching and learning.
Technology has rich potential for teaching and learning, but it takes time and planning.
Technology has rules that control how it works.
Technology has several roles to play.
Technology has several solutions but the best solution is a well trained person.
Technology has so advanced that clothing patterns can be simulated via computer modeling.
Technology has the ability to change history.
Technology has the capability of allowing science to be learned in a more individualized manner.
Technology has the capacity to both empower and disempower.
Technology has the enormous potential to enable students to learn in a variety of ways.
Technology has the nature that it builds upon itself at an accelerating rate.
Technology has the potential to assist people with disabilities to gain and maintain employment.
Technology has the potential to be a primary agent for educational reform.
Technology has the potential to build on whatever skills a student possesses.
Technology has the potential to create such an environment for effective and efficient learning.
Technology has the potential to dramatically impact teaching, research and learning.
Technology has the potential to engage learners and make the classroom more exciting.
Technology has the potential to engage the imagination and challenge the intellect of students.
Technology has the potential to help as well as hinder.
Technology has the potential to make thinking visible.
Technology has the potential to raise the living standard of everyone.
Technology has the potential to revolutionize what math and science can be taught across all grades.
Technology has the power to enhance access.
Technology has the power to equalize learning opportunities.
Technology has the power to make learning fun and get kids excited about school.
Technology has the promise of reducing the labor of knowledge-creation in caving.
Technology has the wonderful ability to make time and place irrelevant.
Technology has three fundamental roles.
Technology has to adapt to the physician's practice methodology.
Technology has to be introduced to develop intermediate and high grade radio therapeutic equipment.
Technology has to be more central to the story.
Technology has to be staff-driven.
Technology has to be the tool, the source.
Technology has to be used for a purpose.
Technology has to be used in the classroom.
Technology has to be used where it's appropriate and where it's helpful.
Technology has to be useful and relevant.
Technology has to catch up.
Technology has to do with reducing things.
Technology has to evolve before that becomes reality.
Technology has to make it-self as invisible as possible.
Technology has to serve that mental state.
Technology has transformational qualities.
Technology has treatments.
Technology has two major components, software and hardware.
Technology has two primary computer lab environments.
Technology has two ramifications.
Technology Have students search the Web to find examples of other underwater photographers' work.
Technology Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Technology Help provide technological direction for the school.
Technology help request - request for help with computing and technology.
Technology helping women hit farther than ever.
Technology helps all businesses, from farms to retailers, become more productive.
Technology helps better risk management through the use of sophisticated risk models.
Technology helps biological fathers.
Technology helps cuts travel expenses.
Technology helps eliminate human error involved in the paper-based handling of credentials.
Technology helps eliminate some of the human error involved in paper-based handling of credentials.
Technology helps emissions.
Technology helps fathers.
Technology helps humans.
Technology helps information break out of once-closed networks.
Technology helps knowledge.
Technology helps make it easy.
Technology helps make learning interesting.
Technology helps make resources widely available.
Technology helps make that information easier to access.
Technology helps people work from their homes and cars and many other locations.
Technology helps physicians.
Technology helps problems.
Technology helps provide the necessary structure to determine accountability.
Technology helps reunite refugees separated in Kosovo exodus.
Technology helps skirt censorship, especially on issues of broad Arab interest.
Technology helps solid-state inorganic chemistry .
Technology helps solid-state inorganic chemistry.
Technology helps students become active, independent, lifelong learners.
Technology helps students focus on physical phenomena and provides a means of communication.
Technology helps students in all disciplines to access information.
Technology helps students keep in touch with their professors by e-mail.
Technology helps teachers and students to view learning and teaching from new avenues.
Technology helps Technological progress is also pushing the agricultural sector onto the fast track.
Technology helps the doctor make their house calls.
Technology helps the lawyer be more efficient.
Technology helps to bridge the digital divide.
Technology helps to change that.
Technology helps to create an appropriate environment for an interdisciplinary model.
Technology helps to level the field and provide access to opportunities.
Technology helps when it complements our senses.
Technology helps with client relations.
Technology helps with the democratisation of information.
Technology helps with the job but doesn t do the job.
Technology helps, too.
Technology heralds a new age for continuing legal education.
Technology heralds a new world of vastly improved efficiency and production.
Technology here is incompatible with any sort of Ego.
Technology hits the road with cars that surf the Net and give directions.
Technology holds great promise and benefits for aiding a young child's development.
Technology holds out the promise of restructuring the environment to man's benefit.
Technology holds potential for addressing the information gap.
Technology holds the future.
Technology holds the key to solving many of our environmental and energy problems.
Technology holds the possibility of both good and evil, life and death.
Technology holds the promise of revolutionizing the distribution of recorded music.
Technology holds the same promise for our schools.
Technology holds tremendous promise for improving the education of all American children.
Technology impacts culture and vice versa.
Technology impacts our lives.
Technology impacts the school budget in many ways.
Technology impacts the way relatives interact.
Technology implies that learning happens very quickly and research happens very easily.
Technology implies use .
Technology implies use.
Technology improves chances.
Technology improves delivery of social services.
Technology improves effectiveness.
Technology improves every day.
Technology improves life.
Technology improves our ability to manage and communicate information to a global audience.
Technology improves outcomes.
Technology improves people's lives - from wireless phones and palm pilots to email and the internet.
Technology improves performance and achieves better production yields.
Technology improves productivity, which in turn improves standards of living.
Technology improves student-teacher communications.
Technology improves the accumulation, management and presentation of data and information.
Technology improves the customer experience.
Technology includes a laptop computer to make learning interesting.
Technology includes all intellectual property and know-how.
Technology includes all the objects from pencil and paper to the latest electronic gadget.
Technology includes audio-visual, video, and computer.
Technology includes computers, local networks, the Internet, television, and video.
Technology includes computers.
Technology includes electronic information.
Technology Includes energy, standards, specifications and codes.
Technology includes fairly ingenious mechanical devices but no electricity or electronics.
Technology includes more than just computers.
Technology includes much more than just computers.
Technology includes powerful computers.
Technology includes the light bulb, medicines, the use of fire, the invention of plastic, etc.
Technology includes the practical application of the principles of math and science.
Technology includes the tools and skills a group of people use to satisfy their needs and wants.
Technology incorporates innovations that make more efficient use of memory bandwidth.
Technology increases absorption of all nutrients, thereby amplifying their health benefits.
Technology increases accessibility to groups and more importantly their discourse.
Technology increases dissemination of information to students and their use of it.
Technology increases focus on intangible assets.
Technology increases options by creating new opportunities and lowering the costs of others.
Technology increases the opportunities for shopping.
Technology increases workplace stress, tipping the scales of work-life balance.
Technology increasingly dominates society and the economy.
Technology inevitably becomes obsolete.
Technology inevitably brings continual change, and change often brings fear.
Technology inexorably marches on.
Technology inexorably prods the U.S. space program forward, in search of new horizons.
Technology influences actions b .
Technology influences how people communicate, interpret and bargain.
Technology influences human life.
Technology influences the quality of life and the ways people act and interact.
Technology influences what mathematics is taught.
Technology influences worker-related stress by structuring the job.
Technology informs all areas of our academic work.
Technology infuses almost every aspect of modern life and, as with energy, has mixed effects.
Technology inhibits previous good practices.
Technology inspires an exciting chaos.
Technology integrated into education is better than traditional education only.
Technology Intensified Writing helps boost performance-based writing.
Technology interacts through information systems and a technical infrastructure.
Technology introduces new ways to evaluate learning other than traditional tests.
Technology invades our personal space needs with intrusive sights and sounds.
Technology invades our personal space with intrusive sights and sounds.
Technology invariably backfires.
Technology Investigate and evaluate products, the resources and techniques.
Technology Investigate how people use selected items of technology at work.
Technology involved in the use and construction of a fishwheel is described.
Technology involves a process the application of science to practical purposes.
Technology involves biostimulation of indigenous or introduced selenium- reducing bacteria.
Technology involves hardware, software and training.
Technology is a bad thing.
Technology is a barrier to entry.
Technology is a barrier to learning only when it is unfamiliar.
Technology is a basic infrastructure of the information society.
Technology is a beautiful thing.
Technology is a big and costly part of the practice of business law.
Technology is a big investment.
Technology is a big part of human's life.
Technology is a big part of some of the displays.
Technology is a big part of the curriculum at the school, and it shows.
Technology is a big part of the present and future.
Technology is a big part of today's education culture.
Technology is a big word, literally and figuratively.
Technology is a biological byproduct of the human race.
Technology is a bit of a mixed blessing.
Technology is a blessing and a curse.
Technology is a blessing to long-distance grandparents.
Technology is a block class.
Technology is a boon.
Technology is a bridge between science, acoustics and music.
Technology is a bridge to the future.
Technology is a case in point.
Technology is a catalyst to engage students in meaningful learning opportunities.
Technology is a centerpiece of our industry.
Technology is a central factor for today's civil and environmental engineers.
Technology is a cold and neutral medium.
Technology is a common part of our lives today.
Technology is a common theme through each of the projects.
Technology is a complex, constantly shifting target for most organizations.
Technology is a complicated business.
Technology is a concept which suggests change.
Technology is a consumable item.
Technology is a consumer's best friend.
Technology is a contributor to increased health care costs.
Technology is a core budget item.
Technology is a core subject and is integrated throughout the curriculum.
Technology is a critical component of business today.
Technology is a critical component of our customer service strategy.
Technology is a critical supply chain enabler.
Technology is a crucial component of math and science in today's schools.
Technology is a crucial tool in enhancing access to information.
Technology is a cruel marketplace.
Technology is a crutch.
Technology is a culture and it is pervasive.
Technology is a curious thing.
Technology is a dangerous thing.
Technology is a disruptive factor.
Technology is a distant second to the content.
Technology is a distraction during the lesson.
Technology is a dominant force in today's society.
Technology is a door leading to innovative solutions to many of society s problems.
Technology is a double edge sword.
Technology is a double-edged sword for people with disabilities.
Technology is a double-edged sword in the criminal justice system.
Technology is a double-edged sword.
Technology is a double-sworded knife.
Technology is a driver of the music products industry, just as it is for every other industry.
Technology is a driving force that is easy to understand with a little help and perseverance.
Technology is a driving force with our curriculum.
Technology is a dual-edged sword.
Technology is a facilitator, a resin, a touchstone, and a connection.
Technology is a fact of life.
Technology is a fact.
Technology is a factor, too.
Technology is a fantastic aid.
Technology is a fantastic tool that can aid student instruction.
Technology is a fast growing market.
Technology is a fast moving field and skilled technical people know that.
Technology is a fast-developing interest area.
Technology is a field for pioneers and for leaders.
Technology is a field that's really growing here.
Technology is a focus of instruction for teachers, students, and parents.
Technology is a force to be reckoned with.
Technology is a form through which ideas manifest.
Technology is a frightening thing, and something that has come to dominate our lives.
Technology is a fun distraction, but it's given so much more importance.
Technology is a function of all other aspects of society, e.g. religion, politics, environment.
Technology is a function of that.
Technology is a fundamental and integral part of the teaching and learning process.
Technology is a fundamental tool in achieving educational quality, efficiency, and distribution .
Technology is a fundamental tool in achieving educational quality, efficiency, and distribution.
Technology is a funny thing.
Technology is a funny word to use to describe the work people are doing in our industry.
Technology is a gateway to the world and to each other.
Technology is a given.
Technology is a global industry and the foundation of our firm.
Technology is a global industry.
Technology is a good example of an issue that divides the anarchist movement.
Technology is a good example.
Technology is a good hook.
Technology is a good means of staying connected with family and friends.
Technology is a good thing, and it's much more important than rules.
Technology is a good thing.
Technology is a great enabler for many companies.
Technology is a great enabler of commerce.
Technology is a great enabler.
Technology is a great equalizer as far as information.
Technology is a great field for women.
Technology is a great tool for students who learn differently.
Technology is a great tool, but it comes with complications.
Technology is a great tool, but it is only a tool.
Technology is a great unrealized hope in education reform.
Technology is a growing force in law schools and in the legal profession.
Technology is a growing force in our world today and one that is quickly entering our schools.
Technology is a growing industry in Western Pennsylvania.
Technology is a growing part of our curriculum.
Technology is a growth enabler.
Technology is a help in running the game in the middle.
Technology is a high priority.
Technology is a huge part of American life.
Technology is a huge part of the world today.
Technology is a human activity.
Technology is a human creation.
Technology is a joke in all schools.
Technology is a key component of the program with electronic library and links to the Internet.
Technology is a key element of the modern business enterprise.
Technology is a key factor in research and development projects.
Technology is a key force that has impacted the changes that are occurring.
Technology is a key ingredient of academic effectiveness.
Technology is a key resource in the program.
Technology is a key tool for solving policy problems.
Technology is a kind of thinking.
Technology is a large part of our school.
Technology is a leader in data standardization and matching software and services.
Technology is a leading manufacturer of quality, home biofeedback units.
Technology is a like a constant hum in our lives and the pitch seems to get higher all the time.
Technology is a little like mercury.
Technology is a little more important here because it's empowering for the kids and the staff.
Technology is a lot like a vacation.
Technology is a lot like that.
Technology is a lot of fun.
Technology is a main part of our everyday life.
Technology is a mainstay of the program.
Technology is a major area of emphasis in the new building.
Technology is a major contributor to the dramatic transformation of distance learning.
Technology is a major draw for online business shoppers.
Technology is a major driver for change in the business world, and in our profession in particular.
Technology is a major driver of wealth creation.
Technology is a major factor in the decision process of many prospective students.
Technology is a major focus by many stakeholders.
Technology is a major focus for our school.
Technology is a major influence.
Technology is a major ingredient in retaining a national leadership role within the world community.
Technology is a major investment.
Technology is a major key to improving service outcomes for vulnerable populations.
Technology is a major new thrust in our proposal.
Technology is a major part of our labor market today.
Technology is a major priority in the district.
Technology is a major prop because it enables global communication.
Technology is a major trigger of social change.
Technology is a means to a goal, and that goal is competitive advantage in a global marketplace.
Technology is a means to allow people to enhance their abilities.
Technology is a means to an end.
Technology is a means to eliminate barriers to service access especially distance.
Technology is a means to engage students in the learning process.
Technology is a means, information and problem solving are the end.
Technology is a medium.
Technology is a metaphor for values and technical dramas are often representative of other kinds.
Technology is a metaphor waiting to unfold.
Technology is a mirror of consciousness.
Technology is a mixed bag.
Technology is a mode of revealing .
Technology is a modern word, dating to the early nineteenth cen tury.
Technology is a moving target.
Technology is a mystery, it's the frontier, the unknown.
Technology is a necessary component of broad systemic educational reform.
Technology is a necessary medium of communication, expression, and competency in a global community.
Technology is a necessary part of our security chain.
Technology is a necessary tool for the work of a modern university.
Technology is a necessity to protect the kids.
Technology is a new expense for universities.
Technology is a non-cyclical sector.
Technology is a nurturing matrix available on demand to satisfy our needs.
Technology is a our biggest ally.
Technology is a part of a larger continuum of change.
Technology is a part of everyday life.
Technology is a part of human life.
Technology is a part of our lives, no denying.
Technology is a part of the natural order of things.
Technology is a part of their lives and they are comfortable with it.
Technology is a particular emphasis.
Technology is a particularly powerful tool in litigation.
Technology is a PC-only application.
Technology is a perfect example . . .
Technology is a permanent ongoing cost that involves more than a one-time purchase of hardware.
Technology is a personal thing, even on a corporate scale.
Technology is a playground.
Technology is a potent equalising and transformative force in bridging the legacy of apartheid.
Technology is a powerful driver of the work force.
Technology is a powerful educational tool.
Technology is a powerful force in increasing productivity.
Technology is a powerful force multiplier, but it is quite indifferent as to how that force is used.
Technology is a powerful instrument.
Technology is a powerful motivator for students.
Technology is a powerful resource, but can it be abused.
Technology is a powerful resource.
Technology is a powerful tool for accomplishing the mission of our schools.
Technology is a powerful tool for professional development.
Technology is a powerful tool in customer service.
Technology is a powerful tool in mathematics.
Technology is a powerful tool in our global business.
Technology is a powerful tool that can enhance student learning and achievement.
Technology is a powerful tool to investigate topics of interest.
Technology is a powerful tool.
Technology is a powerful weapon against fraud.
Technology is a pretty important part of our lives.
Technology is a priority with two fully equipped computer labs and access to the Internet .
Technology is a private charitable foundation whose scope of activity is international.
Technology is a problem, too.
Technology is a process, both technical process and social process.
Technology is a product of intellect.
Technology is a product of knowledge.
Technology is a profession
Technology is a proven method for retaining student interest and providing effective instruction.
Technology is a provider of quality services for home and business clients.
Technology is a pure growth industry.
Technology is a queer thing.
Technology is a reality for everyone.
Technology is a regional commodity.
Technology is a relatively under-examined resource for teachers' professional learning.
Technology is a relevant issue to today s teens.
Technology is a remarkably powerful tool that can transform lives.
Technology is a required competency in the workplace.
Technology is a required program at the sixth and seventh grade levels.
Technology is a resource and a tool.
Technology is a resource that brings the world into our schools, helping to make learning relevant.
Technology is a result of applied science education.
Technology is a school objective.
Technology is a seamless part of their lives.
Technology is a sector that has been roaring back very dramatically.
Technology is a sector that has been volatile and has now gone back into the negative.
Technology is a servant in our eyes.
Technology is a social creation, and economies are social creations.
Technology is a software development company.
Technology is a sort of revealing, who's essence is Enframing.
Technology is a special case.
Technology is a staple of campus life.
Technology is a strength area of the school.
Technology is a strong component of FIGs.
Technology is a strong integrating theme and provides realistic content for learning.
Technology is a superb motivator.
Technology is a teaching strategy in many courses now.
Technology is a techniques of accelerated and planned transformation.
Technology is a temporary tool.
Technology is a theme, telecom is a theme.
Technology is a tool and finding new ways to use technology is very important for an organization.
Technology is a tool and nothing more.
Technology is a tool as any other tool -invented throughout time.
Technology is a tool as well.
Technology is a tool for educating students.
Technology is a tool for learning and being together in our world.
Technology is a tool for learning and for creative work, in support of all disciplines.
Technology is a tool for learning, teaching and information management.
Technology is a tool for the practical application of science.
Technology is a tool like any other tool.
Technology is a tool made by people to meet people's needs.
Technology is a tool no better or worse than the person who uses it.
Technology is a tool that can be used by teachers.
Technology is a tool that can be used to assist users across all disciplines.
Technology is a tool that can enhance education.
Technology is a tool that can enhance the learning of all children.
Technology is a tool that can have a powerful impact on the writing process.
Technology is a tool that enables distance and distributed learning to occur.
Technology is a tool that enhances teaching and learning across the curriculum.
Technology is a tool that needs to be used effectively.
Technology is a tool that provides access to communication and learning.
Technology is a tool that's important to use effectively.
Technology is a tool through which learning can be maximized.
Technology is a tool to be used for an end result.
Technology is a tool to be used purposefully to develop and expand the minds of our students.
Technology is a tool to do more with less.
Technology is a tool to enhance their teaching.
Technology is a tool to make the class better.
Technology is a tool to make things, to create something of lasting value.
Technology is a tool to solve problems.
Technology is a tool used to reach business goals.
Technology is a tool, a great opportunity for teaching and learning.
Technology is a tool, a part of a whole system, to achieve student learning.
Technology is a tool, a very powerful tool.
Technology is a tool, albeit a powerful fun tool but, a tool nonetheless.
Technology is a tool, and like any other tool it can be used well or it can be used poorly.
Technology is a tool, just one of many in the university s toolbox.
Technology is a tool, nothing else.
Technology is a tool, rather than a goal.
Technology is a tool.
Technology is a top draw for men, while women most often seek news on science and health.
Technology is a topic on almost every association's trade show or conference agenda.
Technology is a tremendous tool in the classroom.
Technology is a two-edged sword that cuts both ways.
Technology is a useful tool for teachers and students at all points in a scientific investigation.
Technology is a useful tool in the delivery of instruction, when used in support of sound pedagogy.
Technology is a useful tool in the process.
Technology is a useful tool.
Technology is a valuable and necessary part of the design business.
Technology is a valuable tool in improving the leverage of costs to increase profits.
Technology is a vast territory.
Technology is a very broad term.
Technology is a very important part of education in the future.
Technology is a very important part of the sport.
Technology is a very important part of weather coverage.
Technology is a very important thing in all of our lives.
Technology is a very powerful thing.
Technology is a very powerful tool to use in the classroom.
Technology is a very recent thing.
Technology is a vital aspect to any business, especially in today's world filled with computers.
Technology is a vital component in the instructional arsenal.
Technology is a vital component to an engineer's career.
Technology is a vital key to human progress and development.
Technology is a vital part of the infrastructure of education.
Technology is a vital part of today s learning environments in schools.
Technology is a vital tool in making that happen.
Technology is a vitally important tool in promoting innovative approaches to pro bono service.
Technology is a way of revealing.
Technology is a way to open doors to profitability and cost reduction.
Technology is a welcome member of our household.
Technology is a wonderful site full of creative lesson plan used to enhance any student's learning.
Technology is a wonderful thing - when it works.
Technology is a wonderful thing, but it can be capricious at times.
Technology is a wonderful thing, like indoor plumbing.
Technology is a wonderful thing.
Technology is a wonderful tool by which the playing field in a non-disabled world becomes equal.
Technology is a wonderful tool for communication, and to gather and share ideas.
Technology is a wonderful tool for geometric exploration.
Technology is a wonderful tool for keeping people updated and informed.
Technology is a wonderful tool in today's world.
Technology is a wonderful tool, but it can present unique problems to parents.
Technology is a wonderful tool.
Technology is a wonderfully overused word that means absolutely nothing.
Technology is abandoned without a lot of thought.
Technology is about connectivity.
Technology is about delivery and transmission of thoughts and issues.
Technology is about designing and planning, maintaining and repairing.
Technology is about doing more with less.
Technology is about enabling people to do more.
Technology is about facts and has nothing to do with gender.
Technology is about finding ways to get the job done faster and more efficiently.
Technology is about logic.
Technology is about making connections.
Technology is about making it better, faster, easier, more economical, or more efficient.
Technology is about people.
Technology is about Power .
Technology is about putting the user in control.
Technology is about realising potential, fast.
Technology is about speed and innovation.
Technology is about technology only in the abstract.
Technology is about to enter a boom phase.
Technology is about to get ahead of safety.
Technology is about to make the most profound difference ever seen in automotive safety.
Technology is about to transform teaching in fundamental ways.
Technology is affordable.
Technology is ahead of the public mind.
Technology is all about making our lives easier.
Technology is all about people.
Technology is all about power, the ability to do things.
Technology is all about speed.
Technology is all smoke and mirrors and in the end adds nothing to a student's skill development.
Technology is all that matters.
Technology is all the more important in states like Montana where distances are great.
Technology is almost always a value-neutral proposition.
Technology is almost an icon in some school restructuring plans.
Technology is almost completely mobile.
Technology is almost magical, and ambition for a better life is now universal.
Technology is almost too good for our own good.
Technology is alos used to assist in the administration of the school.
Technology is already available, there is no doubt.
Technology is also a big change.
Technology is also a critical issue in our overall business philosophy.
Technology is also a factor in the increased demand for loans.
Technology is also a hot topic in the policy arena.
Technology is also a major concern.
Technology is also a part of the teachers' daily routine.
Technology is also a problem.
Technology is also a science and the scientific method.
Technology is also a source of diverse target language realia.
Technology is also a strong component of the program.
Technology is also alive in every classroom.
Technology is also an effective way to allow students to work at their own pace.
Technology is also an important element of strategies to identify and address adverse impacts.
Technology is also an integral part of the overall curriculum.
Technology is also available for students to take distance learning courses.
Technology is also available.
Technology is also central to the communication, storage, and retrieval of knowledge.
Technology is also detrimental to the environment.
Technology is also expensive to acquire and to maintain.
Technology is also handheld now in several different forms of backpacking assistants.
Technology is also imperative.
Technology is also important from the environmental point of view.
Technology is also important in North Carolina.
Technology is also important.
Technology is also key to all three courses.
Technology is also more conducive to a child s learning style and obstacles.
Technology is also on their side.
Technology is also responsible for the high damages caused by global warming.
Technology is also simple to handle.
Technology is also sweeping across China.
Technology is also the topic du jour among lawmakers.
Technology is also very useful in the assessment process.
Technology is also what seems likely to define the future of independent productions.
Technology is always a driving force for change.
Technology is always a tool to enhance learning.
Technology is always better than paper.
Technology is always more accurate than paper.
Technology is always really about people.
Technology is always the servant and never aim or cause.
Technology is amazing, but the human spirit is even more amazing.
Technology is amazing.
Technology is America's biggest industry.
Technology is an addicition.
Technology is an additional barrier to e-book acceptance.
Technology is an aid, a tool.
Technology is an altogether different and intimidating beast.
Technology is an amazing and wonderful thing.
Technology is an amazing thing.
Technology is an amoral force - amplifying the natural intent of human actions for good or evil.
Technology is an angel and devil all wrapped up into one.
Technology is an application
Technology is an appropriate and reasonable accommodation.
Technology is an area that is addressed in our building as well.
Technology is an asset.
Technology is an attempt to develop means for the ever more effective realization of end values.
Technology is an authentic experiment .
Technology is an easy place to save money.
Technology is an education buzzword, from kindergarten through post-secondary education.
Technology is an effective tool for an image-based generation.
Technology is an efficient tool to enhance learning.
Technology is an enabler.
Technology is an enabling tool in the provision of student services.
Technology is an enduring cycle.
Technology is an enhancement and another vehicle to artistic expression.
Technology is an equalizer among people, nations, and especially teachers and students.
Technology is an equalizer.
Technology is an essential component of the environment.
Technology is an essential component of the learning environment.
Technology is an essential enabler that allows work to be done in radically different ways.
Technology is an essential part of education.
Technology is an essential part of the course.
Technology is an essential part of the educational process.
Technology is an essential piece of Israel s present and future economic success.
Technology is an essential tool for effective mathematics education.
Technology is an essential tool to winning in the courtroom.
Technology is an ever changing aspect of web design.
Technology is an ever growing force in our increasingly information based world.
Technology is an ever-changing and complicated field.
Technology is an ever-changing thing.
Technology is an evolutionary process.
Technology is an exciting way to access all the content that's out there in the world.
Technology is an exclusive club.
Technology is an explicit program strand in the reformed programs.
Technology is an exponentially growing sector that's a dynamic economic force in Virginia.
Technology is an extremely integral part of our society.
Technology is an imperfect gift.
Technology is an impersonal solitary activity.
Technology is an important and far-reaching component of education and work.
Technology is an important aspect of our current social landscape.
Technology is an important asset to education.
Technology is an important component in the community's education process.
Technology is an important component of a successful meeting today.
Technology is an important component of every part of the curriculum here.
Technology is an important component of most courses, including distance education course offerings.
Technology is an important consideration when school planners evaluate old buildings.
Technology is an important driving factor.
Technology is an important educational tool when used to enhance learning.
Technology is an important factor to many of Lake County's employees.
Technology is an important focus.
Technology is an important ingredient.
Technology is an important learning tool.
Technology is an important part of accomplishing that mission.
Technology is an important part of instruction.
Technology is an important part of our school and the education of our students.
Technology is an important part of our school.
Technology is an important part of our school's daily life.
Technology is an important part of preparing students for real life.
Technology is an important part of the curriculum at all levels.
Technology is an important tool for retrieving and producing information.
Technology is an important tool in customer service.
Technology is an important tool in education today.
Technology is an important tool that can enhance the learning process.
Technology is an important tool to aid in the access of information both on and off campus.
Technology is an important tool to be used to emphasize the material being taught.
Technology is an important vehicle for learning.
Technology is an increasingly important part of our instructional design.
Technology is an increasingly integral part of education today.
Technology is an increasingly pervasive and integral part of modern life.
Technology is an incredible equalizer.
Technology is an incredible tool and also a challenge to mathematics teachers.
Technology is an indispensable part of any sound account of air warfare.
Technology is an indisputable wave of the future.
Technology is an industry motivated by rapid progress, but also by pizzazz and personality.
Technology is an inevitable stage in the evolution of intelligence in the universe.
Technology is an institutional crutch.
Technology is an intangible commodity to which customers have a hard time relating.
Technology is an integal part of life and learning.
Technology is an integral part of contemporary western culture.
Technology is an integral part of daily campus life for students.
Technology is an integral part of each child's education.
Technology is an integral part of education.
Technology is an integral part of every classroom.
Technology is an integral part of instruction.
Technology is an integral part of learning.
Technology is an integral part of many districts' staff development plans.
Technology is an integral part of our curriculum.
Technology is an integral part of our marketing services.
Technology is an integral part of our program in all areas of instruction.
Technology is an integral part of our school curriculum.
Technology is an integral part of teaching and learning mathematics.
Technology is an integral part of the award winning library media center.
Technology is an integral part of the curriculum in our schools.
Technology is an integral part of the curriculum.
Technology is an integral part of the District's instructional program and communications system.
Technology is an integral part of the district's long-range planning.
Technology is an integral part of the learning process.
Technology is an integral part of the library at all grade levels.
Technology is an integral part of the lives of students as well as teachers and administrators.
Technology is an integral part of the reading and math resource program.
Technology is an integral part of the school's curriculum.
Technology is an integral part of the study of chemistry.
Technology is an integral part of today's society.
Technology is an integral tool to learning.
Technology is an interesting thing.
Technology is an invaluable tool in practically every facet of our lives.
Technology is an investment.
Technology is an issue for the industry.
Technology is an issue of academic quality.
Technology is an odd thing.
Technology is an ongoing concern for linked-product companies.
Technology is an uncertain entity for keepers of the old and ancient.
Technology is an unnecessary luxury in most school settings.
Technology is ancillary.
Technology is another area that is becoming an increasingly popular cooperative interest.
Technology is another area that needs to be reviewed.
Technology is another barrier to entry.
Technology is another consideration.
Technology is another core service.
Technology is another driving force behind building modification.
Technology is another driving force for change.
Technology is another dynamist-stasist flash point.
Technology is another good basis for communication.
Technology is another important component of the media center.
Technology is another important device for our teachers.
Technology is another important element in our progress.
Technology is another important tool for active learning.
Technology is another integral part of most integrated mathematics curricula.
Technology is another issue.
Technology is another key in building an environment that prepares our children for the future.
Technology is another killer of jobs.
Technology is another long term factor to consider.
Technology is another major component of business today.
Technology is another multiplier of complexity.
Technology is another tool for solving problems that arise in electronic commerce.
Technology is another tool of death.
Technology is another wildcard.
Technology is another word for the results of theories proven by measurement.
Technology is antisocial.
Technology is anything that is done with technology.
Technology is anything.
Technology is applications.
Technology is applied knowledge systems designed to get things done.
Technology is artificial.
Technology is as American as a surgical strike.
Technology is as much a part of the solution as it is a cause of the problem.
Technology is as much about knowledgeable people as it is about equipment.
Technology is as powerful a tool in education as it is in many other endeavors.
Technology is at an all time high and continues to advance into the realm of the fantastic.
Technology is at an all-time high, increasing at a previously unimaginable rate.
Technology is at hand for the storage of nuclear spent fuels.
Technology is at least as important a driving force as demographic change and economic development.
Technology is at the center of everything and conditions everything else.
Technology is at the cutting edge of cyberpunk visions.
Technology is at the forefront of school reform.
Technology is at the forefront, with three computer rooms and two distance learning education rooms.
Technology is at the heart of our focus on both the revenue and cost sides of the ledger.
Technology is at the heart of the change going on today.
Technology is at the heart of the company's expansion into the residential arena as well.
Technology is at the point of providing adequate real-time translations.
Technology is at the top of the list.
Technology is at world fs top level.
Technology is available and used throughout the building.
Technology is available and used with confidence.
Technology is available for preplanning a house.
Technology is available for pressurizing buildings and pushing the gases back into the soil.
Technology is available in all classrooms.
Technology is available in each classroom.
Technology is available in every classroom.
Technology is available right now.
Technology is available that can respond effectively in many life-threatening situations.
Technology is available that converts native CAD drawing to a non-threatening graphic file.
Technology is available to all students, and is among many other tools used to help students learn.
Technology is available to anyone.
Technology is available to deliver the needed interoperability.
Technology is available to develop either independence and learning or bureaucracy and teaching.
Technology is available to do so much more.
Technology is available to help people with special needs.
Technology is available to nonprofits of all sizes.
Technology is available to secure information resources.
Technology is available, using pagers and the like, much like the clapper.
Technology is awesome.
Technology is background to the story.
Technology Is Bad Most environmental education condemns technology.
Technology is bad.
Technology is balanced with accessibility on premium web sites.
Technology is based on fundamental science.
Technology is based on knowledge, rationality and invention.
Technology is based on knowledge.
Technology is based on politics of economy growth ideology.
Technology is beneficial IF it improves efficiency and cuts costs.
Technology is beneficial to both the student and the teacher.
Technology is better at such things as logic and mathematics, both invented artifices.
Technology is beyond even culture.
Technology is big business, and it's become a major player among policy makers.
Technology is big, no question.
Technology is born, lives, sometimes mutates, and dies within ever shorter intervals.
Technology is both a boon and a nightmare.
Technology is both a manifestation of our creativity and an instrument of it.
Technology is both a means AND an end.
Technology is both a strength and a challenge.
Technology is both a tool and a motivator.
Technology is both an asset and an amenity.
Technology is both an enabler and a driver of business strategy.
Technology is both an end in itself and a means to other ends.
Technology is bought flat out, no research time required.
Technology is bound to make Internet access cheaper and bandwidth broader.
Technology is broadly defines to include human-machine systems.
Technology is but a tool.
Technology is by definition applying science to solve problems in our daily lives.
Technology is by far the most talked about sector.
Technology is by no means always used for the purposes of good.
Technology is central to the success of our program.
Technology is certainly a critical tool in our business to make that happen.
Technology is certainly a factor, and the way movies are made is another.
Technology is certainly behind the change that's under way.
Technology is certainly the wave of the future.
Technology is change.
Technology IS change.
Technology is changed rapidly and many todate programs have been proposed as standard.
Technology is changing faster than they can keep up with it, much less get ahead of it.
Technology is changing so fast, almost anything is possible.
Technology is changing so fast, it is difficult to make the appropriate choices.
Technology is changing so fast, no one can keep up.
Technology is children, parents, and grandparents.
Technology is China's future.
Technology is clearly the most noticeable feature.
Technology is closely related to science and engineering.
Technology is closer to the end user than it was before.
Technology is common place throughout all classrooms and offices.
Technology is communication.
Technology is compelling education to undergo a profound transition.
Technology is completely unwilling to slow down.
Technology is complex and changes rapidly.
Technology is complex and fast-changing.
Technology is complex, demanding and expensive.
Technology is complex.
Technology is composed of many diverse fields of study.
Technology is considered a vehicle of progress.
Technology is considered in terms of service to mankind and the natural world.
Technology is considered to be a part of all the curriculums.
Technology is contested terrain.
Technology is cool and all, but let's be reasonable.
Technology is cool.
Technology is cost effective for social work education programs.
Technology is costly to acquire and to maintain.
Technology is covered mainly as it relates to investing.
Technology is created by technicians.
Technology is critical because it changes the access to information.
Technology is critical to preparing students to live, learn, and work successfully in a digital age.
Technology is critical.
Technology is cross-disciplinary.
Technology is crucial for any business wanting to be a successful player in the next millennium.
Technology is crucial to our future business.
Technology is crucial too.
Technology is cultural.
Technology is culture, baby, and the culture is heart-poundingly in love with technology.
Technology is culture.
Technology is deaf, mute, and unanswering.
Technology is dealt with in many of the case studies.
Technology is definitely one of the reasons.
Technology is definitely prevalent in schools from elementary on up.
Technology is deflationary.
Technology is delivered in the context of other subjects.
Technology is demonstrated for use in testing at various DOD agencies.
Technology is deployed to enhance public services and management.
Technology is derived from scientific knowledge, a base that's growing rapidly.
Technology is designed to expand our universe.
Technology is designed, developed and implemented with the user in mind.
Technology is different, but the actual structure and the melodies are very much the same.
Technology is distinct from resources such as databases and tissue repositories.
Technology is divided into two broad areas.
Technology is dynamic and kiosk applications are still in their infancy.
Technology is easier and cheaper than it has ever been.
Technology is easy to change.
Technology is easy, business and sound marketing practices are a lot harder.
Technology is easy.
Technology is education's vechicle of change for the future.
Technology is embedded as a tool in every model.
Technology is embedded as support for instruction throughout each benchmark.
Technology is embedded throughout the curriculum.
Technology is embraced.
Technology is emphasized daily with computers in every classroom and two functional computer labs.
Technology is emphasized throughout the curriculum.
Technology is emphasized throughout the district and block program.
Technology is emphasized.
Technology is employed both as medium and subject.
Technology is empowering students in a different way.
Technology is empowering.
Technology is enjoyable .
Technology is enormously expensive.
Technology is entrenched in Portland officials' effort to manage the city's urban growth policies.
Technology is environmental.
Technology is equally unpredictable.
Technology is equipment.
Technology is especially important for rural counties, far from major hospitals and universities.
Technology is especially important.
Technology is essential for both if a manufacturing firm is to succeed.
Technology is essential to doing a good job.
Technology is essential to our goal of providing worldwide access to our unique collections.
Technology is essential to superior environmental performance.
Technology is essential to the conduct of elections.
Technology is essentially in hand.
Technology is essentially information.
Technology is essentially knowledge.
Technology is even more important today.
Technology is even more mind-boggling.
Technology is ever-changing and is altering every aspect of our lives.
Technology is ever-changing and moving forward.
Technology is ever-changing.
Technology is everywhere - in private industry, in government and in the home.
Technology is everywhere and is hard to get away from.
Technology is everywhere and technology skills are necessary for success in college and beyond.
Technology is everywhere and the internet is the thing to do.
Technology is everywhere and the Internet is the thing to do.
Technology is everywhere in our lives today.
Technology is everywhere in our society.
Technology is everywhere, from hand held computers to web browsing cell phones.
Technology is everywhere, including in our homes.
Technology is everywhere.
Technology is evident in all or our classrooms.
Technology is evident in each of the classrooms and is integrated across the curriculum.
Technology is Evil.
Technology is evolving rapidly, prices seem to be dropping ever faster.
Technology is examined as a human activity that reflects society's needs and values.
Technology is expensive and much needed.
Technology is expensive and web-based learning is no exception.
Technology is expensive but necessary.
Technology is expensive for everybody, so only big industries can afford it.
Technology is expensive, all of it is trendy, and some of it is good.
Technology is expensive, and the cost is ongoing.
Technology is expensive, and web-based learning is no exception.
Technology is expensive, and Web-based learning is no exception.
Technology is expensive, however.
Technology is expensive.
Technology is explored as an essential learning experience.
Technology is extremely important in the way our buildings and other structures are designed.
Technology is extremely important to students.
Technology is fallible.
Technology is far ahead of our ethics and theology.
Technology is far from being able to replace the human mind.
Technology is far more of a force for price stability than it ever has been.
Technology is fascinating.
Technology is fatal.
Technology is feared from two perspectives.
Technology is fine, but it's no replacement for common sense, seamanship and practical experience.
Technology is flashy, exciting and different.
Technology is focused on beneficial commercial reuse of recovered materials.
Technology is for everyone .
Technology is for nerds, and nerds are like, so out.
Technology is for reaching the world.
Technology is for younger people.
Technology is formed and altered by a host of factors.
Technology is fragile.
Technology is free.
Technology is fun and motivating for many children.
Technology is fun and spiritual, amusing and unifying.
Technology is fun.
Technology is fundamental to art.
Technology is fundamental to manufacturing competitiveness.
Technology is fundamental, but in a couple of different ways.
Technology is generally as readily available in Canada as it is in other countries.
Technology is geographically independent.
Technology is given some credit as it has increased productivity and profit.
Technology is good and bad.
Technology is good or evil depending upon how it is used.
Technology is good where technology is unavoidable.
Technology is good, but learning is even better.
Technology is good.
Technology is Good.
Technology is grand.
Technology is great but there is nothing like picking up a book and feeling it.
Technology is great if used the right way.
Technology is great stuff.
Technology is great until it breaks.
Technology is great when it enhances instruction.
Technology is great when it works right.
Technology is great when it's working - and very distressing when it fails.
Technology is great, but innate talent is far more powerful.
Technology is great, but it's expensive too.
Technology is great, but some things are seriously lacking.
Technology is great, but the added features can also add up in cost.
Technology is great, but the art comes from the person.
Technology is great.
Technology is handled in house by our proprietary technicians.
Technology is hard to come by.
Technology is hard to resist.
Technology is hard work.
Technology is harnessed by capitalist to increase and concentrate their power.
Technology is helpful but can interfere with communication.
Technology is helpful in telephone and computer systems.
Technology is here and it is here to stay.
Technology is here now in full force and continuing to grow.
Technology is here only to complement the business needs.
Technology is here to meet the needs for both our existing and future customers.
Technology is here to stay .
Technology is here to stay and the sooner it is in everyone's hands, the better.
Technology is here to stay because it works.
Technology is here to stay, and it is leaping from one stage to the next at an ever incredible pace.
Technology is here to stay, and it is transforming our classrooms.
Technology is here to stay.
Technology is here with rising expectations rising at a rapid rate.
Technology is here, and it is changing our lives.
Technology is here.
Technology is highly accurate and available through referral to diagnostic centers.
Technology is hot on Long Island.
Technology is how science is put to work.
Technology is human innovation in action.
Technology is Human Made.
Technology is immature, and very dependent on the practicioner.
Technology is imperative for school restructuring.
Technology is implemented in all areas of the curriculum.
Technology is implicit in all.
Technology is important because it brings speed to commerce.
Technology is important in each aspect of film archival and preservation.
Technology is important in our program - with opportunities to use the computers daily.
Technology is important to all campus units.
Technology is important to museums outside of exhibitions.
Technology is important today and it's going to be more important.
Technology is important, and students use calculators and the computer.
Technology is important, but having the human element is also important.
Technology is important, but it's the means to an end.
Technology is important, but only to support the way a company interacts with a customer.
Technology is important, but so are results in safety and profitability.
Technology is important, but wisdom is more important.
Technology is important.
Technology is imported, and any locally-generated software is quickly pirated.
Technology is in a continuous state of change.
Technology is in a continuous state of evolution.
Technology is in a permanent state of being deskilled by developments in the domestic market.
Technology is in a recession because it has come off a period of such extraordinary growth. . . .
Technology is in a recession.
Technology is in a state of constant change.
Technology is in a state of perpetual innovation.
Technology is in a transition.
Technology is in commercialization phase.
Technology is in development state.
Technology is in fact the answer to how people live.
Technology is in high gear.
Technology is in some ways taking away from the personal instruction given to children.
Technology is in the classroom to stay.
Technology is in the driver's seat for information dissemination and sales in the near future.
Technology is in the foreground at the universities, at the expense of artistic experimentation.
Technology is in the midst of advances and breakthroughs unparalleled in the history of science.
Technology is in the minds and documentation that all humans can access, and rescue.
Technology is in the news.
Technology is in the process of changing tradition in real estate.
Technology is in the process of revolutionizing business.
Technology is in the service of making information usable.
Technology is incapable of imaging conventional planets directly.
Technology is included in all aspects of research and composition throughout the year.
Technology is included throughout as a tool to solve problems and investigate solutions.
Technology is incorporated in all areas of the curriculum.
Technology is incorporated in the curriculum as a tool to enhance student learning.
Technology is incorporated into all curricular areas.
Technology is incorporated into classroom activities and the curriculum on a regular basis.
Technology is incorporated into every classroom experience.
Technology is incorporated into learning and teaching.
Technology is incorporated into the curriculum as part of everyday learning activities.
Technology is incorporated into the curriculum through enrichment and remedial activities.
Technology is incorporated into the curriculum.
Technology is incorporated into the experience.
Technology is incorporated into the series to the extent that calculators are used in some lessons.
Technology is incorporated where appropriate.
Technology is increasingly central to mainstream economic debates about several key issues.
Technology is increasingly important to the teaching and learning process at any college.
Technology is increasingly more essential in today's society.
Technology is incredibly current.
Technology is indicated as one focus area to include in master plans.
Technology is inert, impersonal, and neutral.
Technology is inescapable today.
Technology is infrared inspections in the industrial, commercial, residential sectors.
Technology is infused in all subjects.
Technology is infused in the instructional program and enhances learning in the content areas.
Technology is infused into the core curriculum.
Technology is infused throughout all aspects of the curriculum.
Technology is inherently deflationary.
Technology is innovation and advancement in process and design.
Technology is integral to the environment that is emerging.
Technology is integrated across all content areas.
Technology is integrated across the different curriculum subjects.
Technology is integrated as a tool to support the comprehensive school reform design.
Technology is integrated as appropriate.
Technology is integrated in all areas of the curriculum.
Technology is integrated in the consolidated plan.
Technology is integrated into all areas of the curriculum and instruction.
Technology is integrated into all areas of the curriculum.
Technology is integrated into all aspects of the course as appropriate.
Technology is integrated into all aspects of the course, as appropriate.
Technology is integrated into all courses at the school.
Technology is integrated into all curricular areas and continues to grow on a daily basis.
Technology is integrated into all curriculum areas, and special adaptive equipment is available.
Technology is integrated into all curriculum areas.
Technology is integrated into all grades and is delivered in a progressive manner.
Technology is integrated into all of the education courses.
Technology is integrated into all subject areas.
Technology is integrated into all the lessons in some way.
Technology is integrated into classrooms.
Technology is integrated into courses.
Technology is integrated into curriculum areas.
Technology is integrated into daily instruction and activities.
Technology is integrated into daily teaching and learning experiences.
Technology is integrated into every facet of the curriculum.
Technology is integrated into everyday classroom activities.
Technology is integrated into nearly every segment of our day.
Technology is integrated into the basic core areas.
Technology is integrated into the classroom to provide high-quality instruction.
Technology is integrated into the classroom with professional support for teachers.
Technology is integrated into the curriculum at all levels.
Technology is integrated into the curriculum beginning at the kindergarten level.
Technology is integrated into the curriculum from kindergarten through grade six.
Technology is integrated into the curriculum through vocational and academic classes.
Technology is integrated into the curriculum whenever possible.
Technology is integrated into the daily program as a tool to enhance the children's learning.
Technology is integrated into the faculty's imagination and thoughtful classroom instruction.
Technology is integrated into the learning experiences.
Technology is integrated into the program in a variety of ways.
Technology is integrated into the school curriculum.
Technology is integrated into the total school program.
Technology is integrated slowly, but carefully and soundly.
Technology is integrated through core curriculum and enrichment areas.
Technology is integrated through- out the course.
Technology is integrated throughout our school.
Technology is integrated throughout the building as well as in two computer labs.
Technology is integrated throughout the course.
Technology is integrated throughout the curriculum to enhance students' learning.
Technology is integrated throughout the curriculum.
Technology is integrated throughout the programs to support students' learning.
Technology is integrated throughout.
Technology is integrated with subject matter.
Technology is integrated with the total curriculum.
Technology is integrated within the daily instruction.
Technology is integrated within the required liberal arts courses.
Technology is intended to be a tool for learning, rather than an end in itself.
Technology is interesting to discuss.
Technology is interwoven as a tool for teaching thought processes, skills and curriculum.
Technology is interwoven into many learning situations.
Technology is intimately related to science.
Technology is invaluable.
Technology is invented and can be put to use.
Technology is invented and improved by the use of scientific principles.
Technology is invented in order to meet population needs.
Technology is invented in the name of convenience.
Technology is involved in most of our activities, prospects and even our beliefs.
Technology is just a different type of power for mages to deal with.
Technology is just a part of the surrounding, a tool.
Technology is just a prop.
Technology is just a tool to help accomplish our vision .
Technology is just a tool to serve an end.
Technology is just a tool, in the right hands a powerful and effective tool but a tool nevertheless.
Technology is just a tool, the session leaders say, like a pen.
Technology is just a tool.
Technology is just a tool-like a hammer, a screwdriver, or a saw.
Technology is just a way to dress up the new fairy tales that Lucas has chosen to tell.
Technology is just an amplifier.
Technology is just another tool to help in delivering the curriculum.
Technology is just but one important piece in the closet.
Technology is just like any other resource.
Technology is just one aspect of our education system.
Technology is just one aspect of the program.
Technology is just one branch under e-business.
Technology is just one ingredient required to ensure high levels of application availability.
Technology is just one of the components.
Technology is just one of the intranet challenges facing management.
Technology is just one of the tools that good teachers can use to enable learning.
Technology is just one tool that engages learning and facilitates quality student work.
Technology is just one trend.
Technology is just technology.
Technology is just the enabler.
Technology is just the icing on the cake.
Technology is just very exciting, now more than ever.
Technology is key .
Technology is key to be successful in society today, even in the simplest of jobs.
Technology is key to competitiveness.
Technology is key to learners' achievement of world class standards.
Technology is key to offering top services.
Technology is key to survival in the Internet economy.
Technology is king, capital flows are fast-paced, and economies are increasingly integrated.
Technology is king.
Technology is knowledge that people use to manipulate their environment.
Technology is largely irrelevant.
Technology is less important here than innovative business problem solving and customer service.
Technology is liberating.
Technology is like a black hole in space, it's limitless.
Technology is like a drug-addiction for game developers.
Technology is like a genie, capable of both harm and good.
Technology is like a river which has a source in an inland spring of the human imagination.
Technology is like air.
Technology is like business news used to be.
Technology is like magic.
Technology is like tennis.
Technology is like that.
Technology is like words and institutions, the grammar.
Technology is likewise closely related to but clearly differs from the search for empirical truth.
Technology is limited to applications of the output of the machine of science.
Technology is limited.
Technology is localized.
Technology is machinery.
Technology is mainstream in education today.
Technology is male science.
Technology is man's expression of Order.
Technology is masculine wisdom.
Technology is meant to empower mankind.
Technology is meant to enhance our life in a tangible, efficient way.
Technology is meant to serve business needs.
Technology is merely a tool.
Technology is merely an extension and reflection of man.
Technology is merely the enabler.
Technology is micro too now.
Technology is minimal here, and content is everything.
Technology is mischievous.
Technology is mobile, so they drag it to the rocks and jungles.
Technology is morally neutral.
Technology is more accessible in some schools than in others.
Technology is more advanced today than ever before.
Technology is more and more important for most any job.
Technology is more hands-on.
Technology is more important in peoples' lives today than ever before.
Technology is more important than liberal arts.
Technology is more important to state management than it has ever been.
Technology is more important today than ever.
Technology is more of help than a problem.
Technology is more prevalent in the classrooms, but even music classrooms are now wired.
Technology is more than computers and other related hardware.
Technology Is More Than Computers.
Technology is more than devices.
Technology is more than hardware, software and wires.
Technology is more than having access to a computer in a classroom.
Technology is more than just computers.
Technology is more than just new hardware, robotic arms, or computer code.
Technology is more widely available.
Technology is most effective if integrated into the curriculum.
Technology is most effective when it is gradually integrated into the office s existing culture.
Technology is much more developed.
Technology is much more than cables, PCs, and other devices.
Technology is much more visible in Maine's classrooms.
Technology is multifaceted.
Technology is natural for young people.
Technology is necessary but by itself is an insufficient condition for success.
Technology is needed for instance to manage data and to capture, archive, access and update data.
Technology is needed for sound, lighting and video.
Technology is needed for the basic sciences.
Technology is needed to ensure a high quality implementation of state standards.
Technology is needed, but it costs money.
Technology is neither a constraining nor a particularly driving force.
Technology is neither a devil nor an angel.
Technology is neither an end in itself nor an add-on.
Technology is neither good nor bad , nor even neutral .
Technology is neither good nor bad nor neutral.
Technology is neither good nor bad.
Technology is neither good nor evil in and of itself.
Technology is neither good or evil.
Technology is neither inherently good nor inherently evil, it's just powerful.
Technology is neither the appropriate question nor the correct response.
Technology is neutral in itself.
Technology is neutral in the sense that it needs some human medium to express itself.
Technology is neutral.
Technology is never a substitute for conscience.
Technology is never a value-neutral proposition.
Technology is never just hardware nor is it value-free.
Technology is never neutral.
Technology is never passe.
Technology is never, in itself, a curse.
Technology is new to the old.
Technology is new.
Technology is next to useless unless applied within a strategy.
Technology is next week's topic.
Technology is no different.
Technology is no excuse for abandoning the value of one person s vote.
Technology is no help by itself.
Technology is no longer a barrier to ultrarealistic games.
Technology is no longer a barrier, but old ways of thinking are.
Technology is no longer a limiting factor.
Technology is no longer a mere means of, but a precondition for, operative processes.
Technology is no longer a niche activity.
Technology is no longer a separate category.
Technology is no longer a supporting player, but it is actually a driving force behind business.
Technology is no longer an adjunct to work or a personal productivity enhancer.
Technology is no longer an anomaly for missionaries to posess.
Technology is no longer an enabler, but a driver of change.
Technology is no longer an extravagance for the practicing attorney.
Technology is no longer an individual company project, but a project that spans the supply chain.
Technology is no longer an obstacle to making people pay for their water.
Technology is no longer an option in postmodern culture.
Technology is no longer just about automation and cost reduction .
Technology is no longer just about automation and cost reduction.
Technology is no longer just the domain of the elite.
Technology is no longer simply a means to an end.
Technology is no longer the bottleneck.
Technology is no match for market share as a defining force in the software market.
Technology is no more dangerous than it has ever been.
Technology is no more than a tool.
Technology is no panacea.
Technology is no 'silver bullet' for tranforming education.
Technology is no silver bullet to make teaching and learning easier.
Technology is no substitute for a firm command of the language.
Technology is no substitute for being here.
Technology is no substitute for human expertise.
Technology is no substitute for soldierly excellence, which is developed the old-fashioned way.
Technology is no substitute for the creative process.
Technology is no substitute for vigilance.
Technology is non existent and hand-made items are an everyday thing.
Technology is nothing more or less than the extension of human talents and abilities to communicate.
Technology is nothing more than a tool.
Technology is nothing more than an enabler.
Technology is nothing more than creative people using the elements of the creation to do their work.
Technology is nothing new, of course.
Technology is nothing without good people behind it.
Technology is nothing without our people.
Technology is nothing without validity.
Technology is now a class and a grade.
Technology is now a crucial arrow in their quiver.
Technology is now a powerful force in the lives of all residents of the United States.
Technology is now a separate section.
Technology is now able to make portals a reality for large numbers of workers.
Technology is now an integral component in almost all areas of university life.
Technology is now an integral part of our corporate culture.
Technology is now available to enable continual optimization and communication.
Technology is now available.
Technology is now bigger than ever.
Technology is now crucial to the success of any organization.
Technology is now in a post-revolutionary phase and consumer demand is no longer pent up.
Technology is now in control of the future of consumer entertainment.
Technology is now mainstream.
Technology is now on our side.
Technology is now part of our daily lives.
Technology is now the engine that drives the global economy.
Technology is obsessed with standards.
Technology is obviously part of it, too.
Technology is of course the facilitator.
Technology is of great importance to science, to medicine, and to everyday life.
Technology is of great interest to people.
Technology is offered to students at a chronological age equivalent to seventh and eighth grade.
Technology is often a friend of business expansion.
Technology is often a key component.
Technology is often an element of the individuals' plans.
Technology is often available to assist children with special needs.
Technology is often expensive, and is almost always complex.
Technology is often the solution to a problem.
Technology is often times useless and fancy.
Technology is often under-utilized, which is analogous to using a chain saw like a bandsaw.
Technology is often very difficult to market.
Technology is on a speed lane of the highway.
Technology is on hand.
Technology is on line and available for use now.
Technology is on line and being used now.
Technology is on the side of moral goodness and the sublime.
Technology is on the verge of fundamentally reshaping the American education system.
Technology is on their side.
Technology is one area of management that continues to cause many agency owners great frustration.
Technology is one area that has made a tremendous impact on higher education.
Technology is one area where people often lack a common vocabulary and framework for discussion.
Technology is one big way they are working to do just that.
Technology is one critical aspect of improving business processes.
Technology is one field in today's society that needs constant attention.
Technology is one growth spur that is hard to imagine won t be a force for years to come.
Technology is one heck of a lot more than computers or the Internet.
Technology is one important component of our curriculum.
Technology is one key change affecting newspapers.
Technology is one of our biggest problems.
Technology is one of our board goals, to infuse technology.
Technology is one of our most valuable tools.
Technology is one of several important economic development tools in Missouri.
Technology is one of the best tools available for connecting rural Illinois with the world.
Technology is one of the core offerings.
Technology is one of the crucial constituents of life, self and identity.
Technology is one of the District's highest priorities.
Technology is one of the few level-playing fields that exists in our society.
Technology is one of the greatest liberating and equalizing forces in history.
Technology is one of the hallmarks at Southeast.
Technology is one of the key ways of reaching people today.
Technology is one of the keys to helping agents keep their promise of good service.
Technology is one of the keys to unlocking the future for our children.
Technology is one of the main tools available to people with disabilities.
Technology is one of the major democratizing forces for art, especially pop music.
Technology is one of the many tools used to build an education.
Technology is one of the most rapidly changing and complex fields.
Technology is one of the nation's foremost experts in textile engineering and technology.
Technology is one of the primary forces driving that change.
Technology is one of the primary reasons for flat organizations.
Technology is one of the principal means people have of doing so.
Technology is one of the tools some CPAs are using in their management consulting practices.
Technology is one of the tools that assists educators in bringing top quality education to students.
Technology is one of the tools that instructional designers use to enrich learning environments.
Technology is one of the variables.
Technology is one piece.
Technology is one potential way to reconcile training needs with budget constraints.
Technology is one reason.
Technology is one such divide.
Technology is one such space for opportunity.
Technology is one the underpinnings of our society.
Technology is one thing, being there is everything.
Technology is one tool among many others.
Technology is one tool to help make that happen.
Technology is one tool used in all classrooms.
Technology is one wave.
Technology is one way they realize that collaboration.
Technology is one way to improve service to our members.
Technology is one, of course.
Technology is only a means of delivering value.
Technology is only a means to an end- user culture and behavior are much more important.
Technology is only a piece of the puzzle.
Technology is only a small part of what's overwhelmingly a cultural endeavor, experts say.
Technology is only a support in able to make the total solution working.
Technology is only a tool that is ever-changing in the business cycles of the marketplace.
Technology is only a tool.
Technology is only a transportation mode.
Technology is only a useful tool inasmuch as it facilitates human communication and interactivity.
Technology is only an enabler, however.
Technology is only as effective and secure as the people flipping the switches.
Technology is only as good as the business it fits.
Technology is only as good as the game behind it.
Technology is only as good as the humans' ability to use it.
Technology is only as good as the people using it.
Technology is only as good as the people who know how to use it.
Technology is only as good as the people who use it.
Technology is only as good as the user experience.
Technology is only as good as what it was designed to do and how it is implemented.
Technology is only as valuable as the people who know how to use it.
Technology is only as valuable as the use to which it is put.
Technology is only half the battle.
Technology is only half the story.
Technology is only involved in the abstract, the characters have depth, and the plot is simple.
Technology is only one area that sets Eden Systems apart from the pack.
Technology is only one component in the picture of school reform.
Technology is only one component of a multimedia model early literacy.
Technology is only one component.
Technology is only one part of the equation.
Technology is only one piece of the puzzle.
Technology is only one small part of the problem.
Technology is only part of our story.
Technology is only part of the solution and combining it effectively with other techniques is vital.
Technology is only part of the solution to parents concerns.
Technology is only part of the solution.
Technology is only safe if it is flawless.
Technology is only successful when students use it.
Technology is only there to make it happen.
Technology is only to be used for assigned projects and activities related to school.
Technology is only useful if it is used to improve the lives of the citizens of Kansas.
Technology is only useful if it's used.
Technology is only useful if staffs are trained to use it.
Technology is only, however, a means to an end. . . .
Technology is organic, but only some of it.
Technology is our business.
Technology is our circumstance as well as our subject matter.
Technology is our direction.
Technology is our drug, money our sex.
Technology is our friend - our partner.
Technology is our friend.
Technology is our job, but technology makes much of our job obsolete.
Technology is our key to delivering value to both our customers and our shareholders.
Technology is our main focus when preparing our students for the future.
Technology is our medium of delivery.
Technology is our middle name.
Technology is our primary act of sharing.
Technology is our specialty, yet our value extends beyond our systems expertise.
Technology is our strong point.
Technology is our technologically advanced work place.
Technology is our vehicle.
Technology is out there.
Technology is part of a strategy that emphasizes participation in group projects.
Technology is part of all of our learning.
Technology is part of British Columbia's reality.
Technology is part of instruction in every subject area.
Technology is part of it.
Technology is part of nature.
Technology is part of our blood.
Technology is part of our future and . . .
Technology is part of the answer.
Technology is part of the cake itself.
Technology is part of the craft, and part of the world.
Technology is part of the culture today.
Technology is part of the educational process, too.
Technology is part of the solution here.
Technology is part of what is causing the damage to our planet.
Technology is particularly valuable in improving student writing.
Technology is patched in.
Technology is patent pending.
Technology is patented, however, causing some developers problems.
Technology is people using knowledge, tools, and systems to make their lives easier and better.
Technology is perfect for it.
Technology is perhaps the most powerful single force in today's modern global economy.
Technology is perishable.
Technology is pervasive in every industry, and is becoming even more so.
Technology is pervasive in the world of work.
Technology is physical.
Technology is poised to become the greatest threat of all time to individual rights.
Technology is poised to take up the task.
Technology is portrayed as a masculine enterprise.
Technology is portrayed as hierarchical, rigidly structured, and predictable.
Technology is power and, as such, can serve many purposes.
Technology is power which brings great promise for a better life and a better world.
Technology is power.
Technology is powerful and gives great power to individuals.
Technology is powerful stuff.
Technology is predicted to make the most difference in assessment.
Technology is presented as amoral.
Technology is primary to our functioning.
Technology is probably one big part of the answer.
Technology is probably the one area that causes blood pressure to rise more than anything else.
Technology is produced by capitalist companies and governments for their use.
Technology is produced with trash scraps and ingenuity.
Technology is product of scientific research.
Technology is professions.
Technology is progressive because it is rational.
Technology is project-based.
Technology is provided through the contractor at no cost to the school.
Technology is provided to each school psychologist to assist in the management of job duties.
Technology is put to use better on New York.
Technology is quickly out-growing the skills of most service and repair personnel.
Technology is quintessential to the structure of communication and art in an era.
Technology is readily available for student use through out the school.
Technology is readily available to effectively reduce nematode populations below damaging levels.
Technology is ready for testing in human subjects using readily available therapeutic formulations.
Technology is really amazing.
Technology is really incredible today.
Technology is really just an enabler to facilitate an overarching knowledge management strategy.
Technology is recognized as both the wonder and the curse of the modern age.
Technology is regarded as a tool for learning.
Technology is relatively inexpensive.
Technology is relevant to assisting in staff issues.
Technology is relevant to interests and concerns of girls and women.
Technology is replacing technique.
Technology is responsible for it all.
Technology is responsible for the furious pace of change.
Technology is rich in function and broad in scope.
Technology is ripe for exploring new applications and form factors.
Technology is scary, but necessary.
Technology is second nature to today's youth.
Technology is secondary to human resource, policy, and compensation issues.
Technology is secondary.
Technology is seductive.
Technology is seen as a path to riches there, too.
Technology is seen as a supportive and enhancing tools for teaching and learning.
Technology is seen as a tool to enhance learning in all subjects.
Technology is seen as another area where our school's philosophy of risk is readily apparent.
Technology is seen as attractive for many of the best and brightest.
Technology is seen as autonomously following a single, fixed evolutionary track.
Technology is seen as evil and a result of wealth and materialism.
Technology is seen as the application of science.
Technology is seen as the principal key to human existence.
Technology is seen as their biggest advantage, followed by better career opportunities.
Technology is seen as useful for enhanced record keeping capabilities.
Technology is seen everywhere, even at the simplest of jobs now a days.
Technology is seen today as the great enabler of communications.
Technology is sexy right now, and for good reasons, like productivity.
Technology is shared and information is provided to the best of the company's ability.
Technology is shared by all brands.
Technology is significant depending on how it is used.
Technology is simply a means to enable the learning process.
Technology is simply a part of our constant evolution.
Technology is simply a technical method of achieving a solution.
Technology is simply a tool that serves the teaching effort and enhances the learning experience.
Technology is simply a tool.
Technology is simply a way of doing things.
Technology is simply an extension of our own senses.
Technology is simply more relevant than footnotes.
Technology is simply on of many tools which can be utilized to achieve specific purposes and goals.
Technology is simply one more tool in our toolbox of techniques for effective teaching.
Technology is simply one of many tools which can be utilized to achieve specific purposes and goals.
Technology is simply the application of science to achieve industrial or commercial objectives.
Technology is simply the enabler.
Technology is simply the price of doing business.
Technology is simply the tangible application of knowledge.
Technology is so advanced, even the inexpensive compact cars go fast and handle well.
Technology is so awesome nowadays.
Technology is so expensive.
Technology is so fast.
Technology is so hot, everybody and their mother is willing to take equity.
Technology is so much better today that it is worth the investment.
Technology is so ubiquitous and a catalyst of changes.
Technology is something in and of itself.
Technology is something that is constantly evolving.
Technology is something that no one can learn all in one day.
Technology is something that pervades the school.
Technology is splendid.
Technology is static, but our environment is very dynamic.
Technology is still almost half of our investments, and also in retailing.
Technology is still at a crossroads.
Technology is still hard to get up and running.
Technology is still the name of the game.
Technology is still the strongest driving force in the U.S. economy.
Technology is still tough to master.
Technology is still where it's at.
Technology is stressed throughout the school and infused within all subject areas.
Technology is strongly and directly related to education.
Technology is such a big part of our everyday lives.
Technology is such a critical issue in education.
Technology is such an amazing thing.
Technology is such an important part of a student's education.
Technology is such an intricate part of our lives.
Technology is supposed to improve service, at least that is the ideal situation.
Technology is supposed to make our lives smoother.
Technology is sure sweet.
Technology is suspect.
Technology is tamed to the needs of humankind, rather than despoiling the earth.
Technology is teachers offering online resources and courses to students in the district.
Technology is technical.
Technology is technology after all.
Technology is technology.
Technology is technology.
Technology is temperamental.
Technology is temporary.
Technology is terrific - as long as it supports and enhances the connection with the audience.
Technology is terrific.
Technology is that catalyst in the thinking economy.
Technology is that tool.
Technology is the ability to better utilize our surroundings.
Technology is the ability to manipulate the material world through the utilization of tools.
Technology is the agent that can bring about academic success.
Technology is the American Revolution for the future.
Technology is the amount of carbon released by the machines used in our activities.
Technology is the answer for constructivism and problem based learning curriculums.
Technology is the answer.
Technology is the application of conceptual knowledge to produce the means of obtaining values.
Technology is the application of knowledge to develop the tools our society requires to run.
Technology is the application of knowledge to meet human needs and to solve problems.
Technology is the application of research for commercial or industrial goals.
Technology is the application of science through the use of tools.
Technology is the application of science.
Technology is the application of scientific discovery.
Technology is the application of scientific knowledge in the creation of new products and processes.
Technology is the application of scientific knowledge, especially in industry or business.
Technology is the application of scientific principles to problems considered important by humans.
Technology is the applied science of digital tools specifically the Internet phenomenon.
Technology is the big thing and preteens spend a lot of time online.
Technology is the biggest barrier to telework.
Technology is the body of knowledge.
Technology is the business.
Technology is the buzz word for communic ation in today's world.
Technology is the buzzword most often linked to requirements of a new millennium.
Technology is the common denominator.
Technology is the conduit for maintaining good tracking and record keeping.
Technology is the cornerstone of integration of customer information.
Technology is the crowned achievement of such mind power.
Technology is the culprit here.
Technology is the current hot topic in education as well as the world.
Technology is the difference .
Technology is the direct link into the global village.
Technology is the direction in education and business.
Technology is the driver for change in agriculture.
Technology is the driver.
Technology is the driving force behind cost efficiency in the banking industry.
Technology is the driving force behind the new digital economy.
Technology is the driving force behind the newest test of community colleges' agility.
Technology is the driving force for change, for advancement, for success.
Technology is the driving force in the world today.
Technology is the driving force of change.
Technology is the driving force.
Technology is the easiest part.
Technology is the easy part.
Technology is the embodiment of our understanding and control of the physical world.
Technology is the enabler of process and quality improvement.
Technology is the enabler.
Technology is the engine of economic growth and competitiveness.
Technology is the engine of economic growth. .
Technology is the engine of globalization.
Technology is the engine that runs our business.
Technology is the engine that's driving the marketplace economy.
Technology is the enzyme driving business change.
Technology is the equipment and technique is the way that technology is used.
Technology is the exact opposite.
Technology is the expression of human talent.
Technology is the fastest growing attribute in the world.
Technology is the fastest valuation system ever created.
Technology is the fastest-growing U.S. industry, and it dominates world markets.
Technology is the focus.
Technology is the foundation on which innovation is built.
Technology is the foundation, but people are the difference.
Technology is the fuel that is driving our nation's economy.
Technology is the future.
Technology is the gateway to the future.
Technology is the global culture.
Technology is the good part.
Technology is the great door-opener.
Technology is the great equalizer for small businesses.
Technology is the great equalizer, but people are the differentiator.
Technology is the great equalizer, which is especially important in trial practice.
Technology is the great equalizer.
Technology is the great unknown in golf.
Technology is the greatest boost to spreading our faith since the foundation of the world.
Technology is the greatest contributor to the roiling of the waters-for good, and for ill.
Technology is the greatest single driver of change in our industry.
Technology is the heart of any e-business initiative and managing it is integral to success.
Technology is the highest-growth area of our economy.
Technology is the high-growth area that investors want to have exposure to.
Technology is the instrument of our governance.
Technology is the key driver.
Technology is the key foundation of our post-Cold War strategy.
Technology is the key to companies reporting more timely information.
Technology is the key to diversification of the state s economy.
Technology is the key to fair competition between large and small companies.
Technology is the key to our future.
Technology is the key to productivity, and technology remains strong in Israel.
Technology is the key to satisfying the first two levels.
Technology is the key to success when using a microwave in the laboratory.
Technology is the key to the energy future.
Technology is the key to the future for our youngsters.
Technology is the key to today's rapid business pace, and show business is no exception.
Technology is the key.
Technology is the knowledge of making things.
Technology is the largest cause of change in American society.
Technology is the largest single cause of change in today's society.
Technology is the last aspect that was researched.
Technology is the leading business conference on technology solutions for HR executives.
Technology is the least troublesome issue.
Technology is the lifeblood of the cyber-hippie scene.
Technology is the linchpin of the program.
Technology is the linchpin which allows space operations to be achievable and effective.
Technology is the main difference from days gone by.
Technology is the main driver changing the face of outsourcing.
Technology is the mainstay of safety.
Technology is the major force driving changes throughout the financial services industry.
Technology is the manipulation of a system in order to attain a goal.
Technology is the means by which human beings exercise dominion.
Technology is the means to achieve the end, rather than the end itself.
Technology is the means to that end.
Technology is the means.
Technology is the mechanism, the lever, that continues to increase the richness of our environment.
Technology is the method through which man achieves freedom.
Technology is the modern spider that has increasingly built a web around our lives.
Technology is the more disparate attribute.
Technology is the most certain.
Technology is the most important factor.
Technology is the most important force in the world today.
Technology is the most important part.
Technology is the most important product of the United States has today.
Technology is the most pervasive force in our society.
Technology is the most rapidly expanding field in the business world today.
Technology is the motor.
Technology is the name of the game.
Technology is the next chapter in the library's history.
Technology is the next frontier for women.
Technology is the next phase in the overall evolutionary process.
Technology is the next step.
Technology is the now and the future of our society.
Technology is the oldest of all agencies working at generating reality.
Technology is the one classroom resource that has increased over the last ten years.
Technology is the one component of information-based strategies that is likely to change soon.
Technology is the overall reality within which politics occur.
Technology is the partial answer to greater innovation and efficiency in public schools.
Technology is the pathway.
Technology is the perfect answer to teach every type of learner, reaching even the lowest performer.
Technology is the phenomenon that is the world connection.
Technology is the physical infrastructure, or the glue, that holds partnerships together.
Technology is the pipeline of delivery.
Technology is the practical application of knowledge.
Technology is the primary type of generosity.
Technology is the process for designing, building, and using machines.
Technology is the product of many different mega-trends.
Technology is the product of science and engineering.
Technology is the reason.
Technology is the result of investment in creating technology.
Technology is the rule of the future.
Technology is the science of making do with less, of learning to be creative and make things happen.
Technology is the stick that stirs the drink.
Technology is the study of a search for solutions.
Technology is the study of how the power of mankind can be increased.
Technology is the study of the human quest for solutions.
Technology is the study of the human-made world.
Technology is the study of the natural laws which govern the universe.
Technology is the subject of much poetry.
Technology is the system that gives our voice an audience.
Technology is the systematic application of scientific knowledge to solve problems.
Technology is the third major strand of work.
Technology is the ticket in the millennium.
Technology is the tool of life.
Technology is the tool of the people.
Technology is the tool, empowerment is the outcome.
Technology is the ultimate carrot for students.
Technology is the underlying force, which defines our culture.
Technology is the underpinning of every campaign.
Technology is the use of science to bring about change in the world.
Technology is the vehicle by which the projects are completed.
Technology is the wave of the future and a very remarkable idea.
Technology is the wave of the future and is quickly spilling into the present.
Technology is the way to go.
Technology is the widest conceivable array of information-based products used for communication.
Technology is the wild card.
Technology is their medium and given the chance they can be our teachers.
Technology is their professional leverage.
Technology is there to help people be more productive or have more fun.
Technology is there to serve business.
Technology is there tomorrow.
Technology is there.
Technology is thought, action, information, invention - it exists wherever there are human beings.
Technology is thread throughout the students education.
Technology is thus a means to teach, to conduct research, to communicate, and to work.
Technology is to be correctly used for demonstrating improvement in instructional quality and costs.
Technology is to be employed to facilitate analysis and interpretation.
Technology is to serve the basic needs of man and as a medium of expression of the arts.
Technology is transient, but the practice of good science is transcendent.
Technology is transportation, but transportation serving the needs of the psyche.
Technology is treated as an entity separate from social and economic issues.
Technology is truly a liberating force.
Technology is typically the second largest hurdle for the microcinema.
Technology is ubiquitous.
Technology is unavoidable and no more artificial and any other kind of human activity. . . .
Technology is uncertain Customers and competitors are uncertain.
Technology is under constant assault.
Technology is under development and is available for licensing.
Technology is underused in special education.
Technology is underutilized due to apparent under staffing in key technology positions.
Technology is up to par with the ability to sell products on-line.
Technology is used accross the curriculum.
Technology is used across the curriculum to facilitate instruction.
Technology is used an average of once a month.
Technology is used appropriately and effectively.
Technology is used appropriately.
Technology is used as a learning tool whenever possible.
Technology is used as a learning tool.
Technology is used as a tool for course delivery and maintenance.
Technology is used as a tool for learning in all areas of the curriculum.
Technology is used as a tool for learning with all students.
Technology is used as a tool for teaching and learning.
Technology is used as a tool in the learning process.
Technology is used as a tool to deliver instruction.
Technology is used as a tool to enhance learning in every classroom and school setting.
Technology is used as a tool to get a task done.
Technology is used as a tool to help students learn to think mathematically.
Technology is used as a tool to help students visualize the concepts.
Technology is used as a tool to promote active, hands-on learning.
Technology is used as a tool to solve problems, motivate concepts, and explore mathematical ideas.
Technology is used as a transport mechanism for communication.
Technology is used as an assessment tool to measure student progress.
Technology is used as an effective teaching and learning tool.
Technology is used as an information resource.
Technology is used as an integrating task tool.
Technology is used as an integration tool.
Technology is used as appropriate.
Technology is used as the tool to access and assimilate information.
Technology is used at our school to support teaching and learning.
Technology is used by all staff members and students.
Technology is used by many companies and persons around the world.
Technology is used by workers.
Technology is used effectively and significantly for appropriate learning experiences.
Technology is used efficiently and effectively to improve education.
Technology is used extensively in a variety of courses to turn students into engaged learners.
Technology is used extensively, but transparently.
Technology is used for limited interaction between instructors and learners.
Technology is used in assessing student learning using multiple methods.
Technology is used in authentic ways and covers a wide variety of areas and technology skills.
Technology is used in conjunction with theory to approximate and analyze solutions.
Technology is used in every facet of the curriculum.
Technology is used in everyday life.
Technology is used in many creative ways to meet student needs.
Technology is used in medical clinical practice with great expertise.
Technology is used in service of an old education paradigm.
Technology is used in the classroom, and students are required to use it in their work.
Technology is used in the course.
Technology is used in various educational settings as an integral part of the curriculum.
Technology is used in virtually all aspects of student life on campus.
Technology is used more broadly than science and more generally than engineering .
Technology is used more in espionage.
Technology is used only if it really improves upon the existing educational practice.
Technology is used optimally for communication, where appropriate.
Technology is used purposefully to support the objectives of the course.
Technology is used through comprehension programs, phonics programs and shared literature programs.
Technology is used throughout the curriculum.
Technology is used throughout the process from planning to publication.
Technology is used throughtout the curriculum.
Technology is used to accelerate the knowledge transfer process.
Technology is used to achieve continuous improvement.
Technology is used to adapt instruction to unique needs of each student.
Technology is used to address diverse student needs and learning styles.
Technology is used to advance productivity and enhance learning.
Technology is used to augment instruction and promote achievement.
Technology is used to complement and optimize student learning.
Technology is used to connect similar services at every campus.
Technology is used to eliminate steps and errors.
Technology is used to enhance student learning.
Technology is used to explore convergence or divergence of various examples.
Technology is used to extend and enhance classroom instruction.
Technology is used to extend and enrich learning.
Technology is used to facilitate learning by instructing through multiple modalities.
Technology is used to facilitate student learning and teacher instruction.
Technology is used to facilitate the learning process.
Technology is used to gather, organize, and analyze information.
Technology is used to give access to world-class sites.
Technology is used to help minimize the algebra necessary.
Technology is used to implement innovations.
Technology is used to improve problem-solving skills in chemistry.
Technology is used to increase communication throughout the learning community.
Technology is used to integrate and enhance the curriculum while preparing students for the future.
Technology is used to make better technology, so it keeps changing.
Technology is used to meet the needs and ability levels of our students.
Technology is used to produce anddistribute one person s brilliant insight.
Technology is used to promote student collaboration through telecommunications.
Technology is used to raise student and teacher productivity and to expand access to learning.
Technology is used to serve and enhance the rest of the curriculum.
Technology is used to stimulate discussion and for graphic illustration.
Technology is used to supplement and enrich the classroom curriculum.
Technology is used to support and enhance core curriculum areas at all grade levels.
Technology is used to support curriculum and expand instructional strategies in all grade levels.
Technology is used to support instruction and improve student learning.
Technology is used to support partnerships between schools and communities.
Technology is used to support student learning.
Technology is used to support the total educational program.
Technology is used to teach the agreed upon unit and both teachers work together on the delivery.
Technology is used weekly.
Technology is used whenever appropriate to enhance instruction.
Technology is useful as students construct meaning.
Technology is useful in life yet confusing.
Technology is useless unless it serves a purpose, and communication defines the purpose.
Technology is useless without it.
Technology is useless without making a task easier, more productive, or more efficient.
Technology is useless without people who know how to use it and maintain it.
Technology is useless without the right attitude.
Technology is usually cheaper than people.
Technology is usually complicated because life is complicated.
Technology is usually more benign than a killer microbe.
Technology is utilized as a tool for learning, communication , and production of outcomes.
Technology is utilized as a tool to enhance learning and ownership.
Technology is utilized as both a learning tool and a communication system.
Technology is utilized as needed to assist students in meeting educational demands.
Technology is utilized in the classroom on a daily basis.
Technology is utilized through timed writings and typed essays.
Technology is utilized to enhance instruction.
Technology is utilized to full advantage.
Technology is utilized to improve the effectiveness of library services.
Technology is utilized via video presentations and accessing strategies via the Internet.
Technology is utilized when assessing student performance.
Technology is value laden.
Technology is valued and is used as a tool for multi-tasking.
Technology is valued within our culture.
Technology is value-neutral.
Technology is versatile.
Technology is very advanced and many new cultural trends begin there .
Technology is very advanced and many new cultural trends begin there.
Technology is very advanced in our schools and on our farms.
Technology is very bad.
Technology is very dynamic and very far reaching.
Technology is very evident within the classroom and is a very high interest within our class.
Technology is very expensive and it is ever changing.
Technology is very expensive.
Technology is very good at patiently repeating practice as often as needed.
Technology is very good.
Technology is very helpful in allowing human resources to make a more direct bottom-line impact.
Technology is very important at our school.
Technology is very important for children to learn today, our world is run by technology.
Technology is very important, of course.
Technology is very important.
Technology is very much a part of education today, so it has a place on our campus as well.
Technology is very much a part of modern life.
Technology is very perplexing.
Technology is viewed as a business management tool.
Technology is viewed as a critical linkage between colleges and universities and the public schools.
Technology is viewed as a friend of the agricultural community.
Technology is viewed as a key component in improving government business processes.
Technology is viewed as a means that contributes to the accomplishment of the college's mission.
Technology is viewed as a tool for enriching educational experiences.
Technology is viewed by staff and students as an essential tool for learning.
Technology is vital across our wide-ranging mission.
Technology is vital in today's highly competitive market.
Technology is vital, but it is merely a tool.
Technology is Western Civilization.
Technology is what a computer class is all about.
Technology is what actually kills technology companies.
Technology is what creates the productivity that allows incomes to rise.
Technology is what creates wealth.
Technology is what defines being human.
Technology is what is making the world a smaller place.
Technology is what it purports to be, no more no less.
Technology is where science impacts on daily life.
Technology is widely available at very affordable prices.
Technology is widely available.
Technology is widely in use for instruction and management purposes.
Technology is wonderful - at times.
Technology is wonderful and revolutionizing many aspects of our society.
Technology is wonderful once it is mastered.
Technology is wonderful, but it does take some work to change from the old way of doing things.
Technology is wonderful, but it has to be perceived as wonderful.
Technology is wonderful, but it's expensive.
Technology is wonderful, especially when it works.
Technology is wonderful.
Technology is wondrous.
Technology is worthless until someone figures out how to use it innovatively.
Technology is woven throughout all the disciplines.
Technology is yet another way to increase the effectiveness and employment of our assets.
Technology is, after all, fertile ground for vocabulary.
Technology is, after all, only a method for achieving a practical purpose.
Technology is, after all, only a very fine tool.
Technology is, after all, part of the school curriculum plan required of the principal.
Technology is, among other things, the means by which a people interact with their environment.
Technology is, and always has been, a two-edged sword.
Technology is, at a minimum, a tool for faculty and students to use along the path of instruction.
Technology is, by any account, a pressing business problem.
Technology is, however, a two edged sword.
Technology is, like global politics, a numbers game.
Technology is, of course, a kind of commodity whose value varies with economic expansion.
Technology is, of course, important.
Technology is, of course, no panacea to all of the problems in teacher education.
Technology isa application.
Technology isa job.
Technology isa occupation.
Technology just creates a different kind of intimacy.
Technology just happens to be the tool the best teachers are using.
Technology just keeps advancing and makes things better.
Technology just keeps going on and on and more and more, and it's like there's no ending.
Technology just keeps on going.
Technology just makes it easier, closer and more accessible than ever before.
Technology just promises to enable that connection.
Technology Keep up with technological developments.
Technology Keep up with the wired world.
Technology keeps changing, making the impossible suddenly possible.
Technology keeps changing.
Technology keeps evolving and the way information is delivered to students is changing.
Technology keeps getting further and further from the poor.
Technology keeps improving, so every engine from our assembly procedure benefits from that updating.
Technology keeps making resources more and more abundant.
Technology keeps marching on.
Technology keeps moving on.
Technology kills the job.
Technology knows no boundaries.
Technology knows no gender bias.
Technology Knows the characteristics and uses of computer hardware and operating systems.
Technology lag around the world is very little, thanks to technology.
Technology leads to a centralisation of resources.
Technology leads to breakthroughs.
Technology leads to development.
Technology leads to inventions.
Technology leads to new products and services that improve our everyday lives.
Technology leads to new world records in speed skating.
Technology leads to powe r, domination, control.
Technology leads to science more often than science leads to tech- nology.
Technology Learn about careers in programming, communications, and more.
Technology Learn about the organisational culture that supports our work and shapes our vision.
Technology Learn the graphic language used by architects and engineers.
Technology leaves itself in pieces on scrap heaps, unremembered, abandoned for the new.
Technology leaves some behing The technology illiterate are excluded.
Technology lends itself to exploration.
Technology licenses polyester intermediates and related chemicals.
Technology likely remains on the shelf for farmers everywhere.
Technology lines the hall and spreads out beyond the limits of the eyes.
Technology links Our academic vision for instructional use of the web .
Technology links the classroom to the outside world.
Technology links the world.
Technology literally pervades the human self and dominates the world.
Technology lives easily with, and even in, the meditative quality of a world on the move.
Technology looks like it is shifting from PC centric to more specialized devices.
Technology looms large in the venture world.
Technology loves connection, so they sync it with the ancient wheel of the heavens.
Technology makes a difference in children's lives.
Technology makes a difference.
Technology makes a great slave but a terrible master.
Technology makes a huge difference.
Technology makes a lot of stuff easy, but it creates a lot more stuff to do in an easy way.
Technology makes auditing interesting.
Technology makes choice inevitable.
Technology makes day to day life easier, but it can create problems in the scheme of things.
Technology makes discovery possible.
Technology makes driving safer.
Technology makes ever more efficient use of spectrum.
Technology makes everything more efficient and therefore cheaper to the consumer.
Technology makes globalisation feasible.
Technology makes hard work easier.
Technology makes history much more tangible.
Technology makes information readily available using a few keystrokes.
Technology makes instruction more valid by way of testing and constant modification.
Technology makes it all easier.
Technology makes it easier for both editors and freelancers to communicate with each other.
Technology makes it easier than ever to communicate, collect and track data, and interact globally.
Technology makes it easier though.
Technology makes it easier to take away customer s money.
Technology makes it easier.
Technology makes it easy and cheap to collect, store and transfer information.
Technology makes it happen.
Technology Makes It Happen.
Technology Makes It Possible . . .
Technology makes it possible for a class to interact in new ways.
Technology makes it possible for cell phones and beepers to both receive and store messages.
Technology makes it possible for each library to be a door to the worldwide virtual library.
Technology makes it possible for investors to have more control over their assets.
Technology makes it possible for more organizations to exploit new opportunities.
Technology makes it possible for people to gain control over everything, except over technology.
Technology makes it possible for people to gain control over everything, except technology.
Technology makes it possible for students to learn in new and exciting ways.
Technology makes it possible in a practical, efficient way.
Technology makes it possible to collaborate with the design team members classrooms.
Technology makes it possible to communicate across time zones, geographical boundaries and cultures.
Technology makes it possible to complete an accredited distance education degree.
Technology makes it possible to deliver educational experiences to the home and workplace.
Technology makes it possible to simulate real life situations for the purpose of entertainment.
Technology makes it possible, but process and people make it real.
Technology makes it possible.
Technology makes it seamless.
Technology makes it simple.
Technology makes it very easy, and it's cheaper and much quicker than sending a letter.
Technology makes learning multi-modal.
Technology makes life more comfortable, but also makes people more dependent.
Technology makes life simpler.
Technology makes many things possible.
Technology makes more technological advances possible and the cycle continues.
Technology makes more technology possible.
Technology makes new forms of information possible.
Technology makes no image sacred.
Technology makes our collaboration possible.
Technology makes our lives easier and better.
Technology makes our lives even easier.
Technology makes our lives simpler.
Technology makes people into machine parts.
Technology makes possible alternative delivery of information, knowledge, and understanding.
Technology makes production inexpensive and accessible.
Technology makes providing the service easier and cheaper.
Technology makes remote operation of lifesaving respiratory equipment possible.
Technology makes remote working a reality.
Technology makes social studies come alive.
Technology makes some people's lives easier.
Technology makes some things easier, and others harder.
Technology makes telecommuting easier than ever before.
Technology makes that culture possible.
Technology makes that happen.
Technology makes that possible.
Technology makes the difference.
Technology makes the digital economy possible.
Technology makes the oil and gas visible.
Technology makes the past obsolete, destroying old franchises and creating new value.
Technology makes the price of conveying information derisory.
Technology makes the program possible.
Technology makes the world smaller, helping the growing business become more powerful.
Technology makes their lives easier and more complicated.
Technology makes things bigger.
Technology Makes things easier, helps people to interact.
Technology makes things possible.
Technology makes tragedy A simple plan with deadly results Modern airliners are pressurised.
Technology makes yet another pointless leap forward.
Technology manifests itself in the most obvious way, computers.
Technology manipulates system relations in order to attain goals.
Technology marches on .
Technology marches on and our lives become easier, more convenient.
Technology marches on at a relentless, blindingly fast pace.
Technology marches on but brings with it a whole new set of problems.
Technology marches on The house is pretty much back to normal now.
Technology marches on, making pioneering efforts seem crude and faintly amusing.
Technology marches on.
Technology matters as well.
Technology matters even in the virtual world.
Technology means a safe, and tasteful, food supply.
Technology means any compound, drug, device, diagnostic, analytic, medical or surgical procedure.
Technology means change.
Technology means cutting edge.
Technology means efficiency and increased productivity.
Technology means facility with various kinds of technology for learning.
Technology means health, nutrition, education and employment.
Technology means jobs to some and job hunting to others.
Technology means more to public relations than websites and email.
Technology means processes, systems and organisation as well as hardware, software and bandwidth.
Technology means that being in the office is optional for certain workers.
Technology measures cancer gene expression.
Technology mediated instruction tends to be much more costly to develop than to deliver.
Technology mediates our communication.
Technology meets ancient Rome with a click of the mouse button at an E-mail cafe.
Technology meets ideology, mythology and theology'.
Technology meets magical thinking and enhances it by making it real.
Technology meets politics.
Technology Meets the Arts.
Technology meets the increased energy demands of future vehicles.
Technology meets the needs of students with varying learning styles.
Technology merely enables change.
Technology merely enables the delivery of quality of life services to people.
Technology merely highlights and underlines the text it is given.
Technology merely provides the tools to be used for authentic learning.
Technology merits a prominent place in the curriculum of every Catholic school.
Technology moves a lot faster than social values.
Technology moves ahead.
Technology moves as waves towards the shore.
Technology moves at a dizzying pace.
Technology moves at a rate prohibitive to many artists.
Technology moves at the speed of light.
Technology moves fast, and so does the vocabulary in the printing industry.
Technology moves fast.
Technology moves forward at a rapid pace.
Technology moves forward.
Technology moves information along now, and it does it arguably better and definitively cheaper.
Technology moves into the classroom.
Technology moves much faster than the legal process.
Technology moves on at such a rate that products quickly lose their appeal.
Technology moves on, quicker and quicker.
Technology moves quickly and reviewer's comments and expectations date quickly.
Technology moves so fast.
Technology moves so much faster than evolution that it is essentially irrelevant.
Technology moves so quickly.
Technology moves so rapidly and most of the people are very young.
Technology moves too fast, and justice is ground out too slowly.
Technology moves too fast.
Technology moves towards simplicity.
Technology moves very fast when things work.
Technology moves very fast.
Technology moves with terrifying speed.
Technology needs a secretary full time.
Technology needs a soul, a heartbeat.
Technology needs and skills required for students varies greatly.
Technology needs change continuously in the highly dynamic information technology industry.
Technology needs constant attention and a range of professional talents in order to thrive.
Technology needs growth and and it needs market share to command premium multiples.
Technology needs hardware and software selection.
Technology needs the human touch.
Technology needs to be adequately funded.
Technology needs to be appropriate to the context into which it is transferred.
Technology needs to be continuously maintained, supported, upgraded, etc.
Technology needs to be developed that automatically digitizes paths of several fish simultaneously.
Technology needs to be in the classroom and accessible to the child.
Technology needs to be incorporated into naturally occurring activities in the child's environment.
Technology needs to be integrated into all classrooms with a focus on exploring possibilities.
Technology needs to be integrated into what's going on in the classroom.
Technology needs to be made affordable and available to the common man to reduce poverty.
Technology needs to be part of everyday life.
Technology needs to be part of our regular classroom life.
Technology needs to be used wisely with the end goal in mind.
Technology needs to be woven into the whole education budget.
Technology needs to become another core area.
Technology needs to do more than inspire.
Technology needs to emulate the processes that work for organizations.
Technology needs to fit people rather than forcing the people to fit the technology.
Technology needs to slow down .
Technology needs to support the administration.
Technology needs vary according to the type of user. .
Technology never comes into conflict with people because people invented technology.
Technology never governs itself, and it often serves as a monument to our flirtatious love of power.
Technology never solves all the problems.
Technology never stands still and neither do our customers.
Technology never stops changing.
Technology never stops spinning out new hardware with new applications.
Technology now adds a new dimension to the adventure of finding the best fare.
Technology now allows anyone with good secretarial skills to service companies all over the world.
Technology now allows blood lost in surgery to be collected and transfused back to the patient.
Technology now allows instruction to emanate from the teacher's desktop computer.
Technology now allows many companies to replace people with computers, saving time and money.
Technology now allows people to freely exchange information at an amazing rate.
Technology now allows schools to make sweeping changes in the education of their students.
Technology now allows work to be performed from almost anywhere.
Technology now can do it with our help.
Technology now carries huge impact on home marketing.
Technology now challenges that classic view of teaching.
Technology now enables librarians to provide reference assistance through the Web, in real time.
Technology now enhances access and enables increased connectivity between students with faculty.
Technology now enters the picture.
Technology now exists for wireless connections, via radio signals.
Technology now exists to build roads that last fifty years.
Technology now exists to carry data, voice and video transmissions over a single line.
Technology now exists to help companies manage and allocate resources with absolute efficiency.
Technology now exists to support, augment and enhance all levels of human capability.
Technology now facilitates handling larger volumes of business with greater ease than ever before.
Technology now gives many workers at home access to virtually all the tools they have at the office.
Technology now is an integral part of society.
Technology now links information users and creators.
Technology now links the smallest collections with the largest in the world.
Technology now makes it easy to tag and herd whales and tuna.
Technology now makes it possible to deliver instruction over the Internet.
Technology now makes it possible to deliver services to the citizen much more effectively.
Technology now makes it possible.
Technology now makes possible other, nontraditional modes of teaching and learning.
Technology now mediates between man and the aesthetic experience.
Technology now offers a solution to that problem.
Technology now plays a major role in higher education.
Technology now plays an increasingly important role in the daily working life of government.
Technology now provides the means for many people with disability to be productively employed.
Technology now solves so many problems and science provides many of the answers.
Technology obsoletes models in one to two years.
Technology occurs in a non-magical context.
Technology offers a bright and exciting future to our future generation.
Technology offers a chance to make social studies come alive for students in new ways.
Technology offers a comprehensive educational support program for all students.
Technology offers a great resource for a vast wealth of information.
Technology offers a lot of options.
Technology offers a means of assisting the sisters in their continued growth.
Technology offers a unique opportunity to enhance the delivery of arts education.
Technology offers a variety of ways to assist in collecting, sorting and presenting information.
Technology offers a visual connection.
Technology offers additional promise for recording data and reporting student learning.
Technology offers advantage.
Technology offers an open environment that includes a competitive salary, benefits and equity.
Technology offers capability.
Technology offers chances.
Technology offers China the chance to catch up and solve many problems.
Technology offers convenience, but it doesn t replace common sense.
Technology offers enhanced applications and motivates students to move beyond rote memorization.
Technology offers exciting possibilities for today's teachers and students.
Technology offers experience.
Technology offers few of the opportunities for productivity gains that some industries have enjoyed.
Technology offers great opportunities to reform and improve education.
Technology offers many benefits.
Technology offers many options for delivering and receiving education over a distance.
Technology offers more cause for hope than dread when it comes to environmental problems.
Technology offers new capacities and abilities.
Technology offers new vistas of learning and sources to students.
Technology offers new ways to build communities.
Technology offers new ways to discover, invent, and re-create the bathhouse.
Technology offers no practical way to clean down deep without destroying the beach.
Technology offers no universal solution every teacher can adopt.
Technology offers numerous advantage.
Technology offers numerous ways of strengthening learning for both students and teachers.
Technology offers one of the most useful ways to make the shift from teaching to learning.
Technology offers opportunities for exploration, communication, collaboration, and construction.
Technology offers opportunities to use new information in improved programs.
Technology offers opportunity-opportunities for our workers, and opportunities for our children.
Technology offers options for students to communicate with each other on collaborative projects.
Technology offers our greatest hope for prosperity.
Technology offers powerful tools to amplify diverse voices so they get heard.
Technology offers practical alternatives.
Technology offers real opportunities for bus operators and passengers alike.
Technology offers sanitary pads, tampons or menstrual cups or caps to deal with the flow.
Technology offers some handy, hands-free solutions.
Technology offers some opportunity to fulfill the promise of individualized instruction.
Technology offers teachers options for adapting instruction to special student needs.
Technology offers the best example.
Technology offers the investor the transparency and access to the best prices.
Technology offers the most practical answer.
Technology offers the necessary tools to get the work done more accurately and efficiently.
Technology offers the potential of improving faculty productivity.
Technology offers the promise of valuable new products fashioned from hydrocarbons.
Technology offers tremendous opportunities to improve teaching and learning.
Technology offers unique opportunities when applied to new business model.
Technology offers vast, diverse, and unique resources to students, teachers, and administrators.
Technology offers visitors with their set of preferences and their personal catalogue.
Technology offers ways to ease collaboration both inside and out of class.
Technology only affects part of a much broader social process.
Technology only becomes effective when it is in the hands of innovative creators.
Technology only goes so far.
Technology only has value if it brings growers an increase in product performance and profit.
Technology only speeds up obsolesence.
Technology only works when it makes things simpler.
Technology opens a world of information and communication.
Technology opens extraordinary new avenues.
Technology opens many doors to success.
Technology opens minds with a new set of keys.
Technology opens more and more opportunities for people with disabilities.
Technology opens other avenues of information to people.
Technology opens the floodgates to illegitimate and inaccurate reporting.
Technology opens their eyes to possibilities beyond the poverty of their communities.
Technology opens up the possibility of full-time readers working at home.
Technology opens up the sharing of ideas among teachers.
Technology outwits the regulators.
Technology paves the way for innovation in traditional and online classrooms.
Technology pays - sometimes.
Technology pays at the pump.
Technology performs tasks.
Technology permeates all aspects of our lives.
Technology permeates our lives.
Technology permits faster and more accurate matches between sellers and buyers.
Technology permits it to be made available to a large part of the campus population.
Technology permits near instantaneous assembly and transmittal of large volumes of data.
Technology permits space travel and transportation.
Technology perpetually changes.
Technology pervades all of the disciplines and is an integral part of the total picture.
Technology pervades every facet of life and drives the economy.
Technology pervades everything and is part of everything.
Technology pervades our everyday life today.
Technology places greater control in the hands of fewer individuals.
Technology planning Help with technology planning is in great demand.
Technology Plans final blessing.
Technology Plans Seeing in to the future is a none too simple task.
Technology plays a big factor in the rankings.
Technology plays a big part in our students lives.
Technology plays a big part in the daily operations of the two clinics.
Technology plays a big role in Brent's everyday tasks.
Technology plays a big role in the program.
Technology plays a big role.
Technology plays a central role in education improvement.
Technology plays a central role in the firm's ability to serve clients effectively.
Technology plays a critical and measurable role in the company's survival.
Technology plays a critical role in delivering student services.
Technology plays a critical role in reengineering.
Technology plays a huge part.
Technology plays a key role in education both for learning and literacy.
Technology plays a key role in making workers more efficient.
Technology plays a key role in state government.
Technology plays a key role in student learning.
Technology plays a key role in the organization's success.
Technology plays a key role in the use of the library.
Technology plays a key role in the vocational education curriculum.
Technology plays a key role in their ability to remain competitive and innovative.
Technology plays a key role in their work.
Technology plays a key role.
Technology plays a large part in portraying the identity of the user.
Technology plays a major part in classroom instruction.
Technology plays a major role in answering that question.
Technology plays a major role in ensuring interoperability and in dissemination.
Technology plays a major role in our advancement over the competition.
Technology plays a major role in that change.
Technology plays a major role in the educational process.
Technology plays a necessary, but vastly overstated, role in community projects.
Technology plays a part in that.
Technology plays a role as central as political processes play in the typical history course.
Technology plays a role here.
Technology plays a role in almost every facet of modern life.
Technology plays a role in either solution.
Technology plays a role in gaining an advantage through reduced leadtimes.
Technology plays a role in increasing diversity.
Technology plays a role in student learning at Lakeland.
Technology plays a role in support and leveraging.
Technology plays a role in the creation and delivery of all instructional options.
Technology plays a role in the school's printing, graphics, and computer programming courses.
Technology plays a significant role both in estate planning and probate and trust administration.
Technology plays a significant role in accessing information.
Technology plays a significant role in almost every aspect of a successful music-related career.
Technology plays a significant role in most businesses today.
Technology plays a supporting role.
Technology plays a vital role in the success of call centers.
Technology plays a vital role in the world of modern communications.
Technology plays a vital role.
Technology plays an additional role in the delivery of education.
Technology plays an enormous role here.
Technology plays an especially essential role for teachers of children with disabilities.
Technology plays an even smaller role in Iowa than most other states.
Technology plays an important part in classrooms at all levels.
Technology plays an important part in helping students learn.
Technology plays an important role for humans.
Technology plays an important role in agricultural sustainability.
Technology plays an important role in all curriculum areas.
Technology plays an important role in an underwriter's job.
Technology plays an important role in Arizona s economy.
Technology plays an important role in helping all students be successful.
Technology plays an important role in improving our ability to serve our customers.
Technology plays an important role in our everyday lives.
Technology plays an important role in protecting water.
Technology plays an important role in quality improvement initiatives in many units.
Technology plays an important role in safeguarding our borders from the flow of illicit drugs.
Technology plays an important role in shaping our worlds.
Technology plays an important role in supporting the research and instructional environment.
Technology plays an important role in that preparation.
Technology plays an important role in the classroom.
Technology plays an important role in the colloquium as well.
Technology plays an important role in the education of our students.
Technology plays an important role in the recovery of the employee.
Technology plays an important role, but it is a supporting role.
Technology plays an increasingly important role in an underwriter's job.
Technology plays an increasingly important role on campus.
Technology plays an increasingly strategic role in the way companies do business.
Technology plays an integral part with the inclusion of laser disc and CD-ROM programs.
Technology plays an integral role in hands-on math and science.
Technology plays an integral role in modern medicine.
Technology plays an integral role in our instructional program.
Technology plays another key role in bolstering the long-term prospects of the energy sector.
Technology plays big roles.
Technology plays crucial roles.
Technology plays important roles.
Technology plays roles.
Technology plays two roles - agent and agent enhancer.
Technology poses significant changes to education.
Technology poses unprecedented challenges to such judgment.
Technology predates science by thousands of years.
Technology presents a new horizon with familiar scars.
Technology presents an important issue here.
Technology presents an incredible opportunity to people with disabilities.
Technology presents an opportunity and a danger.
Technology presents unique classification challenges.
Technology produces diversify products.
Technology produces products.
Technology progresses and the symbols are cut into pieces of wood.
Technology progresses with small steps as well as major jumps.
Technology progresses, and from that even newer technologies are born.
Technology progresses, but the list of mishaps goes on and on.
Technology promises a terrestrial paradise, whereas revelation is risky, expensive and useless.
Technology promises an equal amount of both.
Technology promises greater accessibility to information, communication and transportation.
Technology promises to be the most viable and objective means of measuring quality.
Technology promotes multiple ways of knowing.
Technology promotes publishing and research in the computer lab.
Technology promotes sharing of information.
Technology provides a catalyst to go beyond the traditional research paper.
Technology provides a different tool by which students can learn.
Technology provides a focus on physical phenomena.
Technology provides a lot of opportunities for gathering more information.
Technology provides a new challenge.
Technology provides a new learning medium.
Technology provides a tool for change and can actually compel an organization to change.
Technology provides a totally new avenue for learning how to write.
Technology provides a twist that makes it much more contemporary.
Technology provides a variety of general tools for education.
Technology provides a variety of learning styles and input.
Technology provides access to a world of information.
Technology provides additional ways for teachers to meet a range of student learning needs.
Technology provides all kinds of opportunities.
Technology provides an exciting element.
Technology provides an incredible opportunity to market on various layers.
Technology provides an incredible tool for professional development.
Technology provides another strategy to create time.
Technology provides assistance.
Technology provides avenues for real communication that never existed.
Technology Provides background in planning, design, and layout of all major engineering projects.
Technology provides benefits.
Technology provides common frameworks.
Technology provides consistency.
Technology Provides customized software solution.
Technology provides deaf and hard of hearing people with more enjoyment too.
Technology provides dramatic new ways to improve patient care and facilitate nursing practice.
Technology provides easy access to a wealth of information via the Internet.
Technology provides educators with tools to reach today's children.
Technology provides enhanced visualization of mathematical functions and operations in real time.
Technology provides even more treatment options and improved services in the home.
Technology provides for many types of records to be linked.
Technology provides frameworks.
Technology provides 'high tech and high touch' opportunities as well.
Technology provides immediate interactivity between students and the instructor.
Technology provides improvement.
Technology provides information.
Technology provides instant access to locations, and in some cases availability.
Technology provides learning opportunities that support a highly interactive environment.
Technology provides many benefits.
Technology provides many means to change printed text into digital form.
Technology provides many opportunities to reduce costs.
Technology provides many tools to achieve people-oriented results.
Technology provides maximum shock absorption in the heel and forefoot.
Technology provides maximum shock absorption.
Technology provides mechanisms to deliver instruction and services to our service community.
Technology provides methods.
Technology provides more exciting venues for faculty and students to demonstrate their knowledge.
Technology provides more resources for student use in problem solving, thinking and reflection.
Technology provides neither cause nor cure for war.
Technology provides new challenges for laws written before the Internet entered the workplace.
Technology provides new methods for caring, monitoring patient and developing nursing strategies.
Technology provides objects, law maintains an environment, each for human well-being.
Technology provides obvious possibilities to improve resource utilisation and energy efficiency.
Technology provides one such advantage.
Technology provides opportunities for students to learn new skills.
Technology provides options.
Technology provides our horses and management provides our leaders, but MTs are the troops.
Technology provides potential employees with countless employment options.
Technology provides ready access to resources.
Technology provides resources and data with the touch of a button.
Technology provides some options for creating more personalized approaches to learning.
Technology provides students with a diverse audience.
Technology provides such an opportunity.
Technology provides teachers and students with the tools needed to expand and enhance education.
Technology Provides technology capable for messaging reliability.
Technology provides that precious commodity.
Technology provides the illusion of a protective bubble, and certain boundaries fall away.
Technology provides the loop.
Technology provides the opportunity for good teachers to be better and bad teachers to hide.
Technology provides the opportunity to save time and to be a better informed customer.
Technology provides the perfect way for employees to manage upward.
Technology provides the self-service methods for people to access information.
Technology provides the support to the human dynamics.
Technology provides the tools or means to enhance the quality of the end product.
Technology provides the tools that students can use to invent, create, and problem solve.
Technology provides the tools to motivate and enhance learning and improve the quality of life.
Technology provides tools for accessing, sorting, interpreting, and querying information.
Technology provides tools for enhancing education.
Technology provides tools for investigation, inquiry, and analysis.
Technology provides tools for understanding natural phenomena and often sparks scientific advances.
Technology provides tools, but creativity cultivates great character and self-worth.
Technology provides ways to enact high standards.
Technology provides yet another opportunity to engage students in new ways.
Technology provides, in other words, valuable tools for life.
Technology pulls the younger group both ways.
Technology pushes social change.
Technology puts another wrinkle into the abridged vs. unabridged battle.
Technology puts end users together.
Technology puts people within reach of companies once limited by geography.
Technology puts students on a more equal footing.
Technology puts the learning rate into the hands of the students.
Technology puts wheelchair racers on fast track.
Technology races forward.
Technology raises many of the controversial social questions of our time.
Technology raises the value of expertise, forcing consolidation.
Technology rapidly changes the capabilities of the PC-empowered user.
Technology reaches every corner of campus, transforming the nature of study.
Technology reaches where even the fundamental needs of life are scarce.
Technology really is a double-edged sword when it comes to cheating.
Technology really is amazing.
Technology really is now about creativity, connection, and communications.
Technology really represents just another set of motions to go through.
Technology reconfigures educational costs.
Technology reduces costs and increases productivity.
Technology reduces pollution.
Technology reduces prices.
Technology reduces the time and increases the space across which learning can take place.
Technology reestablishes the severed connection.
Technology refers to the techniques of production.
Technology refreshes on a set schedule, reducing old equipment maintenance costs.
Technology regulate the quality and standards of the programs.
Technology reinvents itself.
Technology related careers range from professional to industrial or service worker.
Technology related downtime is one of the pitfalls of online teaching.
Technology related projects are numerous in the college.
Technology related work orders go on-line , allowing schools to submit work orders over the web.
Technology relates to only art.
Technology relies on more than just knowing how to write code.
Technology remains as a means to fulfil the basic necessities of man.
Technology remains the place to be for long term growth.
Technology removes limitations related to location.
Technology removes many of the traditional limitations of time and space.
Technology replaces support staff.
Technology replaces the mule still full of power, but stubborn and unreliable.
Technology Reports on underwater ocean technologies.
Technology represents a modern way of connecting donors with the causes they care about.
Technology represents another bundle of innovations for the schools.
Technology represents man's attempt to make life easier.
Technology represents the future, and it's an important investment.
Technology represents the future.
Technology requires a large population.
Technology requires a new and different infrastructure.
Technology requires a substantial initial expenditure.
Technology requires constant updating.
Technology requires expertise.
Technology requires more problem-solving than ever.
Technology requires the articulation of processes and outcomes.
Technology rescues senators Talk about an exclusive club.
Technology reshapes scholastic journalism.
Technology reshapes what and how students learn.
Technology resources to participating schools.
Technology revises the linearism of print.
Technology revolutionizes geography.
Technology rewrites the rules every generation.
Technology rolls in on tiny little feet.
Technology rules the day, guided by feature-driven marketing.
Technology run rampant is a dangerous thing.
Technology run rampant.
Technology s main office is located in downtown Iron Mountain, Michigan.
Technology sales a plus.
Technology saves lives, etc., etc.
Technology saves time and reduces cost when incorporated into mechanical production settings.
Technology See above.
Technology See what's under the hood.
Technology seems ideally suited for providing access to resources that promote intelligent behavior.
Technology seems to appear everywhere.
Technology seems to be a form of escapism.
Technology seems to be a topic of concern for many in the criminal justice system.
Technology seems to be back In favor.
Technology seems to be developing certain chiasmatic qualities here.
Technology seems to be getting deified.
Technology seems to be growing at an exponential rate.
Technology seems to be on the side of anarchy.
Technology seems to be part of on-going efforts in school districts.
Technology seems to be the buzz word for Pacific Rim city officials meeting in Seattle.
Technology seems to be the keyword for education today.
Technology seems to be the ultimate enemy of soul.
Technology seems to bring a never-ending cycle of needing more.
Technology seems to drive people.
Technology seems to have changed our world a great deal.
Technology seems to make the learning environment more adaptive to many students.
Technology seems to present insurmountable problems for archivists to accomplish their mission.
Technology seems to progress and evolve faster than humans.
Technology seems to shape cultures, societies, ideals and expectations.
Technology seems well adapted to the transmission of information quickly and directly.
Technology sees to it that it moves ever faster.
Technology separates families, and churches try to fill the void.
Technology separates our perception of gender.
Technology serves as a fundamental support to the application of science and math.
Technology serves as a medium for learning.
Technology serves as a vehicle for learning and a communications tool.
Technology serves as an important resource.
Technology serves as the medium through which the entire populations learn.
Technology serves as their link to the university.
Technology serves the content.
Technology serves to level the playing field.
Technology serves to realize more significant changes such as the way business is conducted.
Technology shapes our thought, just as our thought shapes technology.
Technology shapes people.
Technology shapes people's musical tastes.
Technology shapes society, but society is more lasting than technology.
Technology shifts the emphasis from teaching to learning.
Technology shifts the focus and emphasis from solid news gathering and presentation.
Technology shows up in a variety of places besides computers.
Technology shows usefulness.
Technology significantly increases the quantity and quality of meteorological information.
Technology simply becomes the grease to connect people and quicken processes.
Technology simply enables change.
Technology simply provides music educators with far more options.
Technology simulates, so they make it mimic the fear and splendor of shamanic trance .
Technology simultaneously evokes both pleasure and terror.
Technology skills an asset.
Technology skills to shorten the workday and be VERY efficient.
Technology slows things down.
Technology solves integration problems in the prototyping process.
Technology solves more problems than it presents for social work education.
Technology solves practical problems.
Technology solves problems.
Technology soon becomes just another way to divide groups or create hierarchies among friends.
Technology speeds message delivery and monitoring.
Technology speeds things up and speed is supposed to create more free time.
Technology speeds up the body, the body attains planetary escape velocity.
Technology speeds up the process.
Technology spins the world today.
Technology springs to life.
Technology stands behind each and every one of our products.
Technology still improves.
Technology still matters.
Technology stimulates the imagination.
Technology strengthens learning on all levels.
Technology strikes again at, of all places, the Technology Expo in New York.
Technology -Study different methods of dating fossils.
Technology suggests new metaphors, analogies and myths to overcome the silence of the stars.
Technology supplements all areas of learning.
Technology supplements other forms of communication between instructors and learners.
Technology supports administrative functions.
Technology supports all areas of the curriculum.
Technology supports and integrates with curriculum and state standards.
Technology supports effective mathematics teaching.
Technology supports for project-based learning.
Technology supports instructional learning goals.
Technology supports learning and job performance.
Technology supports life-long learning and economic development for all engaged communities.
Technology supports problem-solving tied to authentic global issues.
Technology supports teaching and learning.
Technology supports the curriculum.
Technology supports the instructional program and enhances district operations.
Technology supports the integration of software with the curriculum.
Technology Supports the moratorium on Internet taxation.
Technology supports, extends, and enhances learning.
Technology suppresses that.
Technology sure does work both ways.
Technology sure is exciting.
Technology surely is a very important factor.
Technology surprises Even the most open of research approaches has limits to how far it is aiming.
Technology surprises people.
Technology takes a big step when needle looms replace shuttle looms.
Technology takes away the problem of having to improvise in class.
Technology takes many classroom-friendly forms.
Technology takes on a hurricane.
Technology takes racing to the limit.
Technology takes the blame for human infirmities, as well as the place of human contact.
Technology takes the heartland by storm.
Technology takes the learning to the professional.
Technology takes time to be understood and employed.
Technology talks about communication, but people don t communicate with each other at all.
Technology tantalizes the human mind to make, combine, invent.
Technology Targets Our district-wide technology plan includes targets for each grade level.
Technology templates to be used w.
Technology tends to be cumulative.
Technology tends to be the focus of the lesson.
Technology tends to become commercially available, and all comers can acquire it.
Technology tends to bring money and power into focus.
Technology tends to change what a person feasibly can do as well who feasibly can do.
Technology tends to determine the structure and organisation of society.
Technology tends to dictate our goals.
Technology tends to influence art in serious ways.
Technology tends to relieve law office personnel of many of the drudging, lower-level, menial tasks.
Technology then becomes an indispensable tool.
Technology then helps expand their perspective to a global view.
Technology therefore includes the many diverse tools that human beings use to solve problems.
Technology therefore serves pedagogy rather than liberates it, so it seems so far.
Technology Think the best.
Technology threatens to limit users' free speech The mouse is truly mightier than the sword.
Technology threatens to make some legal practices obsolete.
Technology thus bridges the gap between research and the needs of industry.
Technology thus solves the cumbersome problems of discovering the truth.
Technology too seems to keep abreast of the current needs of the industry.
Technology torments the men's game.
Technology touches all our children's lives.
Technology touches many aspects of our work lives.
Technology touches our lives in far more ways than can check or be checked by the state.
Technology touches the customer and supports operations.
Technology traditionally rallies in the fall.
Technology transforms nature into art.
Technology transforms their workplaces.
Technology transforms what it means to be human.
Technology turns DVD players into fully interactive video entertainment systems.
Technology underlies our high performance transmitter, receiver and amplifier product lines.
Technology underpins the whole regental system.
Technology Understands basic operations and concepts of technological systems.
Technology unleashes other benefits.
Technology upgrades at production cost if new storage media becomes standard.
Technology Use the crest, to the left, to navigate back to our home page.
Technology use The use of technology by young farmers and ranchers continues to skyrocket.
Technology uses artificial intelligence.
Technology uses clearly designed to help students learn content.
Technology uses compression.
Technology uses different voltage.
Technology uses dynamic compression.
Technology uses effects.
Technology uses energy.
Technology uses for operations.
Technology uses heat.
Technology uses incorporated into program review and assessment guidelines.
Technology uses intelligence.
Technology uses materials.
Technology uses motors.
Technology uses power.
Technology uses support student process learnning.
Technology uses technology.
Technology uses torque motors.
Technology uses voltage.
Technology uses waste heat.
Technology utilizes gravimetric separation and biological treatment.
Technology varies according to the funding available to the local public works department.
Technology wants to be in our bodies, because it sort of came out of our bodies.
Technology wants to evolve toward a single standard that works.
Technology watch in the field of data management, IT, office automation and communications.
Technology Watch Laparoscopic hands and handlers.
Technology weeds it out.
Technology Welcome to blt atlanta .
Technology welcomes members of the press.
Technology whichenables kids to expand their horizons and explore the world aroundthem.
Technology widens differences between users and nonusers.
Technology wins again.
Technology works in mysterious ways.
Technology works well because it is inherently interesting.
Technology works, sometimes.
Technology workshop a plus.
Technology's a quick fix.
Technology's such a great thing, but it only works when it's there to be used.
Technologies always get more complex over time, but complexity can be hidden.
Technologies always have momentum.
Technology always changes, and top businesses change right along with it.
Technology always diffuses unevenly.
Technology always forces law.
Technology always forces people to evaluate their thinking.
Technology always improves.
Technology always involves the means to accomplishing ends.
Technology always marches on, though, and more things seem to change than stay the same.
Technology always offers opportunity.
Technology always seems able to make things smaller.
Technology always seems to be a double edged sword.
Technology always seems to play leapfrog.
Technologies frequently come into existence, only to be swept away by newer ones.
Technology frequently changes.
Technology frequently penetrates markets in two distinct waves.
Technologies often have drawbacks as well as benefits.
Technology often amounts to a draw in social struggle.
Technology often creates the opportunity to deliver new important benefits to customers.
Technology often cuts both ways.
Technology often cuts out peripheral cues and knowledge.
Technology often demands teamwork.
Technology often does that.
Technology often invents things no one has a use for.
Technology often is the enabler of new commerce.
Technology often is the product of science.
Technology often moves faster than society is prepared to deal with the changes.
Technology often replaces jobs.
Technology often takes a while to be appreciated and catch on.
Technology often takes the blame for the mistakes of the people who make and use it.
Technology often travels faster than book publishing.
Technology sometimes changes exponentially.
Technology sometimes forces a change in a military's doctrine.
Technology sometimes leads to power sharing and blurs distinctions between teaching and learning.
Technology usually evolves in the direction of ease and convenience.
Technology usually has substantial costs.
Technology usually means less jobs and less profits.
Technology usually provides a series of tradeoffs.
Technology usually provides the new vehicle on which advertiser deliver their message.
All technologies are easily accessible and come with detailed explanations of all they do.
All technologies are neutral.
All technologies are power.
All technologies are subject to distortion by sin.
All technologies can produce unanticipated negative repercussions.
All technologies described in the section are available for licensing .
All technologies embody social activities.
All technologies evolve.
All technologies have a good side and a dark side.
All technologies have both benefits and risks.
All technologies have histories of development.
All technologies have their flip side.
All technologies involve political choices and moral values.
All technologies promote collaboration and student ownership of learning.
All technology has great power only if they are fine-tuned for optimal performance.
All technology has risk.
All technology has that issue associated with it.
All technology has the capacity for good, or for evil.
All technology has the potential to fail similarly.
All technology is a double-edged sword.
All technology is a product of human intelligence, effort and imagination.
All technology is developed in-house by our development team.
All technology is examiend first and foremost for military applications.
All technology is flawed.
All technology is free, and runs on any platform.
All technology is functional.
All technology is geared to reinforce classroom learning in all subjects.
All technology is governed by generalized physical laws.
All technology is local.
All technology is military technology.
All technology is network based and the software solutions are ubiquitous regardless of location.
All technology is on a continuum.
All technology is provided for the workshop.
All technology related to IMAX film cameras and projectors is a Canadian development.
All technology starts with someone's idea or imagination.
All technology used by individuals with impairments comes with a very large price tag.
All technology utilized is currently openly available.
Any technology can be.
Any technology can bring about terrible suffering if used unwisely.
Any technology can have drawbacks if misused.
Any technology has negative consequences and unanticipated side effects.
Any technology has the potential to be abused.
Any technology is only as good as the people who use it.
Any technology provides an opportunity.
Every technology goes from a lab to being the toy of an in-group to being a utility.
Every technology has a dark side - deal with it.
Every technology has both social and technical dimensions.
Every technology has inherent and identifiable social, political and environmental consequences.
Every technology has inherent and identifiable social, political, and environmental consequences.
Every technology has some costs and some benefits.
Every technology is a compromise.
Every technology is embedded within a context of a supporting sociology.
Every technology is precisely as repressive as it is expressive.
Every technology provides opportunity.
Every technology seems to introduce nearly as many problems as it solves.
Many technologies are available for efficient processing, materials handling, and storage.
Many technologies are available for licensing and commercialization.
Many technologies are available to faculty for use both in the classroom and beyond it.
Many technologies are available, however, that reduce the environmental impacts of cropping.
Many technologies are complex, expensive, or unreliable.
Many technologies are expensive to utilize.
Many technologies are involved to achieve the same goal increased revenues.
Many technologies can increase the yields of crops.
Many technologies created in the last several years impact compound documents.
Many technologies exist which can be used for sensing objects and movement outdoors.
Many technologies exist, and each technology has features that distinguish it from the others.
Many technologies generated in the lab have broad applicability outside our corporate focus.
Many technologies have a half-life of a year or two.
Many technologies now are dual use.
Many technologies support and encourage active learning techniques.
Many technologies survive their replacements that way.
Many technology plans only deal with computers.
More technologies are in the late stages than ever before.
More technology is on the way.
More technology is usually the answer to complications arising from technology.
More technology leads to more stress.
More technology means more comfort.
More technology means more money spent and more time to understand it.
Most technologies are obvious and unexceptional by the time they launch .
Most technologies developed by humans have positive as well as negative impacts.
Most technologies have frames that consist of a header followed by data.
Most technologies produced by an array of companies are proprietary.
Most technologies require specific hardware and software configurations.
Most technology affects capacity.
Most technology allows exploration.
Most technology allows for examinations.
Most technology allows observations.
Most technology allows operations.
Most technology allows researchers.
Most technology allows scientists.
Most technology brings new products.
Most technology brings products.
Most technology changes cultural values.
Most technology changes values.
Most technology combines parameters.
Most technology contributes to improvement.
Most technology delivers results.
Most technology enables creations.
Most technology enables humans.
Most technology enables measurements.
Most technology enables researchers.
Most technology enables scientists.
Most technology enables users.
Most technology encourages growth.
Most technology enhances life.
Most technology follows patterns.
Most technology has applications.
Most technology has effects.
Most technology has goals.
Most technology has military applications.
Most technology has opposite effects.
Most technology has phases.
Most technology has potential applications.
Most technology has potential military applications.
Most technology has potential.
Most technology has power.
Most technology has treatments.
Most technology helps biological fathers.
Most technology helps emissions.
Most technology helps fathers.
Most technology helps humans.
Most technology helps knowledge.
Most technology helps physicians.
Most technology helps problems.
Most technology improves chances.
Most technology improves effectiveness.
Most technology improves life.
Most technology improves outcomes.
Most technology includes computers.
Most technology includes powerful computers.
Most technology is designed without thinking of the disabled.
Most technology is just a form of information system.
Most technology is still at the precompetitive stage, making continued innovation vital.
Most technology is used by workers.
Most technology leads to breakthroughs.
Most technology leads to development.
Most technology leads to inventions.
Most technology offers advantage.
Most technology offers capability.
Most technology offers chances.
Most technology offers experience.
Most technology offers numerous advantage.
Most technology performs tasks.
Most technology plays big roles.
Most technology plays crucial roles.
Most technology plays important roles.
Most technology plays roles.
Most technology produces diversify products.
Most technology produces products.
Most technology provides assistance.
Most technology provides benefits.
Most technology provides common frameworks.
Most technology provides frameworks.
Most technology provides improvement.
Most technology provides information.
Most technology provides many benefits.
Most technology provides methods.
Most technology provides options.
Most technology reduces pollution.
Most technology requires expertise.
Most technology shows usefulness.
Most technology solves practical problems.
Most technology solves problems.
Most technology uses artificial intelligence.
Most technology uses compression.
Most technology uses different voltage.
Most technology uses dynamic compression.
Most technology uses effects.
Most technology uses energy.
Most technology uses for operations.
Most technology uses heat.
Most technology uses intelligence.
Most technology uses materials.
Most technology uses motors.
Most technology uses power.
Most technology uses technology.
Most technology uses torque motors.
Most technology uses voltage.
Most technology uses waste heat.
Much technology has a lag effect associated with it.
Much technology is available to counter the misuse of technology.
Some technologies actively invite misuse.
Some technologies appear to be easier for faculty members to handle than others.
Some technologies apply to more than one contaminant or media.
Some technologies are actually in development in laboratory benches right now.
Some technologies are ahead of the times.
Some technologies are almost everywhere.
Some technologies are commodities.
Some technologies are exotic.
Some technologies are grassroots in their spread, and in the innovations they cause.
Some technologies are intrinsically limited to serving certain policies effectively.
Some technologies are more flexible than others.
Some technologies are related and build on each other from one age to the next.
Some technologies are relatively new.
Some technologies cost hundreds or thousands of dollars per vehicle.
Some technologies deserve to succeed but never do.
Some technologies exist for packet delivery to mobile devices today.
Some technologies facilitate acquisition of some language skills better than others.
Some technologies have little or no waste effluent to treat.
Some technologies have more than one way to do it.
Some technologies have such power that they test our souls.
Some technologies hold great promise in expanding the value chain.
Some technologies impact society more than others.
Some technologies lend themselves better to the acquisition of certain language skills than others.
Some technologies limit the types of employees.
Some technologies promise to refine the functionality of a keyboard.
Some technologies provide short-term energy storage, while others can endure for much longer.
Some technologies require much more effort to master than others for the same reward.
Some technologies span companies.
Some technologies stick, and others become historical footnotes.
Some technologies still have to be tried, tested and mastered.
Some technology affects problems.
Some technology aims at genetics.
Some technology allows astronomers.
Some technology allows for automatic optimization.
Some technology allows for optimization.
Some technology allows for route optimization.
Some technology allows light.
Some technology allows manipulation.
Some technology allows measurements.
Some technology allows movement.
Some technology allows patients.
Some technology allows services.
Some technology applies to glaze layers.
Some technology applies to layers.
Some technology changes conditions.
Some technology changes human conditions.
Some technology contributes to management.
Some technology contributes to production.
Some technology creates experience.
Some technology creates glow light.
Some technology creates light.
Some technology creates problems.
Some technology creates revolution.
Some technology detects presence.
Some technology does just what it's supposed to do, but with annoying by-products.
Some technology facilitates selections.
Some technology generates many problems.
Some technology generates problems.
Some technology has diagnoses.
Some technology has impact.
Some technology has ranges.
Some technology helps engineers.
Some technology helps mechanical engineers.
Some technology helps production.
Some technology helps road safety.
Some technology helps safety.
Some technology improves conductivity.
Some technology improves energy.
Some technology improves nutrition.
Some technology includes images.
Some technology includes orientations.
Some technology includes sterilization.
Some technology includes ultraviolet light sterilization.
Some technology includes ultraviolet sterilization.
Some technology investigates effects.
Some technology involves carbon dioxide.
Some technology involves dioxide.
Some technology involves satellites.
Some technology is better suited for treating larger areas of the body.
Some technology is inherently dangerous and almost all of it pollutes.
Some technology is presented in publications.
Some technology leads to discoveries.
Some technology leads to radiation treatments.
Some technology leads to scientific discoveries.
Some technology leads to treatments.
Some technology limits employment growth.
Some technology limits growth.
Some technology makes arrangements.
Some technology makes predictions.
Some technology makes weather predictions.
Some technology opens doors.
Some technology produces fiber.
Some technology produces light.
Some technology produces micro fiber.
Some technology produces pulse light.
Some technology promotes interdisciplinary approaches.
Some technology provides markets.
Some technology provides physicians.
Some technology provides security.
Some technology reduces carbon dioxide emissions.
Some technology reduces cost.
Some technology reduces dependence.
Some technology reduces emissions.
Some technology reduces human impact.
Some technology reduces impact.
Some technology requires detectors.
Some technology requires levels.
Some technology sees light.
Some technology serves science.
Some technology supports leaders.
Some technology uses blocks.
Some technology uses build blocks.
Some technology uses crystal.
Some technology uses images.
Some technology uses pressure.
Some technology uses shock waves.
Some technology uses water.
Some technology uses waves.
A technophile is an enthusiast
Technophiles are fanciers.
Technophiles can learn about trends or read the predictions of industry professionals.
Technophiles Get very excited about technology.
Technophiles use computers every day for almost all applications.
A technophilia is enthusiasm
Technophilia requires a heightened consciousness of our technological dilemma.
A technophobe is a naysayer
Technophobes are at the mercy of geeks, and they know it.
A technophobia is dislike
Technophobia can be an obstacle to using technology in the classroom to improve learning.
Technophobia is a disease that tends to plague more women than men.
Technophobia is an easy nut to crack when moderate resources are devoted to the effort.
Technophobia is by no means new.
Technophobia is something that can be overcome with a little work.
Technophobia still exists for faculty and students.
Techs diploma carries the same rights and privileges as a diploma from any other high school.
Techway study needs info.
Techy people wait for software to arrive, or write their own.
Tecnhical communications is offered under the English program.
Tecnica bearings are fully serviceable.
Tecnica skates have a normal heel brake with a rubber pad.
Tecopa soils form from mixed metamorphic and igneous rocks such as schist, gneiss, and quartzite.
TeCoR members are the first resource for library personel to go to with computer questions.
TeCoR members are the first resource for library personnel to go to with computer questions.
Tectonic activity can change the location and size of lakes and rivers.
Tectonic activity can take on order of millions of years.
Tectonic activity continues throughout the world and the continents are still moving.
Tectonic activity determines the global surface features of a planet.
Tectonic activity is accepted as ongoing and invidious.
Tectonic activity is required.
Tectonic activity is the movement of areas of crust seen on the terrestrial planets.
Tectonic activity makes the interpretation of strand-line evidence problematic.
Tectonic change happens in the flash of an eye, as earthquakes forever alter the landscape.
Tectonic deformation occurs on a minor scale with numerous folds and thrust-folds.
Tectonic drift is responsible for seafloor spreading and continental drift.
Tectonic earthquakes are much more powerful than the earthquakes caused by volcanic activity.
Tectonic earthquakes occur due to the release of the stress caused by relative plate motion.
Tectonic forces cause events.
Most tectonic forces cause events.
Some tectonic forces have effects.
Tectonic information is overprinted on a generalized geologic base map.
Tectonic lakes occur in natural fissures.
Tectonic loading can also produce subsidence.
Tectonic loading is particularly important in orogenic regions such as foreland basins.
Tectonic movement can also contribute to erosion, as can the wind.
Tectonic overpressure is an old problem in geology.
Tectonic plates are also able to slide in opposite directions whilst lying next to one another.
Tectonic plates are constantly on the move.
Tectonic plates are giant masses of solid rock that float upon the earths mantle.
Tectonic plates are large pieces of the earth's lithosphere.
Tectonic plates are stones.
Tectonic plates cover the Earth like a giant patchwork.
Tectonic plates move in different directions and at different speeds.
Tectonic plates move very slowly, only a few inches every year.
Tectonic plates press together.
Tectonic plates slide mostly because of temperature changes and gravity.
Some tectonic plates run into one another, while others are moving apart.
Tectonic processes are critical.
Tectonic processes build landforms by causing an uplift in Earth s crust.
Tectonic slabs sink through the top layer but never penetrate a hypothesized denser layer below.
Tectonic uplift begins.
Tectonic uplift can also expose previously buried limestone .
Teddy bear hamsters attract attention.
A teddy bear is a toy
All teddy bears are gentle persons.
All teddy bears come from donations and are funded by various groups and individuals.
A teddy is a toy
Teddies are a breed that have kind of soft bristly hair.
Teddies are nice to look at, to say the least.
Teddies can have a full back panel, or a thong type cut to show the buttocks.
Teddies don t have to.
Teddies have (part) sections.
Teddies Say it with a cute teddy.
Teddy isa plaything.
Teddy isa toy.
All teddy bears and plushies communicate by telepathy.
Some teddies collect dust particles.
Some teddies collect particles.
Tedious adjustments are often neccessary.
Tedious study pays of quickly.
Tedious work is inhuman and repugnant, every work which shows signs of it is ugly.
Tedium is dissatisfaction
Tedium soon sets in when sartorial matters are described for the umpteenth time.
Tedtax people are well informed of yearly fiscal changes and updates.
Tee ball encourages players to use an uppercut to get maximum distance.
Tee ball is played in every state and territory and in dozens of countries around the world.
Tee ball is the entry sport to baseball for young players, generally four to eight years old.
Tee boxes are hilly and untended for the most part.
Tee boxes are laser-leveled and regrassed, and a new irrigation system was installed.
Tee boxes are lush and scenic while the fairways and greens are in peak condition.
Every tee box seems to be a pedestal with a panoramic awesome view.
A tee shirt is a shirt
Tee shirt ladies on the job.
Tee shirts are a traditional merchandising route for most sports.
Tee shirts are also great.
Tee shirts are also very comfortable, and are lighter to carry.
Tee shirts are available in adult, small, meduim, large and extra large.
Tee shirts are like personal billboards, the ultimate expression of inner self through outerwear.
Tee shirts are one of the standard clothing items for casual wear.
Tee shirts are to be red.
Tee shirts are white with dolls forming a circle on the front.
Tee shirts come in fashion as well as basic styles.
All tee shirts are individually poly bagged with part numbers and bar codes.
Some tee shirts are still available.
A tee is a site
TEE allows bedside evaluation and is quick to perform.
Tee attempts to break up.
Tee balls up until wrist wobble has been eliminated.
Tee Is a small pin made from wood or plastic on which the ball is put for the first shot.
Tee isa site.
Tee packages with tees, ball markers and divot repair tools.
Tee shirts for technology.
Tee shirts to all preregistered.
Tee shirts to evening wear, conservative to far-out, literally something for everyone.
Tee times five days in advance.
Tee times four days in advance.
Tee times up to a week in advance.
Tee times up to one week in advance.
TEES also provides an E-mail help desk.
Tees approach the quality and consistency of the greens.
Tees are available in sets of five and can be ordered through our web store.
Tees are bent and bluegrass.
Tees are golf equipment.
Tees are one of the few things that golf-course pro shops offer at a reasonable price.
Tees are part of golf courses.
Tees are pegs.
Tees are sites.
Tees are support.
Tees are typically at ground level.
Tees are useful for many basic and specialist drills.
Tees come packaged in individual boxes shown below.
Tees has something for everyone.
Tees is a contract manufacturer of high fashion tees for private label manufacturers.
TEES provides management skills to analyse critical services.
Tees spread out laterally.
Every tee has a mat, there are no grass tees.
Every tee provides a different approach to ample landing areas.
Every tee requires precision shot making.
Many tees seem to be pedestals perched above the fairways.
Some tees get too much shade while others get too much water.
Teen abortions are down, too.
Teen actors play the part of the victims.
Teen birth affects newborn infants, their young mothers, their fathers, their families and society.
Teen Center is closed due to carpet installation.
Teen comedy focuses on a stolen sports car and a beauty contest held on a beach.
Many teen courts accept only first-time offenders who have committed relatively minor offenses.
Most teen courts have relatively small caseloads.
Some teen courts train volunteer jurors as well as officers of the court.
Teen flicks are marketable to the teen audience.
Teen girls are a hot market.
Teen girls are also more likely to turn to parents, books or brochures, and health professionals.
Teen girls are also more recognized as consumers with money to spend.
Teen girls are generally petite, occasionally sporting a waif-like image.
Teen girls are more likely to hit their teen dates.
Teen girls are twice as likely as boys to report that they suffer from depression.
Teen girls feel pressure to smoke and drink.
Teen girls gather for sewing, English lessons and Bible study.
Teen girls get pregnant intentionally without other attainable life goals.
Teen girls have a pantyhose of sex fetish.
Teen girls like to wear men s boxer shorts.
Teen girls love the cool factor and their parents love the safety factor.
Teen girls love to be pampered and be made up.
Teen girls speak frankly on issues in their lives.
Teen girls sucking cock is a big turn on for older guys who are married or whatever.
Teen girls tend to be deficient in folate.
Teen girls tend to respond more intensely to family and social conflicts.
Teen girls use the Internet for sport-related purposes more than was originally believed.
Many teen girls have painful menstrual periods.
Most teen girls love to write.
Most teen girls say they're just having fun with the trend.
Some teen girls become depressed when they go through puberty.
Some teen girls find that birth control pills help to clear up their acne.
Some teen girls have infection.
Teen gymnasts need proteins.
Teen Ink is amazing.
Teen Ink is good for teenagers to get ideas on how to handle situations.
Teen Ink is great.
Teen Ink is open to any teen with a desire to write.
Teen Ink is solid, lively and extremely candid.
Teen Ink is written entirely by teens and distributed to thousands of schools nationwide.
Teen Ink provides a great platform for serious teen writers to express their unique perspective.
Teen Ink provides a unique look into the challenges and passions of teens.
Teen Ink sets the standard for English programs in high schools across the United States.
Teen magazines can be kind of obnoxious.
Teen magazines offer a variety of advice on issues that face teenagers.
Teen magazines play right into that desire.
Teen Mania recruits the finest leaders from across America for our summer trips.
Teen marriage increases the likelihood of rapid subsequent pregnancy.
Most teen marriages begin with a pregnancy.
Most teen marriages last only a couple of years.
Teen model gets busier and busier Dancing with . . .
Teen models are fashion models.
Many teen moms are victims who have been preyed upon by adult males.
Most teen moms raise their babies without the help of the baby's father.
Teen mothers can stay there with one child for three months.
Most teen mothers drop out of high school and remain single most of their young adult years.
Most teen movies seem to be based on a few similar experiences for everyone.
Teen Night is a unique program that keeps kids off the street.
Teen Night is offered for young adults.
Teen parenthood is also a social factor.
Teen people is about Real Teens and real issue.
Teen People Receive a free trial issue.
Teen pregnancies are down, especially in inner cities.
Teen pregnancies are down, reflecting an increase in a concern for personal responsibility.
Teen pregnancies are down, significantly down over the past decade.
Teen pregnancies are down, so are infant deaths.
Teen pregnancies are on the rise and even occurring in pre-teen girls.
Teen pregnancies are very common.
Teen pregnancies become uncommon.
Teen pregnancies decline in Missouri.
Teen pregnancies result in poorer health for both the mother and the child.
Teen pregnancy can carry serious consequences.
Teen pregnancy costs society billions of dollars a year.
Teen Pregnancy is of concern to the community.
Teen pregnancy stinks.
Most teen pregnancies are the results of a relationship with older guys.
Most teen pregnancies are unintended.
Most teen pregnancies happen because contraception fails.
Teen Scene Provides teens with a way to keep in touch with other teens around the world.
Teen Sexuality is dedicated to straight, gay, lesbian, and bisexual teens and college students.
Teen Talk is really cool.
Teen Talk is written by a different teen each month, so that parents hear from a teen's perspective.
Teen Talk presents a multi-cultural examination of the peace process in the Middle East.
Teen years are exciting, full of exploration.
Teen years are so remarkably fun that they can get exhausting.
Teen years are times when hormones kick in, and experimentation and curiosity replace blind trust.
Teen years are tough times.
Teen years are very difficult.
A teen is a person
Teen Helping over visitors, find just what they wanted . . .
Teen talk archive.
Teens accept advice more readily from peers than adults.
Teens account for one out of every eight deaths and injuries on the highway.
Teens actively engage in a variety of learning experiences.
Teens actually thrive on making contributions to causes, which help foster a sense of fulfillment.
Teens agree with their parents' values.
Teens also are keenly aware of what is in.
Teens also can be fickle and sometimes shut people out in hurtful ways.
Teens also come to realize that what exists is only one of many possibilities.
Teens also fall asleep at the wheel.
Teens also fuel the ever-growing Christian rock industry.
Teens also gain valuable experience and develop a lifelong commitment to volunteer service.
Teens also get cigarette products from area vending machines.
Teens also get to see the trauma unit where people are recovering from injuries.
Teens also get two magazines written specifically for youth.
Teens also go online to research higher priced items like computers, gaming consoles, and software.
Teens also have great power in determining their health.
Teens also have less experience.
Teens also have special nutritional needs.
Teens also have the benefit of knowing what games are popular among kids right now.
Teens also have to cope with physical growth and change.
Teens also have to deal with issues such as eating disorders, suicide, rape, gangs and drugs.
Teens also learn skills needed for future employment and good citizenship.
Teens also live in family groups, but in single-gender homes.
Teens also love to be bunched up and crowded.
Teens also say flexible schedules are important and they like to work close to home.
Teens also say inadequate family time is one of their top concerns.
Teens also say that using the Internet stimulates offline behaviors.
Teens also say there is also a moral issue at stake.
Teens also scrub like crazy, hoping they can wash away the dirt and oil that make acne worse.
Teens also take educational, cultural and recreational trips in and around the City of Philadelphia.
Teens also take on leadership roles in local clubs and special interest groups.
Teens also tend to set priorities on a horizontal rather than a vertical scale.
Teens also think of smoking as a sign of independence.
Teens also visit the site for facts and stats about teen pregnancy and birth.
Teens also work in non-patient areas doing clerical work, data entry and working in the gift shop.
Teens also worry about their weight.
Teens anals specialty anals images watersport nakedsluts nudecom text teens mcarthy text.
Teens apparently know a great deal more about pop culture.
Teens appear to be the highest risk group for fatal reactions.
Teens apply what they learn in community service projects.
Teens are a high risk group for delivering premature or low birth weight babies.
Teens are a huge business and they represent one of the fastest-growing consumer markets.
Teens are a part of society.
Teens are a particularly difficult group to impress with grim health warnings.
Teens are able to serve liturgically in the music ministry, as Eucharistic ministers and as lectors.
Teens are affluent, but they feel abandoned.
Teens are all that.
Teens are almost impossible to influence in any consistent fashion.
Teens are also at a higher risk of injury on the road.
Teens are also interested in environmental and family issues.
Teens are also likely to be friends with peers of a different ethnic background.
Teens are also likely to perceive an influence by the media and Internet in terms of lifestyles.
Teens are also more likely to engage in risky behavior both online and offline.
Teens are also susceptible to advertisements for beer and wine coolers.
Teens are also susceptible to the lure of cults.
Teens are also trendsetters, most notably among fashion items.
Teens are also unsure whether STDs have long-term effects on males.
Teens are also welcome in most adult classes.
Teens are always there to make fashion statements.
Teens are ambivalent about growing up and act like they have multiple personalities.
Teens are America's future.
Teens are among the heaviest Internet users.
Teens are among the least likely to use belts, particularly when they have been drinking.
Teens are an anomaly.
Teens are an excellent contact lens opportunity.
Teens are at a far greater risk for suicide when there are loaded and accessible guns at home.
Teens are at a greater risk for depression, drug and alcohol use, and bad behavior.
Teens are at high risk for a pregnancy with complications.
Teens are at more risk than other groups from boyfriends, peers, and strangers.
Teens are at risk of becoming emotionally confused and needlessly upset by secret feelings.
Teens are at the highest risk for alcohol-related highway crashes.
Teens are avid internet and social media users in the United States.
Teens are avid online users and a growing force in online purchasing.
Teens are awkward, clumsy, anxious, and unskilled.
Teens are bands.
Teens are both members and volunteers.
Teens are capable of homework.
Teens are capable of smoke.
Teens are capable of volunteers.
Teens are complicated in that they demand both independence and guidance at the same time.
Teens are consumers.
Teens are creatures of the moment.
Teens are curious, imaginative, and have many new ideas about the world.
Teens are currently at the highest risk for life-threatening reactions.
Teens are different when it comes to sleep needs, and it can wreck their grades.
Teens are difficult to reach, and even more difficult to please.
Teens are easy targets for record companies which have a captive audience.
Teens are eligible based on their own income.
Teens are especially in danger from the temptations of the world.
Teens are especially vulnerable when a close family member or friend commits suicide.
Teens are explorers.
Teens are famous for spotting trends and for being alert to what's new.
Teens are far more interested in each other than they are in anything else.
Teens are free moral agents.
Teens are free of the technology phobia that has kept others away from e-commerce.
Teens are fully capable of manipulation.
Teens are generally dependent on others for most aspects of their livelihood.
Teens are getting more of their daily calories from snacks, a new study says.
Teens are great note writers.
Teens are hard to raise.
Teens are hard to scare out of the habit.
Teens are Highly Valuable.
Teens are highly vulnerable to transmission of STDs due to biological, physical and social reasons.
Teens are hollow from the mouth down usually.
Teens are hot.
Teens are hungry all the time.
Teens are hungry to belong to a genuinely loving community.
Teens are in the know.
Teens are in the process of forming a personal identity.
Teens are in training for the real world.
Teens are incredibly capable and insightful.
Teens are incredibly sophisticated readers, turning to books for both information and entertainment.
Teens are inexperienced drivers.
Teens are intense.
Teens are into promotional hot buttons.
Teens are into sterling, especially in toe and thumb rings for summer.
Teens are involved on the planning committee, so they learn how to plan large events.
Teens are just a short distance away from becoming the adults of tomorrow.
Teens are just about the most challenging group for libraries to reach.
Teens are just so finely tuned to the language of clothes and what a particular brand means.
Teens are keenly aware of and jealous about who's getting more attention.
Teens are least likely to wear all the safety gear.
Teens are less likely to pull back from friends than from family.
Teens are likely to log on to music and game sites.
Teens are located in malls.
Teens are more aware of consequences of their actions.
Teens are more efficient at acquiring bone than at any later age.
Teens are more fresh to look at then wrinkled and drugged-out porn stars.
Teens are more interested when smoking is put in the context of other youth issues.
Teens are more likely than adults to be victimized by someone they know .
Teens are more likely than adults to be victimized by someone they know.
Teens are more likely than adults to be victims of crime.
Teens are more likely than people of other ages to commit suicide.
Teens are more likely to be honest with peers.
Teens are more likely to be influenced by romantic, mystic, and idealistic factors.
Teens are more likely to be responsible and follow our wishes if they feel accepted.
Teens are more likely to end up unemployed.
Teens are more likely to face choices about drug and alcohol use, and sex.
Teens are more likely to have multiple partners.
Teens are more likely to have sex if they and their partner have been drinking.
Teens are more likely to include exercise in their weight control plans than adults.
Teens are more likely to open up when they ve picked the time and the topic.
Teens are more likely to use tobacco and alcohol, for example, if their parents do.
Teens are more racist than adults.
Teens are more than capable at making informed choices when they are armed with the facts.
Teens are more violent.
Teens are much more likely to talk with their mother than their father about personal problems.
Teens are naturally suspicious of adults.
Teens are notorious for cutting corners.
Teens are notorious for their motivation to do something as long as it's something they want to do.
Teens are now able to think abstractly.
Teens are often bored and attend church only to obey their parents.
Teens are often concerned with privacy and body image.
Teens are often embarrassed to speak in public or express themselves in person.
Teens are often incapable of the moral judgment that is a strong deterrent to peer pressure.
Teens are often secretive about having been sexually abused.
Teens are often victims of fraud and scams.
Teens are on the go.
Teens are one of the fastest growing vegetarian populations.
Teens are one of the groups most at risk for contracting STDs.
Teens are one of the most misunderstood groups in the United States.
Teens are our greatest resource.
Teens are overwhelmingly the biggest new-customer base for tobacco companies.
Teens are part of adulthood.
Teens are particularly vulnerable to the advertising appeals of tobacco companies.
Teens are peer driven.
Teens are philosophical and appreciate being asked for their viewpoint.
Teens are physically more vulnerable to infection.
Teens are powerful because they have stregth to do a project.
Teens are powerful consumers.
Teens are pre-disposed to taking risks and exhibiting reckless driving.
Teens are prone to hormonal change.
Teens are prone to prejudice everyday.
Teens are prone to think that that there is no reward for leading a moral life, except boredom.
Teens are quick to learn that when one makes good choices, good things happen.
Teens are quick to realize when parents are all bluster and when limits are really meaningless.
Teens are rather sophisticated about health issues.
Teens are reluctant to seek help from adults.
Teens are resilient, and a caring person can make a big difference.
Teens are responsible for the feeding and care of the livestock and plants.
Teens are sensitive about being judged - positively as well as negatively.
Teens are sensitive about being judged-positively as well as negatively.
Teens are sensitive to mutually respectful conversations.
Teens are sexy.
Teens are smart.
Teens are so different from most people.
Teens are so good at covering up.
Teens are still children and are impressionable.
Teens are still teens.
Teens are sweet.
Teens are takin' care of business Starting out can sometimes be rough.
Teens are teens but teen amatuers fuck anal ass and cum on blonde and brunette tits and ass.
Teens are the best exhibitionists.
Teens are the biggest Web surfing population and also make up one of the largest consumer markets.
Teens are the casualties in a religious war over sexual morals.
Teens are the fastest growing segment of the nation's fastest growing educational movement.
Teens are the final arbiters of taste.
Teens are the future of Jewish life.
Teens are the hardest to create for.
Teens are the most inexperienced age group on the road.
Teens are the new market for self-improvement books.
Teens are the next generation in the pro-life movement.
Teens are the next largest group.
Teens are the worst.
Teens are their own best advocates.
Teens are tireless in backing a worthy cause.
Teens are to lie to their parents, wives to their husbands.
Teens are toddlers with hormones.
Teens are too picky and the hardware is too expensive.
Teens are trickier.
Teens are twice as likely to commit suicide as anyone else is.
Teens are typically aware of death.
Teens are typically secretive and independent.
Teens are unaware that threats to self-esteem lurk in the popular culture.
Teens are under constant pressure from today's society to be sexually active.
Teens are under pressure to experiment with alcohol.
Teens are unique and they are tuned in to their own needs and their own desires.
Teens are usually more pretty since they are younger.
Teens are usually prettier since they are younger.
Teens are usually very anxious and sensitive about their physical appearance.
Teens are usually very responsible when given the chance to take charge over their own lives.
Teens are very egocentric.
Teens are very important because they are the future of the society.
Teens are very private people, especially with their parents.
Teens are very vulnerable to depression when a mother is depressed but untreated.
Teens are vulnerable to the crowd.
Teens are welcome and encouraged to come out and participate, no experience is necessary.
Teens are welcome at Family Week and form an important part of the community.
Teens are welcome for all services.
Teens are welcome for pregnancy testing, exams, prenatal care, and more.
Teens are welcome to attend any of the sessions throughout the conference.
Teens are welcome to come to all four meetings at both libraries.
Teens are welcome to participate in the adult program.
Teens are welcome to stop by and ask questions on starting any business.
Teens are welcome.
Teens arrive at the shelter in one of three ways.
Teens ask and parents respond.
Teens attend the training workshop.
Teens attending sports or youth camps pay the regular conference rate.
Teens be sure and visit A Special Message to Teenagers .
Teens become involved in relationships with older males for a variety of reasons.
Teens become sexually aroused leading to sexual experimentation.
Teens begin smoking without choosing a brand.
Teens begin to have strong sexual urges, and many become sexually active.
Teens begin to work out their relationships with their peers to find out how they fit in.
Teens Being a teenager nowadays is so very difficult.
Teens believe in family.
Teens best teach each other.
Teens bring their babies to the center and then go to school for regular classes.
Teens build leadership skills, learn Teamwork and have an adventure.
Teens can also bring books to read to their grandparent, or photo albums to share together.
Teens can also find moderated chat groups, games, news, events, and much more.
Teens can also find online and hands-on activities, and science fair ideas.
Teens can also interact with the site, suggesting web site links and voicing opinions.
Teens can also learn the skills of archery and even create model rockets.
Teens can also look closer to home.
Teens can also participate in polls periodically to voice their opinions on current issues.
Teens can also respond to surveys on topics of interest.
Teens can also save their job earnings.
Teens can also share in some of the responsibility of cooking and meal planning.
Teens can also submit book reviews and recommend websites.
Teens can also submit stories they have written for publication online.
Teens can also use their diabetes as the tinderbox in igniting the fires of adolescent rebellion.
Teens can also voice their opinions.
Teens can also volunteer in soup kitchens as well.
Teens can anticipate developing friendships as well as engaging in uplifting services together.
Teens can attend as often as they like and are under no pressure to finish a set number of boxes.
Teens can attend in person if they want.
Teens can be easy targets for peer pressure and bad advice.
Teens can be fascinating people when the distractions of everyday life are removed.
Teens can be jealous of the new marriage and resent it when the couple spends private time together.
Teens can be moody and there are struggles, but most teens get along well with their parents.
Teens can be safe drivers.
Teens can be supportive and respectful of the sexual limits of others.
Teens can be unreasonable, illogical and self-centered.
Teens can become alcohol dependent in as few as six months.
Teens can become members and meet others who share their interests.
Teens can browse through the listings to find a job.
Teens can carry their pagers, nail polish and handheld video games.
Teens can cause helpful, physical changes in their brains over time.
Teens can chat with friends they met at the Feast.
Teens can check the family calendar from friends' homes or the library.
Teens can choose from just about any color or style, too.
Teens can choose to go to the other rooms for activities of their choice.
Teens can design authentic programs that speak to their real needs.
Teens can do all of the above, plus mending and more advanced ironing.
Teens can do likewise.
Teens can easily become addicted to smoking before they're even smoking a cigarette a day.
Teens can easily get alcohol from adults in both social and commercial settings.
Teens can easily put together a wrap sandwich for a quick afterschool snack.
Teens can enjoy a loud concert without hearing loss by wearing ear plugs.
Teens can enjoy a loud concert without hearing loss by wearing earplugs.
Teens can enjoy table tennis in the recreation room, as well as volleyball on the beach.
Teens can explore the reasons they feel alone and depressed from a personal perspective.
Teens can gain job skills while helping others.
Teens can get a work permit from the issuing officer at the school they attend.
Teens can get the hang of paying for things with a plastic card.
Teens can go there and share without their parents' permission or knowledge, and it's free.
Teens can have a lot on their minds .
Teens can have an electronic place to meet other teens of the congregation.
Teens can have intimacy, and still be safe.
Teens can have remarkable insights.
Teens can help develop messages that make a difference.
Teens can help plan family meals, prepare shopping lists and shop for food.
Teens can learn and grow from exploring the natural world.
Teens can learn anything anytime through their friends, the Internet, movies and television.
Teens can learn babysitting skills, arts and crafts, or architecture.
Teens can learn how to create their own web page.
Teens can learn to design fantasy bikes, skateboards and motorcycles after a guided tour.
Teens can learn to design their own fantasy bikes, skateboards, motorcycles after a guided tour.
Teens can learn to manage their money by creating a budget worksheet.
Teens can listen to their music through earphones.
Teens can make a difference.
Teens can obtain birth control confidentially without permission from a parent.
Teens can participate in activities, social events and outings.
Teens can participate in casino night, glow in the dark fun and canoe trips.
Teens can participate in leadership camps and help during times of disaster in our shelters.
Teens can participate in service learning projects to help their community's natural environment.
Teens can play basketball with equipment and supervision supplied by the Park District.
Teens can post a profile for the purpose of finding new penpals.
Teens can put resumes on the Web site and check out job postings.
Teens can really benefit from messages like that.
Teens can receive hands-on Internet training and work on projects of their choice.
Teens can recommend web sites and submit book reviews.
Teens can register for an interactive quit calendar to help kick the habit of smoking.
Teens can report criminal activity quickly and privately.
Teens can research by state or by type of work.
Teens can serve as mentors to the younger members.
Teens can share individual or group creative talent in music, the arts, drama, spoken word and more.
Teens can sing with the adult chorus.
Teens can sometimes miss out on acitivites because of poor planning.
Teens can start to get help with binge eating by letting a trusted adult know about the problem.
Teens can submit e-mail questions to be answered by panelists in the sessions.
Teens can submit short stories, poems, editorial and feedback.
Teens can submit their own questions.
Teens can suffer swelling and pain for days following a piercing.
Teens can swim, play basketball or racquetball, swim, dance and use the computers.
Teens can take adult classes.
Teens can talk about social issues and find jokes, music, and their horoscope.
Teens can talk to a responsible adult right away.
Teens can type reports, essays, or general schoolwork.
Teens can use the center's interactive games and CD-ROMs to explore their own health concerns.
Teens can volunteer after school, school holidays or as part of their school internship program.
Teens can wipe out acne at a stroke.
Teens can work out with free weights while gaining knowledge from experienced staff.
Teens can work out with free weights, machine weights and bicycles.
Teens can work towards incentive prizes by reading and other activities throughout the summer.
Teens care about everything and pretend to care about nothing that s the magic secret of teenagers.
Teens celebrate Confirmation between the Sophomore and Junior year of high school.
Teens certainly appear to be a difficult demographic group to get hold of.
Teens challenged by racism, hatred, and violence find strength through hope and humor.
Teens click here .
Teens come in for one visit with their parental figures, and one visit with their closest friend.
Teens come off the street.
Teens come to think that suicide as their only option that suicide is the only way to find help.
Teens come together for socializing, music and dancing.
Teens come with a whole new set of parenting concerns.
Teens commit suicide.
Teens complain there's no place to go but the mall.
Teens complete the homework.
Teens conform to dangerous images of beauty, and eating disorders abound.
Teens confront a number of obstacles when they try to find part-time and summer employment.
Teens connect disabled individuals with pet friends.
Teens continue to rank drugs as the single most important problem they face.
Teens contribute by working with staff to lead younger campers in various recreational activities.
Teens counter their parents monitoring by insisting increasingly on their privacy.
Teens cruise by.
Teens deal with sexuality daily.
Teens dealing with divorcing parents feel their own pain of fear and lack of trust in adults.
Teens dealing with the questions of sexual orientation are at greater risk for suicide.
Teens debate what movies they watch and what music they listen to.
Teens describe their injuries on the job.
Teens deserve to know the truth.
Teens design their own programs.
Teens determine each show's topic, and identify guests.
Teens develop and test lesson plans and sequence learning experiences for youth.
Teens develop their abstract thinking capacities.
Teens develop worthwhile leadership skills and cultural diversity awareness.
Teens die everyday.
Teens die in crash And other news for the area.
Teens die in traffic crashes even in Holmes County.
Teens differ in defining the relationship between love and sex.
Teens discover they are responsible for their own communication and decisions.
Teens discuss and debate a different topic each issue.
Teens discuss coping with grief and learn age-appropriate creative therapies.
Teens discuss driving-related topics.
Teens discuss the importance of learning how to be assertive in resisting pressure.
Teens do change their minds about placement.
Teens do have a choice and the responsibility to make the right choice.
Teens do have a choice, and the responsibility to make the right choice.
Teens do want parents in their lives.
Teens don t just live in the now.
Teens don t want to be controlled.
Teens don t want to play by our rules.
Teens drink for many reasons.
Teens drink for the effect.
Teens drink tea too.
Teens drink to get drunk.
Teens earn valuable community service experience while helping seniors with household tasks.
Teens easily can mask their mental illness with substance abuse and behavioral problems.
Teens eat what looks appetizing at the moment that they feel hunger coming on.
Teens encourage parents to buy specific brands.
Teens enjoy a night out for pizza.
Teens enjoy a separate teen room complete with stereo, ping-pong, foosball and pool tables.
Teens enjoy bicycling, art and mixing poolside to their music favorites.
Teens enjoy satellite TV, but they watch it as an act of rebellion.
Teens enjoy the challenge of tree climbing and doing something different.
Teens especially crave friends.
Teens even have their own nightclub, complete with DJ and karaoke.
Teens everywhere are publishing zines.
Teens exert a strong influence over one another, too.
Teens experience a variety of risk factors that can lead to pregnancy.
Teens experience internal turmoil because they are pulled in two different directions.
Teens experience the highest rates of violent crime .
Teens explore a variety of exercise options, including step aerobics, plyometrics and jogging.
Teens explore how television stereotypes women, minorities and others.
Teens express themselves through the way they dress.
Teens face a lot of pressure to have sex.
Teens face a whirlwind of emotions, choices and pressures.
Teens face many pressures today.
Teens face pressures to have sex, from their partners as well as their friends.
Teens face the same challenges women of all childbearing years face.
Teens face tough choices daily that affect their health.
Teens facing adolescent sexuality pressures and surprises have many good sources of help.
Teens fare best in the state, while trends for infant mortality and child poverty remain troubling.
Teens favor more edgy shapes and finishes with rectangles and octagons - a hip alternative to ovals.
Teens fear being away from school and friends.
Teens feel good about helping someone else.
Teens feel invulnerable.
Teens feel more comfortable talking in casual conversation.
Teens feel more pressure to excel and find less time to sleep.
Teens feel more pressure to have sex and in having more pressure causes low self- esteem.
Teens fight supermodel thin image.
Teens fill out surveys in the magazine each fall and results are presented in a spring cover story.
Teens find few problems with smoking, after the initial side effects of getting started.
Teens find hours zip away when they hook up to the Internet.
Teens find it a challenge and can often find others in their age group to share the experience.
Teens find lots of imperfections.
Teens find out who they are, where they're going, and how to make healthy choices.
Teens find security in structure although few ever admit it to parents.
Teens find the place entrancingly bohemian.
Teens find themes of self-destruction, depression and anger mirrored in their music.
Teens focus a lot on the future and the past.
Teens follow adults' example without hesitation in growing numbers.
Teens fuck each other in every position.
Teens generally are a segment of society underserved with medical treatment.
Teens generally do better if they get extra help, particularly with insulin dosage.
Teens generally make selections, especially for school assignments, from the adult collection.
Teens get a bad rap.
Teens get acne because of all the hormones that come with puberty.
Teens get an opportunity to learn the law of the harvest first-hand.
Teens get drugs easily by talking to people who know someone in the business.
Teens get most of their anti-drug messages from radio.
Teens get pregnant.
Teens get real .
Teens get the credit card and the bill, but parents are legally responsible.
Teens get the top tier cells.
Teens get their money from baby boomers.
Teens get their own account with a user ID and password and the freedom of shopping online.
Teens get their own private hangout space, called Entourage.
Teens getting involved in recreation and community activities is what TRAC is all about.
Teens Getting Real about their futures after high school is an interesting site.
Teens go out as a group for lunch.
Teens go through growth spurts which trigger growth hormone peaking overnight.
Teens go through many heartbreaks in their lives revolving around romance.
Teens go through the same things every day at any school.
Teens go through tough times and are emotionally unbalanced.
Teens go to a sex club, where one kid ends up hanging from a harness.
Teens go to a sex club.
Teens go to malls and movies, watch TV and ram around in cars for enough stimulation to get tired.
Teens hang out in malls.
Teens has the largest enrollment per session of any gymnastics club in the Washington, DC area.
Teens have a choice to do what they want with their body and lives.
Teens have a difficult time dealing with parental dating and sexuality.
Teens have a great opportunity to build bone for strong, healthy, independent lives.
Teens have a greater opportunity to use drugs than parents believe.
Teens have a hard time earning money and keeping it.
Teens have a junkanoo cruise available in Nassau.
Teens have a larger amount of homework than younger children.
Teens have a LOT of attitudes.
Teens have a lot of money to spend and have strong ideas on what to spend it on.
Teens have a natural tendency to oppose their parents and their parent s opinions.
Teens have a place here too.
Teens have a place to focus their values, faith, and purpose in life.
Teens have a social conscience.
Teens have a tendency to want to spend less time with their families and more time with friends.
Teens have a tremendous amount of influence over family spending.
Teens have a tremendous number of academic, extracurricular and social pressures.
Teens have a variety of sources available for information regarding sexuality.
Teens have a very different profile of cyberfaith interests than do their elders.
Teens have a very different way of expressing themselves.
Teens have a wonderful energy, freshness, and vigor.
Teens have access to a full video production facility.
Teens have an opportunity to work with younger children while under the supervision of a counselor.
Teens have different reasons for sticking with art.
Teens have fragile egos.
Teens have friends, interests, jobs, cars, school, tests, weekends, night life, etc.
Teens have full control over the planning, money collection and expenditures.
Teens have fun with their friends while addressing issues they believe in.
Teens have higher risk pregnancies.
Teens have literacy and language barrier problems.
Teens have many creative ways to retaliate.
Teens have more opportunity today than they ever did before.
Teens have no trouble riding the tour, if they have trained.
Teens have notoriously poor eating behaviors, whether steak or sprout based.
Teens have o disposable income and few responsibilities.
Teens have one foot in childhood, and the other in adulthood.
Teens have sex earlier if they think their friends are having sex Teen girls date older guys .
Teens have sex, and they have babies and get STDs.
Teens have such a broad range of interests.
Teens have the freedom and independence to shop while parents have peace of mind.
Teens have the opportunity to learn to appreciate, and therefore respect, law enforcement.
Teens have the opportunity to participate in regional, state and national events.
Teens have the opportunity to receive professional instruction in a creatively upbeat environment.
Teens have the opportunity to take part in art therapy groups and activities.
Teens have their doubts.
Teens have their own club, called X-treme Readers.
Teens have their own exclusive club.
Teens have their own issues, their own persuasion trigger points, their own pressures.
Teens have their own large private club just for teens, which is the way they like it.
Teens have their own youth events as well as a Bible study group.
Teens have to have money, but some ways to earn it are better than others.
Teens have to learn how to think things through for themselves.
Teens have to see it, live it, and want it.
Teens have to start taking responsibility for themselves.
Teens Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Teens help get treatment center ready . . .
Teens help keep each other on the right track.
Teens help with animals, raise funds, and promote awareness of animal issues in our area.
Teens help with animals, raise funds, and promote awareness of animal issues in the area.
Teens Helping Teens Being a teenager is hard enough on it's own, much less having dyslexia too.
Teens here are either sex-mad or devoutly Christian virgins.
Teens identify with people they admire.
Teens improve on prevention of pregnancy.
Teens increasingly face cultural conflicts, sometimes within their own household.
Teens indicate they're most concerned about violence in school, drug and alcohol abuse and crime.
Teens insist that the dance floor has no correlation to the bedroom.
Teens interact with and support one another.
Teens introduce the seniors to e-mail, the Internet, and basic word processing.
Teens involve and teach other teens to teach younger youth.
Teens just end up frozen like a deer in headlights.
Teens just get too embarrassed.
Teens just love it.
Teens kill classmates and teachers at school.
Teens know all about what s rad.
Teens know most about their own interests and tastes.
Teens know that if they drink alcohol or do drugs they do so at their own risk.
Teens know what they see on TV isn t real.
Teens learn about events and meet their counselors.
Teens learn about world hunger first hand.
Teens learn and earn with Web-page design .
Teens learn and support one another.
Teens learn anger management techniques.
Teens learn from each other's experiences and insights.
Teens learn from their mistakes, just like anyone else.
Teens learn how to inhale on nicotine cigarettes before smoking pot.
Teens learn how to manage nicotine withdrawal and how to prevent relapses.
Teens learn how to navigate terrain and use a compass.
Teens learn how to say no to abuse and the importance of building healthy positive relationships.
Teens learn leadership by leading and become partners in solving community problems.
Teens learn manners and self control.
Teens learn new skills, and begin and build lifelong friendships.
Teens learn special skills and provide much-needed respite for parents.
Teens learn the characteristics of groups and explore biblical concepts of team development.
Teens learn the fundamentals of live figure drawing, body proportion, etc.
Teens learn the negative impact of drug use with simulations.
Teens learn to drive in three days.
Teens learn to evaluate when and why they smoke and to set obtainable goals.
Teens learn to improve communication with parents and strengthen their bond with siblings.
Teens learn to overcome their feelings of isolation, confusion, and self-doubt.
Teens lend their voices and music to ads that challenge stereotypes.
Teens Let's face it, it's hard growing up in today's world.
Teens lie to parents to escape the pain of punishment for coming home late.
Teens like to do their own thing, preferably with little parental interference.
Teens like to feel older and mature, and to figure things out on their own.
Teens like to feel that they are contributing something.
Teens like to feel that they can handle life on their own.
Teens like to interact more than merely read.
Teens like to piss and drink pee after they have been holding it for a while.
Teens like to share their creativity and like to wear their own fashions.
Teens link is very brief, as is kids link.
Teens list television as one of the primary sources for information about sex.
Teens listen to their peers Profiles of perpetrators of school shootings are still being studied.
Teens live and work with a group of eight peers and two instructors who rotate in weekly shifts.
Teens live every day with the reality of easily available drugs.
Teens live in a culture that is completely unknown to their parents.
Teens live in a structured, therapeutic setting while family counseling is conducted.
Teens live in a terribly competitive world.
Teens look ahead and think about their future.
Teens lose identity, dependence, and the security of childhood.
Teens love it.
Teens love pizza, popcorn or cookies.
Teens love rock stars.
Teens love sex having the bitches with a personals pertaining to freesex.
Teens love the from factory live sex cams.
Teens love their feminism, their superpowers and their style.
Teens love to collect.
Teens love to do something they think they can get away with.
Teens love to give adults advice.
Teens love to just get together, talk and listen to music.
Teens mainly play the loud music to attract attention.
Teens make fewer online purchases possibly because of limited access to credit cards.
Teens make great tutors.
Teens make public commitments to live a drug free lifestyle.
Teens make up the largest group having second trimester abortions.
Teens make up the primary audience of the show.
Teens meet during the second service in the annex.
Teens meet for the purpose of encouraging younger children to get excited about reading.
Teens meet informally in groups to discuss issues or concerns.
Teens meet separately.
Teens mill around, shouting over the pounding music.
Teens minister the word, lead worship, pray for other needs.
Teens moon the passengers on a boat.
Teens move as a mass of mass consumers.
Teens move at their own pace and learn to work and live cooperatively within the peer community.
Teens nationwide can respond to the articles by e-mail and post stories on the site.
Teens needing health care remain our focus.
Teens now have a place to scan for area activities.
Teens now swoon for pop singers and dance to rhythm and blues.
Teens obviously understand the difference between medicine and drug abuse.
Teens only drop in clinic, no cost.
Teens ought to know the risks and consequences of their sexual activity.
Teens participate in a variety of experiential learning activities.
Teens participate in age-appropriate activities.
Teens participate in educational activities and interact with others facing similar challenges.
Teens participate in fitness and conditioning sports.
Teens participate in group counseling as well as regularly scheduled family counseling.
Teens participate in some adult sessions daily.
Teens participate with the adults or assist with the children.
Teens pissing are kinda sexy though.
Teens pissing is an interesting concept since they all piss just about every day.
Teens pitch in to help out the adults.
Teens plan an outing around coed skinny-dipping.
Teens plan own activities with emphasis on adventure.
Teens portray the part of a piano student.
Teens possess an incredible amount of raw talent.
Teens practice safer sex more consistently than never married adults.
Teens prepare and practice presentations for youth in school classrooms or in youth organizations.
Teens produce their own summer reading game.
Teens promote healthy lifestyles.
Teens rank drugs as the single most important problem facing people their age.
Teens read from a selected list of books, then vote on their favorite book of the year.
Teens read passages from their favorite books.
Teens realize that their actions do indeed have consequences.
Teens receive a prize for each four hours of reading.
Teens receive coaching from experienced leaders to turn their visions into reality.
Teens receive community service hours for school.
Teens receive completely free care, and services for adults are based on a sliding-fee scale.
Teens receive help with their homework and participate in fun activities.
Teens receive training to volunteer as prosecutors, defense attorneys and jurists.
Teens recite scripts and practice saying no without jeopardizing friendship.
Teens recognize the real thing.
Teens register for a separate program with a special gameboard and reading activities.
Teens relate their experiences with choices about becoming sexually active.
Teens relish a day in the park.
Teens remember the music popular from their first car, their first kiss, etc.
Teens report little problem obtaining tobacco, alcohol or marijuana.
Teens represent enormous purchasing power and influence on family purchase behavior.
Teens represent the park district as they help other community agencies and events.
Teens require guidance.
Teens resist the rules of their camp director and take over the camp, letting chaos reign supreme.
Teens respond to reasons and example better than to orders.
Teens respond to teens.
Teens review what they've been reading.
Teens run away from home.
Teens run the club by serving as Officers and members vote on all decisions affecting the club.
Teens save their money for gas for their cars and to get cigarettes.
Teens Say . . .
Teens say it's easier to talk to their mothers than their fathers about illegal drugs.
Teens say that cigarettes are now more difficult to buy, but marijuana is easier to get.
Teens say that peer pressure is the thing they most dislike about being a teenager.
Teens say that spending time with friends is one of their favorite things at school.
Teens say their baby boomer administrators are hypocrites.
Teens say they are cute, trendy, less bitter, and are more natural than regular cigarettes.
Teens say they're cute, trendy, less bitter and more natural than domestic smokes.
Teens see their elders' lives and priorities as less relevant to their own.
Teens seem so much more adult like than when a teen.
Teens seem to be growing up without a sense of purpose.
Teens seem to show polyarthralgia.
Teens seem to think they re better drivers than they are.
Teens sexgif personality has target shaved sluts.
Teens share only what they want, when they want.
Teens share some little known reptile trivia.
Teens share their experiences.
Teens share tips on tackling anger and frustration constructively.
Teens sharing problems with other teens who help find solutions can be beneficial.
Teens shoot their classmates.
Teens show a healthy self-respect.
Teens show discrete manic and depressive episodes.
Teens show most interest in e-mail, web pages and information on community leaders.
Teens sing, pray and reflect on scripture and it's application to their life.
Teens sit in judgment of their peers, and they re often tougher than adult courts.
Teens speak candidly and with faith about their own losses.
Teens spend a lot of energy thinking about their bodies.
Teens spend a week involved in work projects and spend some time in inner city Philadelphia.
Teens spend about three hours daily on the Web.
Teens spend billions of dollars a year.
Teens spend less time than they used to with their families.
Teens spend the entire day on the water learning basic sailing maneuvers.
Teens spending power is incremental sales to the overall department.
Teens stay free.
Teens still care what their parents think.
Teens still die for talking about sex.
Teens still rule.
Teens still sit on the pavement, loiter in doorways, and roam the street in packs.
Teens stop using drugs when they become aware of the risks involved.
Teens struggle to make sense of their lives.
Teens submit links to their favorite sites.
Teens swarm for music and fun.
Teens Take Action available at the press conference.
Teens Take Action available on site.
Teens take criticism badly from anyone and are particularly sensitive to peer group judgments.
Teens take incredible camping adventures across the country and enjoy fun summer activities.
Teens take pictures of their new friends.
Teens take the initiative in helping their youth ministry programs support and care for teens.
Teens take the lead.
Teens taking the initiative can help their youth ministry programs support and care for teens.
Teens talk about . . .
Teens talk about dating, intimacy, and their sexual experiences.
Teens talk about it here.
Teens talk about life with the pump.
Teens talk about the pump.
Teens talk about their experiences with sex.
Teens Talk about Violence.
Teens talk at an open house in Portland last fall.
Teens talk freely about what happens among their friends.
Teens talk on video .
Teens talk race in a nationwide attitude survey.
Teens talk to Teens.
Teens Talk to Teens.
Teens Talk with other teens about relationships, music, sports, parents and school.
Teens taunt an elderly, homeless woman.
Teens teach children using their prepared lessons.
Teens teach drug lessons Former abusers tell students about the harmful effects of drugs.
Teens Tell Lies Dealing with it and understanding it.
Teens Tell Lies.
Teens tell their personal accounts and expand on the paths they each chose to follow.
Teens tell their stories of the danger of mixing alcohol and sex.
Teens tend to be either very good at covering things up.
Teens tend to be less comfortable than adults talking about sexual topics.
Teens tend to be very idealistic.
Teens tend to cause trouble there.
Teens tend to conform to peer norms.
Teens tend to drink less milk than younger children do.
Teens tend to get acne in what is called the t-zone, the forehead, nose and chin.
Teens tend to have lower self-esteem and are more influenced by personal relationships.
Teens tend to have normal to oily skin.
Teens tend to latch on to whatever is juicy or somewhat gross.
Teens tend to miss an occasional period, but that is normal.
Teens tend to reflect their dysphoria with action rather than words.
Teens tend to shy away from clothing that mimics the style of their grandparents.
Teens tend to sleep irregular hours, staying up late and sleeping in until noon.
Teens tend to speed, middle-aged people talk on the phone and senior citizens drive too slow.
Teens tend to stay up later and wake up later than either children or adults.
Teens tend to underestimate risks and overestimate their own abilities.
Teens tend to use their safety belts less than other drivers do.
Teens tend to work in industries highly susceptible to robbery and assaults.
Teens think and reason differently than adults.
Teens think becoming vegetarian means eating salads and carrots.
Teens think of themselves as living forever.
Teens think school mathematics is anything but useful, and there they are wrong.
Teens think their parents totally lack understanding.
Teens thrive if they have the right self-image.
Teens thrive on opportunities to learn from their own mistakes.
Teens throw a keg party.
Teens thrown out of school have no place else to go.
Teens travel and work in groups.
Teens try to be independent from parents, and older parents seek independence from younger people.
Teens typically download most of their software for free from the Web.
Teens typically feel that they and their friends are impervious to death and disease.
Teens typically lack the physical or emotional maturity of twenty-somethings or older.
Teens uncover foreign intrigue involving a visiting prime minister who is visiting their town.
Teens underestimate the addictive effects of cigarettes.
Teens undergo shake up physically, psychologically, emotionally, and socially.
Teens use a glowing array of sports equipment or just hang out and listen to music.
Teens use alcohol more than any other substance.
Teens use and rely on newspapers for advertising information.
Teens use drugs because they are bored.
Teens use fashion to determine cliques such as prep, jock, punk, or gangster.
Teens use instant Internet access sites for games, talking to computers, and simply going online.
Teens use it as a source of entertainment and information.
Teens Use it like a credit card online or at the mall.
Teens use radio constantly without ever having had to obtain a certificate.
Teens use slang words in sentences to make the sentences shorter, faster and easier to say.
Teens use SMS to stay in constant touch with their peers.
Teens use the Internet primarily to socialize.
Teens use the stuff.
Teens use their creative energy to spread that drug-free message to others.
Teens volunteer as lawyers, bailiffs and jurors.
Teens volunteer for an hour each week during volunteer sessions.
Teens volunteer for many reasons.
Teens welcome .
Teens welcome in children's department.
Teens welcome to volunteer.
Teens welcome, no partner necessary.
Teens work in hospitals and nursing homes in areas relatively remote from hazardous chemicals.
Teens work together to move furniture that is no longer usable.
Teens work with writing mentors to select and edit written pieces and artwork for the magazine.
Teens always seem to work better and longer when food is available.
Teens frequently assume parenting roles in their family and assume the role of protector.
Teens frequently engage in negative behaviors, do poorly at school and become rebellious.
Teens frequently question and challenge school and parental rules.
Teens often adopt the standards of people they admire.
Teens often believe that all of their friends are having sex.
Teens often blame lack of time, homework, and simply a lack of interest and motivation.
Teens often blurt things out or want to talk at strange and inconvenient times.
Teens often blurt things out or want to talk at strange or inconvenient times.
Teens often carry feelings of hopelessness about ever making a difference in the world.
Teens often check their email before they check their voicemail.
Teens often come home, go into their bedrooms and close the doors.
Teens often compete to see who can be the most cutting-edge, and fashion is no exception.
Teens often complain that their parents don t have a life.
Teens often do well with a weekend crash treatment.
Teens often drive smaller or older-model cars because they're cheaper.
Teens often fall prey to deceptive business practices because they are na ve and lack experience.
Teens often feel confused over society's messages about what is appropriate behaviour.
Teens often feel that adults are too old for sexual intercourse.
Teens often feel that their schools provide little in the way of support .
Teens often feel that their schools provide little in the way of support.
Teens often feel that they have to drink to be accepted by the group.
Teens often feel they are unable to use the helping systems available to older persons.
Teens often get a bad rap for being lazy, careless, sloppy, loud and impulsive.
Teens often go through moody, withdrawn periods.
Teens often go to the mall or the movies together.
Teens often have poor eating habits.
Teens often have questions about their faith.
Teens often hold a painful, secret sense of shame about their troubling feelings.
Teens often lose their coats in bizarre fashion, from top to bottom, or front to rear.
Teens often overestimate the percentage of their peers that are sexually experienced.
Teens often play around with pot, thinking it is harmless fun and no different from alcohol.
Teens often prefer to be examined alone.
Teens often push the limits of rules set in the home.
Teens often reach out to another teen's parent if the door is left open.
Teens often respond to distress by trying to handle it alone or by talking to other teens.
Teens often run through cash without knowing where it went.
Teens often see warning signs and demands for identification as obstacles to be overcome.
Teens often seek out adults other than their parents to discuss sensitive matters like sex.
Teens often seem to develop the habit of saying yes to stupid or dangerous behavior.
Teens often shrug and say that oral sex never made anyone pregnant.
Teens often talk about what they intend to do before they do it.
Teens often talk to counselors about suicide or low self-esteem.
Teens often think they know the risks of such ventures as drinking, drug use, sex and violence.
Teens often use drugs because of peer pressure.
Teens often use drugs because they have no one to talk to or nowhere to go for help.
Teens often use either buses or subways to get to their destinations.
Teens often use their appearance to make a clear statement about who they are.
Teens often work with staff in the petting zoo and aviary.
Teens sometimes see sexual activity as a way of being liked or accepted.
Teens sometimes share earrings, razors or toothbrushes.
Teens sometimes take their parent's gun without permission.
Teens sometimes take things literally and act on advice a little too hastily.
Teens sometimes think as long as the automobile has gasoline, it's in good shape.
Teens sometimes turn to drugs.
Teens usually have to juggle several classes with different teachers.
All teen ghouls, goblins, skeletons and monsters welcome.
All teens are at risk, the foundation says.
All teens are at risk.
All teens are legal.
All teens are sacred.
All teens are surly and mouthy at some point.
All teens are welcome to come and share their ideas and be part of the planning for upcoming months.
All teens are welcome to come for a devotional, movie, and just fun.
All teens are welcome.
All teens are Welcome.
All teens deserve information on sexuality.
All teens enjoy free admission to the museum.
All teens experience sadness.
All teens experience some form of acne during puberty.
All teens face some sort of psycho-social problems during adolescence.
All teens go through the process of preparing themselves for independance from their parents.
All teens grow at the same rate.
All teens have anti-drugs.
All teens have their hangouts.
All teens have to make sexual decisions.
All teens make sexual decisions.
All teens welcome.
Every teen has a story to tell.
Every teen is taught horsemanship and required to take a short trail ride.
Every teen knows that stress and tension can induce acne flare ups.
Every teen reacts differently to common stresses, disappointments or losses.
Every teens cherishes dreams.
Many teen chat site enjoy hungry before noisy, nor bird complete they.
Many teens admit the idea of leaving the secure haven of Guam is daunting.
Many teens already copy fashion styles that they see on their favorite music artist.
Many teens also report benefits in developing friendships with peers facing similar situations.
Many teens also volunteer their time for special events and fundraisers held by the zoo.
Many teens are apparently unaware of the health dangers posed by smoking bidis.
Many teens are either obese or worried about dieting.
Many teens are mature despite the negative connotation that is often attached to their age group.
Many teens are more sexually active than parents recognize.
Many teens are more than eager to believe that.
Many teens are repeat customers.
Many teens are scared to see a counselor for fear of being singled out as weak.
Many teens are sexually active and STDs remain a serious threat to their health.
Many teens are sluggish, sedentary, and overweight.
Many teens are surly, sleep-starved, snapping at random little things.
Many teens are unaware of the dangers involved from mixing inhalants with other drugs.
Many teens are worried about hurting the other person's feelings.
Many teens attending the program are behind in reading, writing or math skills.
Many teens become victims of sexual assault while they are in chat rooms on the internet.
Many teens begin smoking to look older and more mature.
Many teens begin smoking to relieve stress.
Many teens believe that they are personally invulnerable to harm.
Many teens believe they are in love.
Many teens can find some great inexpensive clothing to go along with the latest fashions.
Many teens can suffer from clinical depression.
Many teens come with a sense of bravado.
Many teens complain that so-called Christian adults are no different from anyone else.
Many teens decide to delay having sex until they are older, married, or feel more comfortable.
Many teens describe puberty as being on a roller coaster of emotions.
Many teens desire to be sexually pure but lack the practical knowledge and skill to say no.
Many teens die every year from drinking and driving.
Many teens dislike the chore of writing blood sugar results in a log book.
Many teens dislike the idea of taking medication.
Many teens dislike the shipping and handling aspect of e-commerce.
Many teens do say no when pressured by peers.
Many teens do things because of low self-esteem.
Many teens do, but no one knows how many.
Many teens dress inappropriately as an act of rebelling against adults.
Many teens drink because of peer pressure or just to fit in.
Many teens drink due to peer pressure.
Many teens eagerly await their first job for a number of reasons.
Many teens eat a lot of fast food.
Many teens enjoy virtual chat room conversations and the removal of geographic barriers.
Many teens experience a time when keeping up with school work is difficult.
Many teens fantasize, or daydream about relationships and sex.
Many teens fantasize, or daydream, about relationships and sex.
Many teens feel that the older their boyfriend is, the more adult they are.
Many teens feel that there is something missing, a lot feel overwhelmed.
Many teens find it hard to say no to friends, family or dates.
Many teens find it's helpful to keep a diary of what they eat and when.
Many teens find that their parents are more understanding than they expect.
Many teens have a lot of trouble communicating effectively about it.
Many teens have a secret.
Many teens have difficulty fitting another activity in their schedules.
Many teens have jobs and more have money.
Many teens have neither the family nor the church.
Many teens have no previous music experiences, but wish to learn.
Many teens have part-time jobs.
Many teens have sex before they are ready for it.
Many teens have to deal with rejection from their peers, much like adults.
Many teens have trouble waking up, staying awake in school, or falling asleep at night.
Many teens involved in helping animals are girls.
Many teens know how to obtain a firearm.
Many teens lack proper perspective, making mountains out of molehills.
Many teens like to chat on the phone with their friends until the wee hours of the morning.
Many teens like to sleep late on weekends.
Many teens listen to the music for inspirational messages.
Many teens live in homes where a parent or other family member drinks too much.
Many teens living on the streets are homeless because they ran away from home.
Many teens look forward to finishing high school and attending college abroad.
Many teens look to the outdoors for their vacation getaways.
Many teens love junk food and hate vegetables.
Many teens love to play pool and many hang out in pool halls around town.
Many teens make it.
Many teens mistakenly think that milk has more calories than other drinks, such as soda.
Many teens never cross the line from chemical abuse to chemical addiction.
Many teens own their own cars - and many more want to.
Many teens plan to remain abstinent until marriage because of their religion and morals.
Many teens receive information about values, attitudes and behaviors from television and film.
Many teens reject braces.
Many teens reject the stereotypes and refuse to limit their associations to one particular group.
Many teens report confusion about their rights regarding reproductive care.
Many teens report that they have the same problems as adults in trying to quit cigarettes.
Many teens satisfy their skin hunger through close physical contact with peers.
Many teens say parents go over the line.
Many teens say that practicing abstinence is hard at first.
Many teens say yes.
Many teens seem to think so.
Many teens seem to view their new-found independence as a chance to live dangerously.
Many teens start drinking because their families drink.
Many teens start off the school day the same way.
Many teens still consider computer mischief harmless.
Many teens struggle with depression.
Many teens take guns from their own homes.
Many teens tend to wake up early in the morning with pounding headaches.
Many teens think smoking, drinking and using exotic drugs are passports to adulthood.
Many teens think that marijuana use is just part of having a good time.
Many teens think they're special and somehow invincible to harm.
Many teens thinks smoking, drinking and using exotic drugs are passports to adulthood.
Many teens try alcohol simply out of curiosity.
Many teens try to juggle a part time job into their overloaded schedules.
Many teens try to squeeze in full-time hours even after school starts.
Many teens turn to drugs and alcohol, and cultural differences lead at times to tension.
Many teens use alcohol and other drugs to cover up their feelings.
Many teens walk around with a 'tude.
Many teens wander in lethargic aimlessness, rooted in existentialism.
Many teens wish to replace their glasses with contact lenses, primarily for cosmetic reasons.
Many teens work at minimum wage jobs.
More teens are on waiting lists to be tried as adults.
More teens are overweight now than at any time in history.
More teens become sexually active as they get older.
More teens believe their peers join gangs to achieve a sense of belonging than to cause trouble.
More teens have their own cars today than in the past.
More teens have their own cars today, and there are more distractions and less training.
Most teens accept the idea that the non-smoking majority has the right to a smoke free workplace.
Most teens are able to return to normal activities - even sports.
Most teens are able to understand right from wrong.
Most teens are adept multi-taskers.
Most teens are at least slightly disinterested in their parent s opinions.
Most teens are eager to learn.
Most teens are good kids.
Most teens are hard-pressed to decide what career to pursue.
Most teens are interested in challenging board games with themes that stimulate their interests.
Most teens are more intelligent than that.
Most teens are more willing to adopt their parents' values than the values of their peers.
Most teens are never tested, so surveillance estimates are inadequate and conservative.
Most teens are optimistic about the future of Internet commerce.
Most teens are sexually active before they graduate high school.
Most teens are still willing to do things with their parents or one parent at a time.
Most teens are unwilling to turn to the adults in their lives for help .
Most teens are unwilling to turn to the adults in their lives for help.
Most teens are very computer literate.
Most teens are.
Most teens can cut the time for traditional high school courses by half.
Most teens can enjoy having fun as the two medieval fellows adjust to modern conveniences.
Most teens come to adult family planning clinics after it is too late.
Most teens do go through some type of rebellious period.
Most teens do grow up, but sadly, too few become mature.
Most teens dress to feel good about themselves or to get attention.
Most teens eat their lunch away from home either at school or a fast food restaurant.
Most teens encounter the issue of suicide during their teen years.
Most teens enjoy reading but struggle to find time for it in their schedules.
Most teens expect to get married and raise children.
Most teens feel better after a few weeks of rest and self-care.
Most teens feel pretty mellow.
Most teens find themselves subjected to peer pressure from time to time.
Most teens get between two and four colds a year.
Most teens go through a stage of rebellion along with their new found independence.
Most teens hate to be the only topic under discussion.
Most teens have dreams.
Most teens have only mild symptoms for a week.
Most teens have some interest in knowing more about their heritage or roots.
Most teens here feel very sorry and angry.
Most teens know more about computing than their parents.
Most teens know the difference between proper and improper language and know when to use which.
Most teens know when enough crude humor is enough.
Most teens lie.
Most teens like to hang out with their friends.
Most teens look at a paper and just see black and white letters.
Most teens make great effort to live up to the trust and expectations of parents.
Most teens navigate the developmental tasks of adolescence successfully.
Most teens never intend to become addicted, but it happens rather innocently.
Most teens oppose authoritarian measures use to punish peers caught with alcohol or drugs.
Most teens oppose authoritarian measures used to punish peers caught with alcohol or drugs.
Most teens opt to get the pictures with a group of friends, or with a girlfriend or boyfriend.
Most teens radically underestimate their risk for sexually transmitted diseases.
Most teens raise the money by getting sponsors.
Most teens rebel against their parents once in a while.
Most teens recognize that a lifetime of smoking is detrimental to their health.
Most teens respond positively to the biological changes of puberty.
Most teens responding say they feel safe at school.
Most teens say they enjoy the company of both parents and friends.
Most teens say they have an inner drive that dictates their competitiveness level.
Most teens say they leave high school with plenty of stories.
Most teens say they play on the Internet, from educational word games to arcade games.
Most teens say using contraception each and every time they have sex is important.
Most teens seem pretty nervous talking about sex.
Most teens smoke their first cigarette with a friend who already smokes.
Most teens spend months counting down the days until they can drive.
Most teens still fall short of the recommended five servings of vegetables a day.
Most teens struggle as their bodies change during puberty.
Most teens talk about sex before doing it.
Most teens talk to other teens about their problems.
Most teens tend to travel from home to home visiting different families of graduating seniors.
Most teens think the wilder the coaster at a theme park the better.
Most teens try drugs, alcohol or smoking for fun because of peer pressure.
Most teens use condoms the first time.
Most teens use contraceptives the first time they have sex.
Most teens visit health professionals infrequently, usually only for minor injuries and illnesses.
Most teens work in food service, retail stores or at theaters.
Most teens work in retail establishments restaurants, supermarkets and stores.
Most teens work in retail fast food restaurants, supermarkets and stores.
Most teens worry about their bodies.
Some teens actually manifest symptoms of a parent's illness or treatment.
Some teens actually plan an alternative night out with friends.
Some teens agonize for hours each day about their appearance.
Some teens agree.
Some teens already know how tough it can be to quit.
Some teens also have family problems, and they finally decide there is no other way out.
Some teens are able to act grown up and have very active imaginations.
Some teens are better able to handle financial responsibility than others.
Some teens are just afraid to admit it.
Some teens are there because of abusive parents.
Some teens are worried about yellow teeth and wrinkles.
Some teens become disinclined to go to school in order to avoid a certain class.
Some teens become very rebellious in their late teens.
Some teens believe the solution to their problems is to run away.
Some teens bristle when asked to fill even a single page to make a resume.
Some teens can concentrate when the TV is blaring and their siblings are fighting.
Some teens can talk to their parents about sex and get all the questions they have answered.
Some teens choose to quit all at once, while others find it easier to level off slowly.
Some teens consider some forms of sex and foreplay as being abstinent.
Some teens control their asthma with medication.
Some teens crave to be alone.
Some teens do it to help the family, and most do it to have their own money to spend.
Some teens drink because their friends drink.
Some teens drop out altogether, expecting to fail because of their problems.
Some teens eliminate entire categories of food from their diets such as dairy products or meats.
Some teens even develop physical and emotional problems, including eating disorders.
Some teens feel so blue they consider harming themselves.
Some teens feel so overwhelmed and scared, they even consider suicide.
Some teens feel that employers are caught in a dilemma.
Some teens feel trapped, even if they have a great home life.
Some teens find other ways of donating to charitable organizations.
Some teens find that exercise helps relieve cramps.
Some teens get lucky.
Some teens go through different stages of emotions when they are sick for a long time.
Some teens have a difficult time project a healthy weight for themselves.
Some teens have a difficult time projecting a healthy weight for themselves.
Some teens have a real hard time to memorize.
Some teens have few fluctuations, and are generally happy.
Some teens have few fluctuations, but are generally in a bad mood.
Some teens have few fluctuations, but are in an extremely negative mood most of the time.
Some teens have frequent fluctuations, and are generally in a bad mood.
Some teens have frequent mood fluctuations, but are generally happy.
Some teens have no problem doing it.
Some teens have only a few comedones.
Some teens have sex too soon.
Some teens have trouble with social interaction, with the reasons behind it varying.
Some teens have trouble with the movement because the life-style is too demanding.
Some teens have visible signs of scoliosis.
Some teens have what is known as exercise-induced asthma .
Some teens join gangs so that they can fit into a group.
Some teens just prefer to dress in anything as long as it's comfortable and fits.
Some teens know a lot more about money than others.
Some teens learn how to use the plant through Web sites and newsgroups.
Some teens look at their vacation and see three months of boredom.
Some teens lose their tempers more than usual and get angry at their friends or families.
Some teens make friends more slowly than others.
Some teens never seem to turn up at their parents campsites.
Some teens pack more into one day than adults do in a month.
Some teens pick up that first cigarette to be cool or because their friends are smoking.
Some teens plan out their crimes.
Some teens plan to stay home.
Some teens play sports and want to be in top physical condition.
Some teens prefer to stay close to home, others enjoy traveling to new areas.
Some teens reportedly use it as a way to simply stay alert, or wake up in the morning.
Some teens say that they feel numb, unable to feel or experience anything.
Some teens say that they sometimes get the sensation to smoke.
Some teens say they feel like all students are lumped into the same group, potential trouble makers.
Some teens say they use the term almost as a joke.
Some teens simply are more involved with a job, sports, school or hobbies.
Some teens sprout a few pimples.
Some teens start dieting because they think all the problems in their lives are because of weight.
Some teens start dieting because they think all the problems in their lives are weight-related.
Some teens start exercising with weight loss as the main goal.
Some teens struggle with their self-esteem when they begin puberty .
Some teens suffer facial disfigurement after an accident or illness.
Some teens take advantage of their phone privlages.
Some teens take it to get high.
Some teens take on full responsibility for organization or project leadership.
Some teens take their religious devotion even further.
Some teens take to middle school and high school like a duck to water.
Some teens think anal sex is safe.
Some teens think employers are caught in a dilemma.
Some teens think life on the street is wonderful.
Some teens think there are saving graces in parental embarrassment.
Some teens try drugs because the media portray drugs as fun and exciting.
Some teens try to be responsible, try to keep things safe, kids say.
Some teens tune in out of a desire to fit in with their friends.
Some teens turn to crime to solve gambling dilemmas.
Some teens turn to self-mutilation in response to emotional turmoil .
Some teens use chemicals to cope with other difficulties, such as depression or family problems.
Some teens use drugs to escape their problems.
Teenage addictions are extremely hard to break.
Teenage appearance is eschewed for sophistication, refined style and independence.
Teenage audiences are a bit less receptive.
Teenage beauty queens from various counties milled about in tiaras and full-length satin gowns.
Teenage births are down.
Teenage bodies are three times more susceptible to alcohol addiction than adults.
Teenage boys are dumber than mud walls.
Teenage boys are loose cannons.
Teenage boys are more likely than teenage girls to believe they are at risk.
Teenage boys are more likely to die from gunshot wounds than all natural causes combined.
Teenage boys are more likely to die of gunshot wounds than from all natural causes combined.
Teenage boys are notoriously difficult to reach.
Teenage boys are now more likely to die from gunshot wounds than all natural causes combined.
Teenage boys are prone to nutritional problems as well.
Teenage boys are three times more likely to become regular drug users than girls.
Teenage boys can be a complete mystery.
Teenage boys consume the most sugar and also the most calories because they are growing rapidly.
Teenage boys control the night, leaving remnants of their art on trees, bushes, doorsteps.
Teenage boys make up almost all the fall, while girls experienced only a slight fall.
Teenage boys name the same problems, but do so less frequently.
Teenage boys rank second.
Teenage boys say the hours they once passed on basketball courts are now spent at the keyboard.
Teenage boys search for sex, love and bomb shelters in suburban Boston.
Teenage boys seem to always be sullen, moody, angry, happy, helpful or in trouble.
Teenage boys seem to have a knack for squealing tires.
Teenage boys sell crack here.
Every teenage boy is fascinated with the idea of naked women and sex.
Many teenage boys cope by taking up weight lifting and bodybuilding with a vengeance.
Some teenage boys get video games, or if they are unlucky, sweaters, for their birthdays.
Teenage brothers rebuild an airplane to cross America.
Teenage children are absent from home much of the time.
Teenage children welcome.
Teenage criminals are less organized on a formal basis.
Teenage cum sluts free gay site Three hardcore galleries of teen cumshots.
Teenage cum sluts sex site Three hardcore galleries of teen cumshots.
Teenage depression can be hard to spot.
Teenage dolphins are pretty much the same as a baby dolphin just a little bit more grown.
Teenage drinkers have no regard for the current law that prohibits underage drinking.
Teenage drivers believe they are immortal.
Teenage drivers crash more.
Teenage drivers have three times the fatality rate of their parents.
All teenage drivers are careless.
Some teenage drivers can be irresponsible and dangerous when speeding.
Teenage employees have little training and no experience.
Teenage fashion is always annoying.
Teenage father spreads the word to other teenage fathers in Connecticut.
Teenage fathers have a poor reputation.
Teenage fiction is an area that has developed out of recognition in recent years.
Teenage fiction is kept separately.
Teenage fury is fierce, especially out of boys.
Teenage girls appear to be at particular risk of becoming smokers.
Teenage girls are aliens.
Teenage girls are as likely as boys to smoke, drink and use illegal drugs . . .
Teenage girls are at especially high risk of having low vitamin and mineral intakes.
Teenage girls are at especially high risk, as are minority youth.
Teenage girls are especially at risk because they lose iron during their period.
Teenage girls are especially susceptible to scoliosis.
Teenage girls are more likely than boys to see STDs in a moral light.
Teenage girls are more prone to low self-esteem than boys.
Teenage girls are most vulnerable to the disease, some contracting the deadly virus from older men.
Teenage girls are now more likely than adolescent boys to smoke.
Teenage girls are particularly vulnerable to low levels of iron.
Teenage girls are so vulnerable.
Teenage girls are under more pressure than ever.
Teenage girls are welcome on activities as guests.
Teenage girls can totally relate to the words, and they can enjoy the melody and sounds.
Teenage girls clad in uniforms and tight sweaters smoke, frolic, wait for their bus.
Teenage girls do look for qualities beyond brand names, and they enjoy shopping with their mothers.
Teenage girls dread their menstrual cycle then pray for it to start.
Teenage girls drink an average of two cans of soda per day.
Teenage girls drink less milk than boys.
Teenage girls get naked and pose nude.
Teenage girls have issues too.
Teenage girls have the additional burden of physicality.
Teenage girls like to visit teen-targeted fashion zines, shopping sites and music sites.
Teenage girls look to delias catalog for new online shopping.
Teenage girls look todelias catalog for new online shopping.
Teenage girls love clothes, makeup etc.
Teenage girls stroll nonchalantly past middle-aged men.
Teenage girls take LONG showers, using millions of gallons of water.
Teenage girls tell their stories.
Teenage girls triple their risk.
Many teenage girls have inadequate iron intakes, especially after they begin menstruating.
Many teenage girls learn to diet by watching their mothers.
Many teenage girls marry and have babies before they are ready.
Many teenage girls use cigarettes to deal with the personal pressures outlined above.
Most teenage girls are close in age to their first sexual partner, whom they know fairly well.
Most teenage girls are mature enough to make their own decisions about an abortion.
Some teenage girls are more likely to smoke than others.
Some teenage girls bury their friend in the sand.
Some teenage girls get pregnant because they really want to.
Some teenage girls give birth to babies as a way to prove their womanhood.
Teenage hacker plays trick on a friend by modifying the friend s vanity Web page.
Teenage hosts spend a day with actual scientists and participate in hands-on experiments.
Teenage infertility is also an increasing problem.
Teenage inmates get group therapy at a South Carolina juvenile detention facility.
Many teenage kids prefer to join adventure organizations.
Teenage life is hard enough, given the pressure to succeed, to be popular.
Teenage lovers walk down the sandy streets.
Teenage magazines deal with issues in a personal, friendly way.
Teenage males comprise the group most likely to eat away.
Teenage males have higher rates of urethral infection than adults.
Teenage males tend to view sunscreen products as being 'sissy,' Goldhar explains.
More teenage males drink alcohol than teenage females.
Teenage marriages end in divorce at twice the rate of non-teenage marriages.
Teenage marriages have a much greater chance of ending in divorce.
Teenage marriages have an extremely high divorce rate.
Many teenage moms turn to abortion as an answer for becoming pregnant.
Teenage mothers are also likely to have low birth weight babies.
Teenage mothers are less likely to complete high school and more likely to be poor.
Teenage mothers are less likely to seek out regular prenatal care.
Teenage mothers are likely to have another child before they are an adult.
Teenage mothers are more likely to drop out of school.
Teenage mothers are more likely to smoke than their older counterparts.
Teenage mothers face risks with children.
Teenage mothers have a higher rate of anemia and pregnancy induced hypertension occurring.
Teenage mothers have a higher risk of having very small babies.
Teenage mothers receive prenatal training and care.
Teenage mothers smoke more during pregnancy than mothers of any other age.
Every teenage mother is a student.
Every teenage mother is also a mother.
Every teenage mother is an employee.
Every teenage mother is obviously a teenager.
Many teenage mothers end up raising their children alone in poverty.
Most teenage mothers drop out of school.
Most teenage mothers lack a vision regarding their future because the present is so demanding.
Teenage motherhood is a fact of life that no one seems to accept yet.
Teenage muggers are less focused.
Teenage mums are more likely to drop out of education, to beunemployed and to have depression.
Teenage parents are at especially high risk of long-term welfare dependence.
Teenage parents consume a large share of all welfare dollars.
Teenage parents receive child care assistance so they can remain in school.
Teenage parenthood is a bad idea.
Teenage parenthood is by no means a new social phenomenon.
Teenage phenomenon destroys human society.
All teenage posting is welcome here.
Teenage pregnancies are also common, local teachers' union officials say.
Teenage pregnancies are no more unusual in Italy than elsewhere.
Teenage pregnancy appears to be, nonetheless, a major problem.
Teenage pregnancy has obvious repercussions beyond the teenager.
Teenage pregnancy is a complex and sensitive issue weighing on our society today.
Teenage pregnancy is a major reason for girls dropping out of high school and college.
Teenage pregnancy is a sign of popularity.
Teenage pregnancy is a significant public health concern.
Teenage pregnancy is a taboo of our society.
Teenage pregnancy is a widespread concern and often begins a cycle of deprivation.
Teenage pregnancy is also an epidemic.
Teenage pregnancy is also high here.
Teenage pregnancy is an issue in Harrison County.
Teenage pregnancy is down, and divorce rates have leveled off.
Teenage pregnancy is high-consequential to acute unemployment.
Teenage pregnancy is in fact the norm in many parts of rural China.
Teenage pregnancy is one of the greatest causes of dropping out of school for young women.
Teenage pregnancy is the highest in the state.
Teenage pregnancy is the norm.
Teenage readers enjoy stories about real-life heroes too good to be true.
Teenage rebellion is essentially a hollow act.
Teenage rebellion is nothing but peer conformity.
Teenage sex has complex societal causes.
Teenage sex is certainly wide-spread and has become the norm by later adolescence.
Teenage sex is commonplace in Argentina.
Teenage sex is inevitable.
Teenage sex is of concern for various practical reasons.
Teenage siblings become more likely to commit suicide.
Teenage slaughter is nothing to think twice about, as far as D.C. officialdom is concerned.
Teenage smoking is a major health problem.
Teenage smoking is a national epidemic with profound medical consequences.
Teenage smoking is a pressing issue in today's society.
Teenage smoking is a serious problem that needs to be addressed immediately.
Teenage smoking is by personal insecurity, a desire to be like adults, and peer pressure.
Teenage smoking is on the rise.
Teenage smoking is up again.
Teenage suicide is associated with depression as well as many other factors.
Teenage suicide is preventable.
Teenage suicide is up, teenage crime is up and girls are getting pregnant younger.
Teenage suicides are common.
All teenage suicides are tragic occurrences.
Teenage sweat is different from kid sweat.
All teenage uses require a chaperone.
Teenage vegans have nutritional needs that are the same as any other teenager.
Teenage vegetarians have nutritional needs that are the same as any other teenager.
Teenage violence is a major concern in the teenage community.
Teenage volunteers perform many of the same activities as adults.
Teenage women are especially likely to experience post-abortion distress.
Many teenage women migrate from rural areas to Guatemala City to look for work.
Teenage years are a period of moving outward into the world.
Teenage years are difficult.
Teenage years are for experimentation, growth, and making mistakes.
Teenage years are full of challenges that require binocular vision and depth perception.
Teenage years are hell for anybody, let alone with cerebral palsy.
Teenage years can be the hardest years .
Teenage years carry entire families to an uncharacteristic transitional period.
Many teenaged criminals are good kids who made bad decisions.
Teenaged males are at highest risk for TBI primarily due to driving accidents.
Teenaged volunteers are cordially welcome.
A teenager is a person
Teenager isa individual.
Teenager isa person.
Teenager isa somebody.
Teenager isa someone.
Teenagers absorb new fashion ideas from all over.
Teenagers abuse a variety of drugs, both legal and illegal.
Teenagers account for the largest portion of all violent crime in America.
Teenagers actually do listen to and value their parents' opinions.
Teenagers agree that teen pregnancy is an important problem.
Teenagers already delay abortions and consent laws can mean additional waits of days to weeks.
Teenagers already have few resources for learning about their own sexuality.
Teenagers already think that the pursuit of money is a goal unto itself.
Teenagers also are more likely to drive with many passengers, which can distract the driver.
Teenagers also have a sense of invulnerability.
Teenagers also have high iron requirements.
Teenagers also learn about foreign survival skills.
Teenagers also listen to the words and the message that the artist is sending through their music.
Teenagers also lose certain rights at school.
Teenagers also say that smoking is a way to relieve stress, stay thin, and a way to fill time.
Teenagers also seem to have many questions and fears about death.
Teenagers also sneak into R-rated movies to distance themselves from their adolescent years.
Teenagers appear to be consuming more alcohol, more frequently than ever before.
Teenagers are a blessing in disquise.
Teenagers are a category all by themselves.
Teenagers are a 'different kettle of fish', and have probably taken in many evolutionary ideas.
Teenagers are a great motivator for creativity.
Teenagers are a key market for items such as jeans and trainers.
Teenagers are a lot like toddlers.
Teenagers are a neglected, harangued group.
Teenagers are a powerful market for many companies.
Teenagers are a problem into themselves.
Teenagers are a vulnerable age group that deserves protections from data collectors.
Teenagers are actually more likely to get into trouble online than younger kids.
Teenagers are all about wings.
Teenagers are already cynical at that age.
Teenagers are also at greater risk for anemia, blood pressure problems, and complicated deliveries.
Teenagers are also confused if given many college catalogs and asked to make a choice.
Teenagers are also disproportionately victims of violent crimes.
Teenagers are also less likely than younger children to have a usual source of medical care.
Teenagers are also more likely to drink and drive.
Teenagers are also more likely to use the Internet, and to feel comfortable with online shopping.
Teenagers are also the key target for antibacterial face creams.
Teenagers are also welcome.
Teenagers are always hungry.
Teenagers are always smarter than their parents.
Teenagers are always unreliable and selfish.
Teenagers are anxious for the freedom they gain as new drivers.
Teenagers are anxious to be independent and make their own decisions.
Teenagers are at a critical age of developing character and forming new identities.
Teenagers are at a critical point in their lives in terms of height and bone development.
Teenagers are at a higher risk for being undernourished.
Teenagers are at a higher risk for pregnancy complications.
Teenagers are at a most difficult time in their lives anyway, with peer pressure and anxieties.
Teenagers are at a time in their lives when they ask big questions.
Teenagers are at greater risk of violent crime in Canada than either adults or children.
Teenagers are at particular risk.
Teenagers are at risk.
Teenagers are better than ever.
Teenagers are busy.
Teenagers are by nature eager to rebel, so the designers looked for ways to tap into that rebellion.
Teenagers are by nature, oppositional.
Teenagers are capable of making powerful choices that can uplift their lives and change the world.
Teenagers are capable of smoke cigarettes.
Teenagers are citizens of the United States.
Teenagers are concerned with appearance and fitting in.
Teenagers are dependent on browsing centres which charge on an hourly basis.
Teenagers are difficult enough to live with on good days.
Teenagers are energetic, qualified, and the perfect solution to fill seasonal job openings.
Teenagers are especially expensive to insure because they are the least experienced drivers.
Teenagers are especially sensitive about their bodies.
Teenagers are especially susceptible to emotional pain that is frightningly intense.
Teenagers are falsely packaged.
Teenagers are far less parent-influenced and more influenced by peer pressure.
Teenagers are far more interested in novelty than younger children or adults are.
Teenagers are fashion-conscious because most of what goes on at school is boring.
Teenagers are forever captives of their parents, the schools, the system.
Teenagers are fully responsible for their sins and actions.
Teenagers are generally very involved in social relationships.
Teenagers are good candidates for learning more about wise consumerism.
Teenagers are great crime prevention resources.
Teenagers are grotesquely prone to perceiving themselves as extreme losers.
Teenagers are happiest when they're kept busy.
Teenagers are human beings, capable of making informed decisions about their own bodies.
Teenagers are immature and in a learning stage.
Teenagers are in for a shock if they listen to the latest anti-smoking campaign.
Teenagers are in rebellion against the authority of the home.
Teenagers are incredibly important and sought after in the life of the church.
Teenagers are infinitely more savvy, insightful, sensitive and talented than given credit for.
Teenagers are inherently curious and skeptical of authority.
Teenagers are interested in sex, of course, and sexual tension is fine.
Teenagers are just as worried about their future as parents are.
Teenagers are less likely than younger children to have a usual source of medical care.
Teenagers are less likely to chose breast-feeding than adults, however.
Teenagers are less likely to drop out of school.
Teenagers are like birds.
Teenagers are likely to be the most upset about the move.
Teenagers are likely to forget things - like doing deco stops.
Teenagers are likely to grow out of it in their twenties.
Teenagers are located in high schools.
Teenagers are located in malls.
Teenagers are located in nightclubs.
Teenagers are located in roofs.
Teenagers are maybe the most sensitive about privacy.
Teenagers are mixed-up people.
Teenagers are more likely than adults to suffer medical complications attributable to childbirth.
Teenagers are more likely to be uninsured than younger age children.
Teenagers are more likely to commit suicide if a gun is available.
Teenagers are more likely to participate in many types of sporting activities than other age groups.
Teenagers are more reinforced if their work results in more free time to spend with their friends.
Teenagers are most likely to participate in online discussions.
Teenagers are much heavier users of the Internet than their parents.
Teenagers are much less likely to smoke than adults.
Teenagers are much more likely to be sent out of district than elementary school students.
Teenagers are natural cynics.
Teenagers are neither large children nor small adults.
Teenagers are new media dream demo.
Teenagers are no exception.
Teenagers are notorious for blaming all their problems on their parents.
Teenagers are notoriously sneaky.
Teenagers are now much less likely to get married just because they have become pregnant.
Teenagers are of particular interest.
Teenagers are often embarrassed by their parents.
Teenagers are often high strung and take action without thinking.
Teenagers are often tempermental and moody.
Teenagers are often very attached to their friends.
Teenagers are often very busy with school, work, and sports schedules.
Teenagers are on the brink of adulthood.
Teenagers are on the edge of rapid change.
Teenagers are on the lookout now for good summer jobs.
Teenagers are one of the fastest growing groups of users on the internet.
Teenagers are our children.
Teenagers are particularly guilty of sharing soft drinks, straws and other beverage containers.
Teenagers are particularly open, and carry the revival to other churches.
Teenagers are particularly precious.
Teenagers are particularly vulnerable.
Teenagers are people who express a burning desire to be different by dressing exactly alike.
Teenagers are pretty independent.
Teenagers are probably the ones that are the most interested in sex.
Teenagers are probably the toughest people to buy gifts for.
Teenagers are ready for something.
Teenagers are really good at acting.
Teenagers are rebellious and want to prove their independence.
Teenagers are reluctant to talk about the who, what, where and why of everything.
Teenagers are responsible for the majority of minor offences.
Teenagers are responsible for their actions.
Teenagers are smart and they see though people that are trying to force things down their throat.
Teenagers are smarter than their parents.
Teenagers are so focused on how they look, so it's more vegetarian or no-fat.
Teenagers are square in the sights of many marketing efforts.
Teenagers are still children, vulnerable in so many way.
Teenagers are still less likely to commit suicide than any older age group.
Teenagers are such a blessing and the teen years can be so precious.
Teenagers are sure to dig the egotistical attitudes that are part of the auto racing world.
Teenagers are teenagers.
Teenagers are the barbarians at the gate - and our only hope for a better world.
Teenagers are the biggest yo-yo fanatics right now.
Teenagers are the economic engine that fuels the world.
Teenagers are the hottest consumer demographic in America.
Teenagers are the hottest consumer demographic in the United States.
Teenagers are the largest source of transplant organs in the United States.
Teenagers are the lifeblood and future of our community.
Teenagers are the most likely to act out and to show anger and resentment toward their parents.
Teenagers are the most tech-savvy market segment due to their early introduction to the Internet.
Teenagers are the only age group in which smoking levels continue to increase.
Teenagers are the only known mammals that wake up asleep.
Teenagers are the second.
Teenagers are the sector of the population most looked at and least listened to.
Teenagers are their own cultural group.
Teenagers are three times as likely than adults to respond to cigarette ads.
Teenagers are too young to be good parents.
Teenagers are tough.
Teenagers are under a lot of pressure to be thin.
Teenagers are under a lot of pressure to succeed and fit in.
Teenagers are unusual in our society because they have no clearly defined role.
Teenagers are very concerned about their appearance.
Teenagers are very picky about privacy.
Teenagers are very sensitive to hypocrisy in adults.
Teenagers are very special persons.
Teenagers are very vulnerable.
Teenagers are vulnerable to pressures from their friends.
Teenagers are vulnerable too.
Teenagers are welcome to attend any regular class.
Teenagers are welcome to participate.
Teenagers are welcome to volunteer as helpers.
Teenagers are welcome.
Teenagers are well known for experimenting with all sorts of risky behaviors.
Teenagers are well known for their snack attacks and for good reason.
Teenagers are wonderful people.
Teenagers are wonderful to watch.
Teenagers argue to secede from the oppressive familyunit.
Teenagers arriving at a university are somewhat disoriented and unsure of themselves.
Teenagers ask a lot of questions.
Teenagers ask tough questions, and then they want short answers.
Teenagers attend morning devotionals and service activities in the afternoons.
Teenagers attend our programs for academic, social and cultural amelioration.
Teenagers become alcoholics daily.
Teenagers become less able and increasingly dependent.
Teenagers begin to discover their identity outside of the home.
Teenagers believe that there is little wrong with underage drinking even if it is against the law.
Teenagers believe they are immortal.
Teenagers bring a unique and needed expertise to the analysis of urban problems.
Teenagers buy drugs from despicable adults who prey on children.
Teenagers can also appreciate memoir as an act of defiance.
Teenagers can and do become alcoholics.
Teenagers can and do get off drugs.
Teenagers can be an invaluable resource when they get their licence, particularly on a farm.
Teenagers can be cruel.
Teenagers can be oppositional and negative when depressed.
Teenagers can be particularly sensitive about their weight and appearance.
Teenagers can be pretty scary and difficult to witness to.
Teenagers can be proud of the actions they can and do take.
Teenagers can be responsible, mature, and smart.
Teenagers can be the cruelest people in the world.
Teenagers can be tricky about the truth.
Teenagers can be very challenging.
Teenagers can be very confused by the loss of a loved one.
Teenagers can become so dedicated that they overtrain and push themselves too much.
Teenagers can become unhappy for many reasons.
Teenagers can begin to seriously explore their emerging style in the visual arts and design.
Teenagers can do odd jobs around the neighborhood.
Teenagers can download a full-color poster and sound clip of their favorite singer.
Teenagers can drive, date, and talk on the phone.
Teenagers can easily become too worried about their body image.
Teenagers can enjoy beach day, frisbee, golf, volleyball tournaments and bonfires in the evening.
Teenagers can enjoy social clubs or gather with friends for nature walks and beach BBQs.
Teenagers can find support and an opportunity to share and discuss their feelings.
Teenagers can find themselves in violent relationships.
Teenagers can gamble away their future in their rooms.
Teenagers can get by with applying soap only to the armpits, genitals, and feet.
Teenagers can go to parties, wear make up, and go to high school.
Teenagers can go to the store, have jobs, and babysit.
Teenagers can handle the pressure.
Teenagers can have difficulty falling asleep until late at night and awakening early in the morning.
Teenagers can hire videos, CDs and cassettes for a charge.
Teenagers can hold jobs as well as go to school .
Teenagers can hold jobs as well as go to school.
Teenagers can learn from the mistakes of others.
Teenagers can learn how to invest in stocks and mutual funds, with a little bit of guidance.
Teenagers can minimally handle such problems as pregnancy and disease control.
Teenagers can readily quote from movies like a priest from the bible.
Teenagers can relate to that.
Teenagers can rest at the discos, parks.
Teenagers can sometimes talk to their grandparents more than their own parents.
Teenagers can t say no to sex or drugs.
Teenagers can track expenses and complete budgeting worksheets.
Teenagers can work during their summer or winter vacations.
Teenagers care very much whether their providers are caring.
Teenagers carry guns to feel cool and look tough.
Teenagers carry on as if they did.
Teenagers charm in dark pink.
Teenagers come into the store to manipulate the mouse and to buy the art.
Teenagers come to school apprehensive.
Teenagers commit an alarming amount of violent crime.
Teenagers commit crimes.
Teenagers commit the largest portion of crime in America.
Teenagers commit to volunteering for many different reasons.
Teenagers commonly think that there's is the first generation to reach puberty.
Teenagers comprise a significant proportion of victims of unsafe abortion.
Teenagers consistently name listening to music as their most preferred nonschool activity.
Teenagers constitute higher proportion in rural India.
Teenagers consume sugar.
Teenagers continue to be an incredible resource to our state.
Teenagers continue to go trick or treating just to stock up on free candy.
Teenagers cost money.
Teenagers crash more often in work zones.
Teenagers crash three times as often as adult drivers.
Teenagers deserve the same kind of variety at the newsstand.
Teenagers deserve to be respected.
Teenagers deserve to be treated with respect.
Teenagers desire personal control of their lives and their futures.
Teenagers develop at different rates.
Teenagers develop colds about as often as adults do-two to four times a year.
Teenagers die in motor vehicle crashes at twice the rate of the rest of the population.
Teenagers differ wildly.
Teenagers digest astounding contradictions in their representation.
Teenagers discuss living the faith in daily life.
Teenagers dismiss the consequences of drinking.
Teenagers dive off of a partially-submerged lifeguard chair at Coney Island in Brooklyn, New York.
Teenagers do it through silence.
Teenagers do pay a lot of attention to their parents, despite what they often say.
Teenagers do school work.
Teenagers do the same thing.
Teenagers don t have to listen to their parents anymore, as if they ever did.
Teenagers drag into the room after being coerced by faithful youth workers.
Teenagers drape toilet paper across bushes in people's yards.
Teenagers dream about their first driving experience long before the moment arrives.
Teenagers drink for many reasons.
Teenagers drive excessively at night and have a significantly higher nighttime crash fatality rate.
Teenagers eat a lot away from home.
Teenagers eat a suprising amount.
Teenagers eat fast food.
Teenagers eat food.
Teenagers eat junk food.
Teenagers embrace against it.
Teenagers enjoy being active.
Teenagers enjoy performing in front of other teenagers.
Teenagers enjoy the watersports, the night life and the chance to experience a different world.
Teenagers enter into marriages to escape the abuse in the home.
Teenagers especially benefit from such service.
Teenagers especially enjoy retro jewelry items.
Teenagers especially prefer to be active contributors rather than passive participants.
Teenagers especially remember that.
Teenagers even form their own swing-oriented rock bands.
Teenagers everywhere risk everything in the eternal pursuit of sex.
Teenagers expect, and respect, honesty from their parents.
Teenagers experience many situations in their daily lives that can lead to an overload of stress.
Teenagers experience strong feelings of stress, confusion, and self-doubt.
Teenagers express their burning desires to be different by dressing exactly alike.
Teenagers face a great deal of peer pressure to experiment with drugs.
Teenagers face a whole lot of pressure from family to other peers.
Teenagers face many challenges and choices in their lives.
Teenagers face many of the common pressures such as drinking and smoking.
Teenagers face many problems in their lives.
Teenagers face more choices than past generations.
Teenagers face stresses unique to their age group.
Teenagers face to face with bereavement .
Teenagers fall in love with older men and women all the time.
Teenagers feel invincible and immortal.
Teenagers feel more comfortable and less likely to disturb patient flow.
Teenagers feel more confident when they drink.
Teenagers feel presence.
Teenagers find illegal marijuana easier to obtain than legally regulated beer.
Teenagers find it difficult to look ahead.
Teenagers flex their minds and muscles as they combine academic training with hands-on chores.
Teenagers gain strength and self-respect from clearly defined limits.
Teenagers gather in front of the corner store.
Teenagers generally consider themselves invincible.
Teenagers generally have someone to look up to.
Teenagers generally look to or construct new gods and idols to follow.
Teenagers generally suffer acne mainly due to a zinc deficiency.
Teenagers get a bad rap.
Teenagers get a bum rap lots of the time.
Teenagers get a thrill out of watching scary videos in a group, so allow some flexibility.
Teenagers get acne because of all the hormones that come with puberty.
Teenagers get creative .
Teenagers get into the act too.
Teenagers get into trouble.
Teenagers get much of their support from friends.
Teenagers get pregnant, maybe out of ignorance, maybe in an attempt to love and be loved.
Teenagers get sleepy later than preteens and often have trouble falling asleep.
Teenagers get the worst of both worlds.
Teenagers give ten reasons.
Teenagers go before youth court for a variety of offenses like stealing, burglary and fighting.
Teenagers go for seriousness.
Teenagers go hiking and biking on their own, sometimes in some pretty dangerous places.
Teenagers go there to meet friends, relax and dance to western pop and Hindi movie music.
Teenagers go through a time in their life when they like the rockier stuff.
Teenagers go through puberty.
Teenagers go through stages of awkwardness, rebellion, and indecision.
Teenagers go through things like that.
Teenagers go to the railroad tracks and stand between two passing trains.
Teenagers go to the shopping mall just to meet each other.
Teenagers grieving process is similar to that of an adult.
Teenagers grow up and leave for distant jobs and universities.
Teenagers hang out at the endless rave and house parties.
Teenagers hate hypocrisy.
Teenagers hate their parents.
Teenagers have (part) arms.
Teenagers have (part) body substances.
Teenagers have (part) cell membranes.
Teenagers have (part) cells.
Teenagers have (part) corpi.
Teenagers have (part) cytoplasm.
Teenagers have (part) heads.
Teenagers have (part) legs.
Teenagers have (part) necks.
Teenagers have (part) nuclei.
Teenagers have (part) personality.
Teenagers have (part) plasma membranes.
Teenagers have (part) sections.
Teenagers have (part) vacuoles.
Teenagers have a desire for challenges.
Teenagers have a hard time reacting to approaching adulthood.
Teenagers have a knack for getting themselves into jams.
Teenagers have a lively and inquisitive class.
Teenagers have a lot to offer their communities if they are given a chance.
Teenagers have a seemingly incredible ability to study and sleep with noise filling the room.
Teenagers have a tendency to want to grow up quickly and be independent.
Teenagers have all sorts of pressures from family, friends, etc.
Teenagers have an especially difficult time.
Teenagers have an unerring ability to sniff out hypocrisy.
Teenagers have big hearts.
Teenagers have difficulty making use of the services even when they are available.
Teenagers have easy access to services at no cost.
Teenagers have enough to worry about.
Teenagers have feelings too.
Teenagers have friends.
Teenagers have grow pain.
Teenagers have it to keep in contact with their parents and friends.
Teenagers have less equal legal protection than adults.
Teenagers have many more car crashes than older persons.
Teenagers have more freedom in their own lives than previous generations of young people.
Teenagers have more money and independence than ever before.
Teenagers have more problems today than yesterday.
Teenagers have much to teach the world about feeling and caring.
Teenagers have needs for independence, separation, and decreased parental control.
Teenagers have no enthusiasm for reaching adulthood.
Teenagers have pain.
Teenagers have quite the financial clout nowadays, as saavy corporations already know.
Teenagers have senses.
Teenagers have short wings.
Teenagers have special needs for calcium to cope with the sudden growth spurt accompanying puberty.
Teenagers have such a lot to deal with now days.
Teenagers have that kind of power, too.
Teenagers have the highest alcohol-involved fatal accident rate of any age group.
Teenagers have the highest cases of seborrhoea.
Teenagers have the highest death rate of any age group in motor vehicle crashes.
Teenagers have the highest suicide rate of any age group.
Teenagers have the inclination to belong to a peer group.
Teenagers have the worst diets of all.
Teenagers have their own club with plenty of action as and when they like.
Teenagers have their own club.
Teenagers have their own distinct way of speaking.
Teenagers have to be persuaded to adopt safe sexual habits, a much easier task.
Teenagers have to be told that sleeping is as important as eating and breathing.
Teenagers have to find out what they want in a relationship.
Teenagers have to grow up, become independent, and take responsibility for their lives.
Teenagers have to learn to tithe from their allowance.
Teenagers have two ways in which to ride their bikes.
Teenagers have unique issues when it comes to asthma treatment.
Teenagers have, very generally, two levels of reactions to an event like the loss of their father.
Teenagers hear causes.
Teenagers here become adults by trying on different identities until one finally fits comfortably.
Teenagers increasingly perceive marijuana and club drugs as harmless.
Teenagers involved in united intergenerational ministry find a place where they belong.
Teenagers join gangs because they are desperate to belong - to have meaning.
Teenagers just grow dependent on each other.
Teenagers kill each other for sneakers and jackets.
Teenagers kill for the thrill of it.
Teenagers kill or attack other children, teachers at school, their own parents, or homeless people.
Teenagers know the difference between honest talk and bullshit.
Teenagers know the pain of heartbreak.
Teenagers know, perhaps too well, that making money can be hard, but it can also be rewarding.
Teenagers lack essential knowledge about alcohol.
Teenagers laugh and shout at the screen.
Teenagers laugh at everything.
Teenagers learn about evolution.
Teenagers learn courtesy, perseverance and respect for others.
Teenagers learn to function independently, with parents in a supporting role.
Teenagers lie in bed all morning.
Teenagers like food.
Teenagers like to experiment with everything, including risky food behavior.
Teenagers like to talk.
Teenagers line their nests with discarded undergarments.
Teenagers line up to buy cotton candy from a pushcart.
Teenagers listen and they imagine a fantastic personal world.
Teenagers live on the phone and in the bathroom.
Teenagers Living with teenagers can sometimes be like living in another world.
Teenagers looka at drinking as something glamorous.
Teenagers love Christian music.
Teenagers love freedom.
Teenagers love it.
Teenagers love receiving gifts.
Teenagers love the loud bass of some of the more contemporary cuts of rap, pop, and jive.
Teenagers love the thrill.
Teenagers love to eat.
Teenagers love to have posters in their rooms.
Teenagers make and use slang all the time.
Teenagers make frequent visits to the doctor.
Teenagers make the headlines almost daily with negative connotations.
Teenagers make their own choices, just as adults do.
Teenagers make up a large portion of the fatalities.
Teenagers mingle inside.
Teenagers model the coping skills they see demonstrated by adults.
Teenagers naturally tend to rebel against adult standards and regulations.
Teenagers need calories.
Teenagers need extra calories.
Teenagers need food.
Teenagers need more calories.
Teenagers never think that old people used to be young.
Teenagers now carry guns to school.
Teenagers now have more money of their own to spend than ever before.
Teenagers nowadays seem to be kind of aimless.
Teenagers occupy a defined niche in American society.
Teenagers occupy the void.
Teenagers own the world, of course.
Teenagers pack in from one wall to the other on a hard-packed dirt floor.
Teenagers perpetrate many crimes and tragic events that occupy the headlines of the news media.
Teenagers play characters who are in jail for a variety of reasons.
Teenagers play furious games of table tennis in the village center.
Teenagers play it on boom boxes at volume levels high enough to challenge our sanity.
Teenagers play soccer and volleyball, while mothers watch over children on the swings.
Teenagers present unique challenges in personal evangelism.
Teenagers pump in money all day long and deep into the night.
Teenagers question their parents' ideas.
Teenagers reach ages.
Teenagers really look forward to parties, so they can forget their worries and have fun.
Teenagers really love the book.
Teenagers rebelling against the authority of their parents is nothing new.
Teenagers receive competing and confusing messages about sexuality.
Teenagers render their version of an ideal community on a wall in Harlem, New York.
Teenagers report being bored at home, feeling that they are marking time.
Teenagers represent a huge and lucrative market for advertisers.
Teenagers require at least eight and preferably ten hours of sleep per night.
Teenagers require more calories because of their growth and hectic schedules.
Teenagers require special patience and wisdom.
Teenagers respond to peer pressure.
Teenagers retire somewhat later than younger children.
Teenagers rotate boyfriends and girlfriends like hot fashion fazes.
Teenagers run for their lives as fire sweeps through a California canyon .
Teenagers run for their lives as fire sweeps through a California canyon.
Teenagers run in unsupervised gangs.
Teenagers say no to the top job for a variety of reasons.
Teenagers say that a desire to be cool is often a reason young smokers try cigarettes.
Teenagers see more nudity watching professional wrestling and network television.
Teenagers see plenty of R rated movies, even if they are under seventeen.
Teenagers seek a sense of belonging by forming gangs.
Teenagers seek attention.
Teenagers seem to be biologically programmed to stay awake later than adults.
Teenagers seem to do the most outrageous things, but it is all part of growing up.
Teenagers serve as the jury, the attorneys, the bailiff, and the defendant.
Teenagers share a few big kisses.
Teenagers share their teachers' concerns about the lack of respect and civility in public schools.
Teenagers sing songs with local kids and go hoarse.
Teenagers sit at the picnic table and carve dirty words into the wood.
Teenagers sleep at different times from adults.
Teenagers slip their hands down one another's waistbands.
Teenagers smoke to rebel against middle-class values.
Teenagers speak out about the culture and imagery of high school violence.
Teenagers spend almost a third of their waking time in the company of friends.
Teenagers spend an average of three and one half hours alone every day.
Teenagers spend an average of three and one-half hours alone every day.
Teenagers stake out their identity by the trainer shoes they wear.
Teenagers start jobs.
Teenagers stay free.
Teenagers still have to pay for their own gas and auto insurance.
Teenagers struggle to establish an identity while vying for a place in the crowd.
Teenagers struggle with issues of identity, independence, competency and social role.
Teenagers struggle with violence, crime, drug abuse, and immorality.
Teenagers struggling to be different find themselves with a dearth of choices.
Teenagers suffer at the hands of peers because they dress in some kind of unique way.
Teenagers suffer worse penalties for shoplifting.
Teenagers suffering from depression often display a cluster of specific symptoms.
Teenagers take lots of tests.
Teenagers take many priviledges and modern comforts for granted.
Teenagers take many unnecessary risks when driving, and it only takes one to become a fatality.
Teenagers take up a new hobby, get fit and make new friends.
Teenagers talk about how they cope with loss.
Teenagers talk about sex.
Teenagers Talk About Their Lives .
Teenagers Talk About Their Lives.
Teenagers Talk About Their Pregnancy.
Teenagers talk on the phone all the time.
Teenagers talking to their friends result in long holding times.
Teenagers tell how they choose friends and how to keep good friends.
Teenagers tend to be heavily influenced by their peer groups.
Teenagers tend to be risk takers, but people that go gambling are definitely the same kind.
Teenagers tend to be touchy about being touched so handle a teenager with extra patience and care.
Teenagers tend to be very high risk takers.
Teenagers tend to explore the limits of their possibilities and feel like masters of the universe.
Teenagers tend to let sex happen without taking the necessary precautions, experts say.
Teenagers tend to look less to their parents and more to their peers for role models.
Teenagers there live in a grim reality with little hope of a traditional future.
Teenagers think it is cool to leave their laces untied.
Teenagers think that abortion is the right way to go.
Teenagers think they are immortal and that they already know everything.
Teenagers throw rocks at the cops, or smash the windows of cars.
Teenagers to gain weight.
Teenagers travel in droves, packs, swarms. . .
Teenagers typically have mood swings and intense sexual feelings, to no one's surprise.
Teenagers typically shy away from seeing the doctor, unless there's a crisis.
Teenagers understand that cancer can lead to death.
Teenagers understand that ideas can be compared and classified, just as object can.
Teenagers use a TV variation language.
Teenagers use alcohol, tobacco and analgesics more than other drugs.
Teenagers use more gestures in nonverbal communication and more words to convey meanings.
Teenagers use the phrase commonly and easily, without thinking about how offensive it is.
Teenagers use their own language in chat rooms and for sending text messages on their mobile phones.
Teenagers use tobacco.
Teenagers walk around in sleeveless blouses.
Teenagers walk the same road from the first drink to alcoholism in three to six months.
Teenagers walk to school, scowling and accessing text messages on their mobile phones.
Teenagers watch more sitcoms than anything else they view.
Teenagers watch television an average of twenty-three hours each week.
Teenagers watch their parents closely in looking for values and standards.
Teenagers welcome, but regret no facilities for younger children.
Teenagers work on team building skills and self-esteem by participating in group initiatives.
Teenagers write and perform a play on race relations.
Teenagers always complain that their curfew is too early.
Teenagers frequently use violence as severe as their parents.
Teenagers often act without thinking first.
Teenagers often become rebellious in order to break free of the brick wall.
Teenagers often begin to explore their own voice through poetry.
Teenagers often can hear a message from their peers that they refuse to hear from their parents.
Teenagers often choose to stay with friends when their families come to the mission.
Teenagers often collect and wear objects that have symbolic and metaphoric meaning.
Teenagers often experience a shortened attention span.
Teenagers often experience irregular periods until their cycles are well established.
Teenagers often fail to recognize the symptoms of depression in themselves or in other people.
Teenagers often feel pulled to take sides with one parent or the other.
Teenagers often feel very strongly about many issues.
Teenagers often find themselves vying against adults for fast-food or maintenance jobs.
Teenagers often go missing due to family conflict or a desire to establish independence.
Teenagers often go to fast food restaurants.
Teenagers often have a false sense of safety and immortality.
Teenagers often have high energy needs and busy schedules.
Teenagers often have misunderstandings about the effectiveness of various forms of contraception.
Teenagers often hold onto things, including anger, for a long time.
Teenagers often look for approval among their peers.
Teenagers often perceive their parents as overly strict.
Teenagers often require daily washing of the hair.
Teenagers often seek career advice on how they, too, can become actresses.
Teenagers often seem to believe that driving is a right.
Teenagers often take on responsibilities that have legal implications.
Teenagers often take one day from school each week to work for the kibbutz.
Teenagers often travel in packs.
Teenagers often try to shock their parents with outrageous behavior and outrageous styles.
Teenagers often use drugs to cope with the challenges of adolescence.
Teenagers sometimes like to feel and to behave like adults.
Teenagers usually increase up to two teaspoons a day.
Teenagers usually make the news only when they scurry from gunshots or score touchdowns.
All teenagers are rebellious.
All teenagers are welcome.
All teenagers constantly think about sex.
All teenagers deserve their parents involvement and protection.
All teenagers deserve their parents' involvement and protection.
All teenagers feel like outcasts, even the kids who, on the surface, appear to have everything.
All teenagers feel tragic at some point.
All teenagers find it humiliating to be seen in public with their parents.
All teenagers have friends.
All teenagers struggle to know themselves.
All teenagers take risks as a normal part of growing up.
All teenagers take risks.
All teenagers think their parents are embarrassingly weird.
All teenagers undergo the same transformation, but to certain levels.
All teenagers welcome.
Any teenager is welcome.
Every teenager enjoys parties, dances and hanging out with friends.
Every teenager goes through a period of confusion and perceived displacement.
Every teenager goes through the phase when they feel very unsure of themselves.
Every teenager has dreams and aspirations.
Every teenager is different and has a unique personality.
Every teenager knows smoking is bad and smoking causes cancer.
Every teenager knows that keeping something a secret is hard.
Every teenager loves to sing, and right now teen music is a very lucrative market.
Every teenager needs to grieve in their own time and in their own way.
Every teenager needs to taste the essence of Ruby s actions and discover their own true grown self.
Many teenagers also like to show off while driving.
Many teenagers also sell or give the drugs to friends.
Many teenagers are concerned about losing or gaining weight.
Many teenagers are concerned with losing or gaining weight.
Many teenagers are inconsistent in their behavior.
Many teenagers are interested in political activism.
Many teenagers are lonely even in the midst of a crowd of their peers.
Many teenagers are sexually active.
Many teenagers are uncomfortable discussing contraception with parents, partners, and peers.
Many teenagers are very active in sports.
Many teenagers are very fragile.
Many teenagers attend support groups, tour the campus and visit with a birth mother.
Many teenagers become alcoholics very young in life.
Many teenagers become sullen, withdrawn, and stop valuing family as much as they used to.
Many teenagers begin smoking to feel grow-up.
Many teenagers begin to work while are re in high school.
Many teenagers choose to have babies for men who are twice their age.
Many teenagers come to see themselves primarily as consumers.
Many teenagers commit suicide and leave notes to their friends and family.
Many teenagers deal with tons of drama.
Many teenagers delight in the fact that they can move in with their best friends.
Many teenagers die as passengers in motor vehicles.
Many teenagers do their homework while in their room.
Many teenagers don t want to ask their parents for help.
Many teenagers experience times when keeping up with schoolwork is difficult.
Many teenagers feel lost and that there is no hope in their life.
Many teenagers feel that smoking is a smart lifestyle, contemporary, cool, the thing to do.
Many teenagers feel that they are treated as second class citizens without a say.
Many teenagers find it hard to say no to the lust of immodest dress and dancing.
Many teenagers form bands with their friends, sometimes just to play.
Many teenagers get a headache in the late afternoon when they are hungry.
Many teenagers get a iterest about sex.
Many teenagers get an interest about sex.
Many teenagers have a distorted image of what the perfect body is.
Many teenagers have cramps with their period.
Many teenagers have growing pains.
Many teenagers have supportive people around and positive ways to deal with their problems.
Many teenagers hide it in fear, and it has driven some to suicide.
Many teenagers lack sexual knowledge and rely on friends for information, which is often incorrect.
Many teenagers leave their villages to work in factories.
Many teenagers like to rebel against and act like they are bored with everything.
Many teenagers masturbate, it is very common.
Many teenagers move into adult life with relative ease.
Many teenagers quit before they get the experience to work the calmer, adult leagues.
Many teenagers refuse to accept their responsibility for their actions.
Many teenagers remember the glare of the flashlight just as the kissing began.
Many teenagers respond by adopting extraordinary tactics to remain fashionably slim.
Many teenagers say that it is through music that they are able to let their voices out.
Many teenagers say they smoke marijuana to escape from the problems in their lives.
Many teenagers show their ideas and opinions by the way they look.
Many teenagers skip breakfast so that they can spend that time sleeping or grooming.
Many teenagers smoke because they feel more adult.
Many teenagers spend their time dreaming about Chicago or Bloomington.
Many teenagers still design web pages.
Many teenagers think the government just wants to harass teenagers.
Many teenagers use the colour peach or just a light soft pink colour.
Many teenagers wish they looked better in the mirror.
Many teenagers worry that they are developing too slow or too fast.
Many teenagers write frightening poetry.
More teenagers become pregnant in the United States than any where else in the world.
More teenagers become pregnant out of wedlock in the U.S. than in any other country.
More teenagers die from car crashes than die from diseases, or homicides, or suicides.
More teenagers smoke now than ever before.
Most teenagers are interested in girls, driving, and other healthy hobbies.
Most teenagers are like sheep who are compelled to stay with their flock.
Most teenagers are sexually active in Africa because the standards are different.
Most teenagers are sexually active.
Most teenagers are very busy people.
Most teenagers can readily learn muscle relaxation and deep slow breathing.
Most teenagers carry pictures of friends, or their car, or family members in their wallets.
Most teenagers come into contact with drugs.
Most teenagers construct a lasting sense of self through both engagement and separation.
Most teenagers diagnosed with depression have school difficulties including bad behaior.
Most teenagers do have it all.
Most teenagers do the right thing most of the time.
Most teenagers do, after all, grow up to be most adults.
Most teenagers do.
Most teenagers don t talk a lot with their parents.
Most teenagers don t understand the importance of money.
Most teenagers eat fast food.
Most teenagers eat food.
Most teenagers eat junk food.
Most teenagers emerge unscathed or maybe with just a few nicks and bruises.
Most teenagers feel like aliens, so a series about aliens who are teenagers is right on the mark.
Most teenagers feel presence.
Most teenagers feel they are immortal.
Most teenagers feel they have little or no voice in family affairs.
Most teenagers get acne.
Most teenagers get around on foot.
Most teenagers get by.
Most teenagers get into trouble.
Most teenagers go through puberty.
Most teenagers grow up in different environments in the world.
Most teenagers have a code of silence.
Most teenagers have grow pain.
Most teenagers have pain.
Most teenagers have problems with acne.
Most teenagers have senses.
Most teenagers have some acne.
Most teenagers have the idea they're indestructible.
Most teenagers hear causes.
Most teenagers know about Swiss cheese and chocolates.
Most teenagers learn about evolution.
Most teenagers reach ages.
Most teenagers rely on the Pill and the condom.
Most teenagers seek attention.
Most teenagers smoke their first cigarettes with friends who already smoke.
Most teenagers spend part of their earnings on sweets.
Most teenagers start jobs.
Most teenagers try so hard to be different.
Most teenagers try their first cigarette with a friend who is already a smoker.
Most teenagers turn a deaf ear to mom.
Most teenagers understand it.
Most teenagers wait for that one-day where they can get behind the wheel and drive anywhere.
Most teenagers work part time but typically at jobs that are unrelated to their career goals.
Most teenagers yearn to be cool and to be in charge of their lives.
Some teenager experience the drug in school or out of school.
Some teenagers are conscious of the media's role in setting the male standard.
Some teenagers are rushed to hospitals.
Some teenagers are simply too young for full understanding.
Some teenagers are unwilling to listen and learn from their parents.
Some teenagers are upset by the bruises.
Some teenagers are very apprehensive about large groups and meeting new people.
Some teenagers avoid school out of fear of their peers.
Some teenagers become overwhelmed by guilt, anxiety, and fears about the future.
Some teenagers begin education.
Some teenagers believe that experimenting with drugs is a part of growing up.
Some teenagers brag after receiving probation for an alcohol-related offense.
Some teenagers break necks.
Some teenagers can be more withdrawn.
Some teenagers carry out attacks.
Some teenagers carry their own cell phones.
Some teenagers commit murder.
Some teenagers date multiple partners.
Some teenagers dislike any exercise.
Some teenagers do have lots of pimples on their face too.
Some teenagers drink cocktails which mix two or three or more nips of different spirits together.
Some teenagers engage in anti-social behavior in order to attract attention to themselves.
Some teenagers even shoplift in gangs to see who can steal the most.
Some teenagers face physical danger from angry parents.
Some teenagers fold under pressure and some overcome the pressure.
Some teenagers follow men.
Some teenagers follow old men.
Some teenagers follow strange men.
Some teenagers follow strange old men.
Some teenagers get accidents.
Some teenagers get car accidents.
Some teenagers have credit cards.
Some teenagers have more problems during adolescence than others.
Some teenagers have periods.
Some teenagers help animals.
Some teenagers insist they have profited from the experience.
Some teenagers just love the Net, and others too are pursuing an IT career from their own bedroom.
Some teenagers kill a few people, it's because of violent videogames .
Some teenagers know that it takes a lot more than that.
Some teenagers leave schools.
Some teenagers like to get the attention from parents and others.
Some teenagers live in regions where the local judges simply never grant bypass petitions.
Some teenagers lose weight.
Some teenagers make friends with other students and some just make friends with Hmong students.
Some teenagers make their bedrooms into shrines to rock stars.
Some teenagers only drink or get drunk at social and sports events.
Some teenagers overuse the phrase.
Some teenagers profess faith and then eventually fall away.
Some teenagers respond better, some worse, to certain approaches.
Some teenagers run homes.
Some teenagers see all that mythology and notice it.
Some teenagers smoke cigarettes.
Some teenagers try to protect their remaining parent by keeping quiet about their own feelings.
Some teenagers turn to alcohol and drugs.
Some teenagers visit sites.
Some teenagers wear devices.
Some teenagers worry most about getting rid of pimples or finding a date to the prom.
Some teenagers worry too much about their weight and starve their bodies.
Some teenagers write letters to relatives and friends, soliciting help.
Teenies can frolic in the shallows.
Teens sex offers a variety of Asian picture g eries and stories.
A teepee is a tent
Teepees are available for the brave hearts looking for the outdoor experience.
Teepees are excellent for cold weather.
Teepees can become a decorative accent by using terra cotta finials.
Every teepee holds a new adventure.
A teeter is a toy
Teeter is a girl and Totter is a boy .
Teeter is a girl and Totter is a boy.
Teeter is a new arrival at the shelter and is being evaluated.
Teeter is like seesaw, and it is played by women and is a good chance for women to see the outdoors.
Teeter stresses that there is no reason to assume that any of the names refer to an unknown drug.
Teeth brushing is a common area for power struggles to emerge between parent and child.
Teeth cleaning is a bit controversial.
Teeth extraction is cheaper compared to repairing.
Teeth protectors are mandatory.
Teeth are capable of decay.
Teeth are located in mouths.
Teeth are located in plates.
Teeth are part of zippers.
A teething is growth
Teething are biological growth.
Teething are growth.
Teething begins for most babies around four to six months.
Teething begins with lower front incisors erupting.
Teething can also kill a baby s appetite.
Teething can be a stressful time for both parents and infant.
Teething can be rough for both infant and parent.
Teething can be very painful.
Teething causes high fever.
Teething causes infants to run a fever.
Teething describes the physiologic process of tooth eruption through the gums of the mouth.
Teething has nothing to do with a horse biting people.
Teething is a natural process in which primary teeth erupt into the oral cavity.
Teething is an absolute nightmare.
Teething is late, and the teeth that do appear decay.
Teething is one of the number one causes of nursing strikes.
Teething is one of the reasons they wail.
Teething is related to fever, but look for other sources in the ill-appearing child.
Teething is the most critical time.
Teething is the normal process of new teeth working their way through the gums.
Teething is the process of teeth moving and breaking through the gums.
Teething is when baby teeth start coming through the child's gums.
Teething occurs around six months.
Teething starts with the lower front incisors.
Teething often causes a fever.
Teething usually commences around six months and continues until the end of the first year.
A teetotalism is abstinence
Teetotalism is the principle or practice of complete abstinence from alcoholic drinks.
A teetotaller is a person
Teetotallers lack the sympathy and generosity of men that drink.
A teff is grass
TEFF is three miles ahead on the right.
Teflex sheets are non-stick, solid sheets.
A teg is a lamb
TEGs continuously consume fuel and require frequent maintenance.
Teh geneis out of the bottle and the cork is lodged firmly up the middlemans butt.
Teie nime alt valeteadete saatmist.
Teiids are classic examples of actively foraging lizards.
Teiids generally live in burrows they excavate themselves or that are made by other animals.
Teiids have good visual and olfactory systems.
Teiids maintain high body temperature while active by shuttling between sun and shade.
All teiids are egg layers.
A tektite is glass
Tektites are a special type of glassy meteorite.
Tektites are a special type of impactite which show characteristics produced by flight.
Tektites are bits of colored glass, formed from melted quartz minerals, heated by impact.
Tektites are flash frozen bits of ejecta produced by meteorite impacts.
Tektites are larger glass beads with unusual shapes and surface textures.
Tektites are protective in nature and aid one in grounding into Earth reality.
Tektites are rocks that have been melted to glass by the severe heat of an impact.
Tektites are smooth glass-like stones that are found in certain sedimentary layers on earth.
Tektites are strange glassy objects scattered over the earth's surface at various locations.
Tektites are terrestrial.
Tektites are usually translucent, and occur in a range of colors from green to brown.
Tektites occur in broad bands in specific localities in different parts of the world.
Tektites usually have a heavily pitted surface.
Some tektites are so rare they command very high prices on the collector's market.
Some tektites are teardrop shape, indicating that they have been moulded by aerodynamic forces.
Telangiectatic osteosarcoma arises within the diaphysis with frequent extension into the metaphysis.
Telco cables are well-known.
Telco drives on steadily.
Every telco loses.
Telcos actually supply a 'dial tone' service.
Telcos are fun to deal with.
Telcos are generally reluctant to market extra lines because they're running out of copper.
Telcos are no fun.
Telcos are older, but more slow-moving beasts.
Telcos are particularly sensitive to security threats.
Telcos are the good.
Telcos face financial drain post-privatization.
Telcos install nationwide numbering plan.
Telcos like to implement standards-based technologies.
Telcos prefer to control and manage, and their networks function in a controlled environment.
Telcos scramble for slice of the One.
Many telcos grow passively.
Most telcos are now private.
Most telcos have a process in place to remove the load coil from the line.
Some telcos offer call forward variable, others call forward busy.
Some telcos provide a data-quality line for modem use.
Teleautonomous systems attempt to combine the advantages of telerobotics and autonomous systems.
Many telebusiness reps are afraid to ask questions.
Telecard descriptions are below the picture file.
Telecard use helps provide the service at a lower cost to the user with increased convenience.
A telecast is a broadcast
Telecast is heavily involved in both digital and HDTV systems.
Telecasts are available in english, french, spanish and other languages.
A telecaster is a broadcaster
Telecasters are funny instruments.
Telecentre approaches are often fundamental to the success of community telework initiatives.
Telecentric optics is the heart of the system.
Telecollaborative environments enable students to become involved with meaningful, purposeful work.
Telecom billing is still awful, and the incumbent phone companies are still the worst offenders.
Telecom carriers face another big challenge from the coming explosion in wireless technology.
Telecom companies are well aware of such concerns.
Telecom companies do it.
Telecom companies have intense infrastructures that defy modeling.
Telecom companies see China as a vast frontier of relatively untapped potential.
Most telecom companies spend all of their money and then try to raise cash afterward.
Telecom networks are the essential vehicles that enable location services.
Telecom networks use circuit switches that incur a delay when making connections.
Telecom providers are pioneers in providing properties with the necessary bandwidth solutions.
Some telecom providers say the incumbents charge unreasonable prices and create service delays.
A telecom is a medium
Telecom also provides a full range of scanning services .
Telecom blames the line noise on the gold dredges.
Telecom dials up mixed result.
Telecom handle telecom telecom flock Peace engage from several telecom.
Telecom has four fibres joining the two cities, two old and two new ones.
Telecom has two Cisco wireless NICs for use in testing.
Telecom installs a splitter on the phone line.
Telecom is a basic necessity for all consumers.
Telecom is a critical element in setting agendas, and, sometimes, in maintaining governance.
Telecom is a global full service telecommunications provider for businesses and individuals.
Telecom is a global Internet telephony services carrier for businesses and individuals.
Telecom is a good example.
Telecom is a highly regulation-driven business.
Telecom is a partner and participant in the project.
Telecom is a strategic industry and a generator of economic growth and employment.
Telecom is a trillion dollar business worlwide.
Telecom is all seed.
Telecom is also massively capital intensive up front.
Telecom is an extremely competitive, fast-paced market.
Telecom is an interesting example.
Telecom is aware of the issue, has identified it, and is working to rectify it.
Telecom is big.
Telecom is capable of good faith changes, however, and a review in a few months seems good.
Telecom is changing faster than any book, magazine or class can really capture.
Telecom is down the tubes.
Telecom is Europe's third largest telecommunications group.
Telecom is in the process of creating service profiles and user mailboxes.
Telecom is no different.
Telecom is no longer a monopoly, and ADSL lines are now being offered.
Telecom is on call, networking is on call, PC support is on call, management is on call.
Telecom is one of our major employers.
Telecom is one of the few profitable government businesses.
Telecom is such an equalizer.
Telecom is the motor to economic growth in Europe.
Telecom is the voice of builders here.
Telecom isa instrumentality.
Telecom makes some moves.
Telecom means more than travel substitution.
Telecom now has an on-line directory search listing personal and commerical subscribers.
Telecom offers solutions for a wide range of corporate, business and residential customers.
Telecom organizes global and regional trade shows and conferences.
Telecom promotes development - economic, social, cultural and political.
Telecom provides the basic telephone service for the college.
Telecom reports on phone detail by department.
Telecom seem to order the equipment on a minimal basis.
Telecom stands out.
Telecom Take full advantage of new media to increase efficiency and drive up revenues.
Telecoms have (part) sections.
Telecoms is a highly regulation-driven business.
Telecoms is a hot sector.
Telecoms is a significant part of the UK economy.
Telecoms is at a similar junction point today.
Telecoms is now the third largest sector of the global economy, behind only healthcare and banking.
Telecoms is particularly ripe for development.
Telecoms is the infrastructure that powers the other components of the infocomm industry.
All telecom wear slight since major, or dollar leave someone.
Any telecom expect keen indeed valuable, after living-room bought somebody.
Telecommunication companies are, of course, completely computer dependent.
Telecommunication companies can also reduce costs by reducing fraud.
Telecommunication equipment are also for sale.
Telecommunication equipment is available for facsimile transmission and electronic mail.
Telecommunication equipment is installed at the factory prior to shipment.
Telecommunication facilities are available directly for each apartment.
Telecommunication firms provide services.
Telecommunication industry Look for partners that can help with providing critical mass of users.
Telecommunication links are excellent and so are local banking, legal and accounting facilities.
Telecommunication network is also in the process of perfection.
Telecommunication Networks Build Up.
Telecommunication networks constitute a fundamental case in point.
All telecommunication ratings are estimates of audience participation.
Telecommunication service is poor.
Telecommunication services are highly developed.
Telecommunication services are telecommunication services.
Telecommunication services are telecommunications companies.
Telecommunication services plays an important role in the further development of the region.
Telecommunication services qualify, for both wired and wireless from commercial suppliers.
Telecommunication systems are communication systems.
Telecommunication systems are just too diverse for only one entity to handle.
Telecommunication technologies open new information and communication possibilities.
Telecommunication technology can bring the real world into the classroom.
Telecommunication breaks down the physical and cultural barriers between distant people.
Telecommunication does have a populist role to play.
Telecommunication has (part) sections.
Telecommunication Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Telecommunication Hold the phone more area codes on the way Get ready for more telephone changes.
Telecommunication is a medium
Telecommunication is a particularly powerful tool for students with hearing impairments.
Telecommunication is a real strong point of Linux.
Telecommunication is a vital infrastructure.
Telecommunication is electrical engineering.
Telecommunication is mediums.
Telecommunication is one of the fasted growing segments of business today.
Telecommunication is the basic infrastructure of the society.
Telecommunication is the most important sector for the security of the country.
Telecommunication is used to deliver education at remote sites and for delivery of health care.
Telecommunication isa instrumentality.
Telecommunication literally means communication over distance.
Telecommunication pertains to all media that enable communication from a distance.
Telecommunication provides a wide range of services to both administrative and student customers.
Telecommunication Provides detailed information of Chinese telecommunication and zip code systems.
Telecommunication provides outside experts to enrich student research.
Telecommunication refers to a case-based discussion between pathologists.
Telecommunication requires both technical and business-related knowledge and skills.
Telecommunication takes place at school and at home.
Telecommunications allow a student to have independent access to a wide variety of information.
Telecommunications allows consumers to make purchases without traveling to store locations.
Telecommunications allows distant researchers to communicate and pool their data.
Telecommunications allows information to be shared across state and even national borders.
Telecommunications also facilitate collaborative consultation between providers.
Telecommunications also get much attention.
Telecommunications also installs all phones on campus.
Telecommunications also makes access to the Internet possible.
Telecommunications also offers a forum for students to share their manuscripts and stories.
Telecommunications also reduces the isolation felt by students and teachers in rural schools.
Telecommunications are a critical part of brokerage money management.
Telecommunications are available from post offices and hotels.
Telecommunications are dynamic.
Telecommunications are excellent and well up to International standards.
Telecommunications are excellent, and Chile has one of the best networks in the hemisphere.
Telecommunications are far from perfect.
Telecommunications are generally adequate but can be unreliable, especially during the rainy season.
Telecommunications are good, and comparable to elsewhere in Malaysia.
Telecommunications are key in rebuilding one's business.
Telecommunications are no better than pheromones or the baying of hounds.
Telecommunications are notoriously poor in quality and coverage.
Telecommunications are notoriously susceptible to interception and invasions of privacy.
Telecommunications are now a vital part of almost all business transactions.
Telecommunications are now central to the functions of a privacy regulator.
Telecommunications are of vital importance in every business.
Telecommunications are outstanding.
Telecommunications are slow and often impossible.
Telecommunications are state of the art and all major courier companies service the island.
Telecommunications are the fastest growing sector in the competitive Finnish economy.
Telecommunications are the generator of new products and new businesses.
Telecommunications are the information highways of today and tomorrow.
Telecommunications are very important to people.
Telecommunications are very poor.
Telecommunications background extremely important.
Telecommunications Below is a list of the most commonly used email programs on campus.
Telecommunications benefit students by making information and resources easier to access.
Telecommunications brings the world of professional journalism into the classroom.
Telecommunications can advise departments on the correct headset and handle the ordering.
Telecommunications can be both a complement and a substitute for transportation.
Telecommunications can be problematic, particularly outside the major metropolitan areas.
Telecommunications can bring people and events from all over the globe into every classroom.
Telecommunications can delete the message before it is broadcast.
Telecommunications can effect more than just the economy, and all the media conglomerates.
Telecommunications can eliminate geography as a barrier to obtaining that knowledge and information.
Telecommunications can enhance economic development without changing the rural quality of life .
Telecommunications can facilitate teacher collaboration and sharing of planning resources.
Telecommunications can furthermore cause the route of a trip to change.
Telecommunications can help in other ways.
Telecommunications can prosecute students who commit fraud against another student.
Telecommunications can provide a calling card for placing business calls while traveling.
Telecommunications can transform the economic health of a community.
Telecommunications changes the relationship between schools and their communities.
Telecommunications charges a fee for wiring installation.
Telecommunications Click on the links above to find out more information about each committee.
Telecommunications consultants New Zealand.
Telecommunications continues to provide a daily forum for sharing ideas, advice and experience.
Telecommunications describes any system which is capable of transmitting data in electronic form.
Telecommunications directly arranges for all pay phones on campus.
Telecommunications does a thorough check of each phone to determine if any damage is present.
Telecommunications does a thorough check of each phone to determine if damage is present.
Telecommunications does the physical part.
Telecommunications enables users to make remote diagnoses of prisoners.
Telecommunications encompasses many topics.
Telecommunications expand the curriculum by bringing the real world into the classroom.
Telecommunications expands our virtual world to the whole globe.
Telecommunications experience a definite plus.
Telecommunications experience a plus, but willing to train a suitable candidate.
Telecommunications experience a plus.
Telecommunications extends the network to others around the world.
Telecommunications facilitate the development of underserved communities.
Telecommunications falls into that.
Telecommunications Find answers about the phones, and voice mail.
Telecommunications forms an inportant part of most modern day information systems.
Telecommunications Get info on long distance service and special features.
Telecommunications Get information about telecommunication services on campus.
Telecommunications handles all student telephone sign-up for phone service.
Telecommunications has a different potential.
Telecommunications has a low credit limit club for students to join.
Telecommunications has a low priority.
Telecommunications has country and city code information available.
Telecommunications has long-distance calling cards available.
Telecommunications has the potential to change the dynamics of communication on many levels.
Telecommunications have to be very responsible.
Telecommunications help directory .
Telecommunications highly discourages cordless phones.
Telecommunications includes all aspects of transmitting information.
Telecommunications includes everything from e-mail to digital cellular phones.
Telecommunications is a bedrock of modern business, but also of the modern person s social life.
Telecommunications is a critical component in existing and emerging information systems.
Telecommunications is a critical tool for employment.
Telecommunications is a crucial part of our increasing borderless world.
Telecommunications is a diverse industry.
Telecommunications is a fundamental infrastructure of the Canadian economy and society.
Telecommunications is a global game.
Telecommunications is a great leveller, too.
Telecommunications is a lifeline of business.
Telecommunications is a method of communication.
Telecommunications is a progressive, innovative and creative field-the opportunities are endless.
Telecommunications is a rapidly changing industry.
Telecommunications is a rapidly changing, complex business.
Telecommunications is a reflection of economic activity.
Telecommunications is a tough market.
Telecommunications is a trillion-dollar industry, and everything about it is changing.
Telecommunications is a vital part of the electronic economy.
Telecommunications is a vital, growing and enormously profitable industry.
Telecommunications is about culture and the core values of our society.
Telecommunications is about togetherness.
Telecommunications is also about culture.
Telecommunications is an amazing resource.
Telecommunications is an area of particular interest.
Telecommunications is an area with potential for U.S. exporters.
Telecommunications is an exploding industry right now.
Telecommunications is an important example.
Telecommunications is an important part of genealogical computing.
Telecommunications is another area of upcoming investment opportunity.
Telecommunications is another area where privatization is moving ahead.
Telecommunications is another booming technology sector in the state of Virginia.
Telecommunications is another critical area.
Telecommunications is another IT infrastructure that provides a healthy outsourcing solution.
Telecommunications is another.
Telecommunications is available for public viewing of satellite programs.
Telecommunications is definitely a building block of the modern age.
Telecommunications is designed to provide cost-effective telecommunications service.
Telecommunications is downshifting.
Telecommunications is expensive and unevenly established.
Telecommunications is extremely competitive in every aspect of the business.
Telecommunications is extremely important to the U.S. economy.
Telecommunications is far and away the No.
Telecommunications is in big trouble.
Telecommunications is in the process of rewiring the building to the campus wiring spec.
Telecommunications is included within the information industry.
Telecommunications is increasingly a seamless, global industry.
Telecommunications is inherently commercial.
Telecommunications is inherently democratic.
Telecommunications is key to helping modern business succeed.
Telecommunications is modern and, with the advent of deregulation, prices have dropped dramatically.
Telecommunications is mostly nationalistic, monopolistic, and highly regulated.
Telecommunications is much like other challenges facing rural America.
Telecommunications is no different to insurance.
Telecommunications is no exception, especially when it comes to cellular phones.
Telecommunications is notorious for substantial special interest influence over policy.
Telecommunications is now at the forefront of today's business world.
Telecommunications is one example that comes to mind immediately.
Telecommunications is one example.
Telecommunications is one of the fastest growing fields in business today.
Telecommunications is one of the fastest growing fields of electronic technology.
Telecommunications is one of the fastest growing industries in the world today.
Telecommunications is one of the fastest growing industries in today s market.
Telecommunications is one of the fastest growing sectors in the Estonian economy.
Telecommunications is one of the fastest-growing and most dynamic industries in the world today.
Telecommunications is one of the hot areas for job opportunities today.
Telecommunications is one of the industries they follow.
Telecommunications is one of the most dynamic sectors of the world economy.
Telecommunications is one of the most exciting industries in existence today.
Telecommunications is one of the most potential forces in the world today.
Telecommunications is one of the most rapidly growing areas in information systems.
Telecommunications is one of the rapidly expanding areas supported by industry in the subject.
Telecommunications is one of the world's most dynamic and brutally competitive businesses.
Telecommunications is one of three areas of study offered by the nonprofit organization.
Telecommunications is operated as a break-even operation.
Telecommunications is part of their economic development.
Telecommunications is perhaps the most exciting, dynamic industry in the world today.
Telecommunications is privatized.
Telecommunications is projected to be one of the fastest growing employment areas for the future.
Telecommunications is related to most of the ares of electrical engineering.
Telecommunications is required for some of the software.
Telecommunications is resonsible for some of the largest costs of any company.
Telecommunications is responsible for all SNET advertising, billing and directories on campus.
Telecommunications is responsible for providing and repair of pagers used within the District.
Telecommunications is simply everywhere.
Telecommunications is still a relatively low-tech affair.
Telecommunications is still a tightly regulated industry in Japan.
Telecommunications is still the major expense for many telemedicine programs.
Telecommunications Is the circulation system for the organization.
Telecommunications is the communication of information by electronic means.
Telecommunications is the fastest growing segment of the Massachusetts economy.
Telecommunications is the great equalizer because it makes information available to everyone.
Telecommunications is the high tech sector in society.
Telecommunications is the hottest sector of China's economy.
Telecommunications is the key sector for investment in the country.
Telecommunications is the key.
Telecommunications is the life blood of society.
Telecommunications is the most important physical infrastructure in the modern world.
Telecommunications is the No.
Telecommunications is the number one area of consumer complaints in Wisconsin.
Telecommunications is the only sector that remains closed to new foreign investment in key areas.
Telecommunications is the second emphasis.
Telecommunications is the solution.
Telecommunications is the technology of the future.
Telecommunications is up.
Telecommunications is very important to all businessmen.
Telecommunications is, at present, a black art rather than a science.
Telecommunications knowledge a plus.
Telecommunications Learn more about Telecommuting Trends .
Telecommunications lends itself ideally to integrated curriculum.
Telecommunications make it possible for anyone with a modem to access the web.
Telecommunications make networking even more accessible and flexible.
Telecommunications makes a call.
Telecommunications makes it possible for people to work at home rather than in an office.
Telecommunications makes it possible.
Telecommunications makes our remote location irrelevant.
Telecommunications makes the transportation system work more effectively and efficiently.
Telecommunications makes travel time more productive and more feasible for travelers.
Telecommunications manages contracts.
Telecommunications necessitate international co-operation.
Telecommunications now provides local service to students who live off campus.
Telecommunications now requires that they handle all new wiring.
Telecommunications offers a unique opportunity for rural development.
Telecommunications offers an unimaginable ability to cross cultural barriers.
Telecommunications offers classes weekly on use of their equipment.
Telecommunications offers many opportunities to contribute to a more sustainable world.
Telecommunications offers training on voice mail and the phone system.
Telecommunications offers two types of headsets for our users.
Telecommunications offers yet another way to connect people and enhance a sense of community.
Telecommunications only comes as far as the building.
Telecommunications opens classrooms to electronic information resources available around the globe.
Telecommunications pays good residuals and it's used by everyone.
Telecommunications performs installation, troubleshooting and maintenance of university computers.
Telecommunications permits their teaching from their homes in different cities.
Telecommunications plans to move to line rates that more accurately reflect costs.
Telecommunications plays a vital role in every business.
Telecommunications plays an increasingly important role in our lives.
Telecommunications plays an integral role in the development of communities.
Telecommunications prepares a written recommendation when needed.
Telecommunications presently consists of a digital satellite voice network serving the community.
Telecommunications provides a whole world of real-time interactive opportunities for participants.
Telecommunications Provides access to the full-text for telecommunications industry publications.
Telecommunications provides account setup and administration services for dial-up network access .
Telecommunications provides account setup and administration services for dial-up network access.
Telecommunications provides all telephone services for the university campus.
Telecommunications provides an opportunity to link educators both within a state and across states.
Telecommunications Provides brief profiles of industries.
Telecommunications Provides help desk, message center and general telecommunications support.
Telecommunications provides local service and voice mail to campus residents.
Telecommunications provides telephone and data services to all of UCSD campus.
Telecommunications provides the backbone for all e-commerce solutions.
Telecommunications provides the voice, data and video transmission capabilities for the university.
Telecommunications provides the voice, data, and video transmission capabilities for the university.
Telecommunications remove the boundaries of time and distance in communicating.
Telecommunications represents a crucial component of almost every business operation.
Telecommunications represents one of the emerging sectors of employment growth in Washington.
Telecommunications requires both technical and business-related knowledge and skills.
Telecommunications requires complex technology.
Telecommunications requires three to five days to process the change.
Telecommunications reserves the right to adjust fees per semester when necessary.
Telecommunications schedules a meeting with the requesting department to refine the requirements.
Telecommunications speeds up the pace of economic activity.
Telecommunications substantially changes the number of resources available to students.
Telecommunications take an interesting political spin in some Eastern countries.
Telecommunications use technology to enhance their understanding and development of basic skills.
Many telecommunications features for Native American audiences.
Most telecommunications requires the use of third party computer systems.
Telecommunications carriers monitor the traffic report on a monthly basis.
Telecommunications carriers obtain a great deal of sensitive information about their customers.
Telecommunications carriers use it to study and combat customer turnover.
All telecommunications carriers are eligible.
Many telecommunications carriers charge a per-mile fee for their services.
Telecommunications companies account for about one-quarter of that.
Telecommunications companies are commercial organizations.
Telecommunications companies are in a battle for the consumer s dollar.
Telecommunications companies are in play.
Telecommunications companies can minimize the impacts of their facilities on hikers.
Telecommunications companies can track growth patterns to see where they want to install networks.
Telecommunications companies do it.
Telecommunications companies have different constraints.
Telecommunications companies have to make sure that new services work on future phones.
Telecommunications companies help track and record oil and gas movements.
Telecommunications companies make so much money because humans love to talk.
Telecommunications companies operate lots of electronic equipment.
Telecommunications companies pay into the fund and state officials distribute the money to schools.
Telecommunications companies use the TEFL as a laboratory and production tool.
Telecommunications company takes controlling stake in business networking service.
Telecommunications company takes stake in hosting and connectivity service.
Many telecommunications companies make it difficult to understand their true rates .
Most telecommunications companies are still very conservative.
Most telecommunications companies conduct business internationally.
Telecommunications engineering requires both system and software experience and knowledge.
All telecommunications equipment is available to students for their use.
Some telecommunications equipment related to radio frequencies require type approvals.
Telecommunications facilities are perfect.
Telecommunications networks are by far the largest man-made system ever created.
Telecommunications networks are the fundamental starting point.
Telecommunications networks constitute the critical infrastructure of the information age.
Telecommunications networks continue to undergo remarkable evolution and growth.
Telecommunications networks offer access to the information superhighway.
Telecommunications networks provide the foundation upon which electronic commerce is based.
Telecommunications policies have the potential to bring new economic resources to communities.
Telecommunications providers begin meeting to identify possible solutions to the problem.
Telecommunications providers move rapidly to bring innovative services to market.
Telecommunications providers remain responsible for their own management decisions.
Telecommunications services are a natural complement to information technology products.
Telecommunications services are as fast as their slowest link.
Telecommunications services are lifeline service for all New Jersey residents.
Telecommunications services facilitate business transactions.
Telecommunications services provide a platform for economic growth.
Telecommunications services range from good to poor depending on the location.
Telecommunications services resold to hotel guests are also subject to tax.
Telecommunications software has a menu selection to set data bits.
Telecommunications software is a program used to allow the computer to communicate through a modem.
Telecommunications software is application programs.
Most telecommunications software can emulate a variety of common computer terminals.
Telecommunications system is considered residual.
Telecommunications systems can transmit text, graphic images, voice, or video information.
Telecommunications systems fail.
Telecommunications systems provide the infrastructure for communication of electronic data.
Telecommunications technologies are one avenue for exploration.
Telecommunications technology is a key component of that vision.
Telecommunications technology is both powerful and complex.
Telecommunications technology is definitely important.
Telecommunications technology is the merging of computers and television.
Most telecommuting jobs require some equipment in addition to the telephone.
A telecommuting is work
Telecommuting allows a state employee to work outside the capitol.
Telecommuting allows companies to consolidate office space.
Telecommuting allows employees the flexibility to work when they are at their best.
Telecommuting allows employees to work in offsite locations via computers and telephone lines.
Telecommuting allows more efficient utilization of home space.
Telecommuting allows one to expand the borders for recruiting or employment.
Telecommuting also can ease personal crisis situations.
Telecommuting also helps our communities.
Telecommuting also increases productivity and business flexibility.
Telecommuting also provides nice rewards for employers as well.
Telecommuting also provides staffing flexibility.
Telecommuting also raises issues of fairness.
Telecommuting also represents the mobile workforce.
Telecommuting also tests workers' ability to draw a firm line between family and work.
Telecommuting appears to have everything going for it.
Telecommuting can be a cost saver for employers.
Telecommuting can be a great benefit for both the businesses and the employees involved.
Telecommuting can be a particular boon to small businesses .
Telecommuting can be a powerful recruiting tool, especially in the information technology field.
Telecommuting can be another option for parents who want to work from home.
Telecommuting can be as simple as catching up on reading at home.
Telecommuting can be very powerful management tool.
Telecommuting can cut automobile emissions and road congestion.
Telecommuting can eliminate the stress and discomfort of the commute.
Telecommuting can encompass a wide variety of types of work, corporate cultures and job demands.
Telecommuting can help balance work and family demands.
Telecommuting can isolate workers from their co-workers.
Telecommuting can occur in many different forms.
Telecommuting can occur on a regular or occasional basis as needed.
Telecommuting can provide a new paradigm for the worker of the information society.
Telecommuting can put a strain on family members.
Telecommuting can reduce peak-period commuting travel, and thus help reduce congestion.
Telecommuting can result in higher quality work at a lower cost.
Telecommuting can sometimes cause managers to be overwhelmed with trust and control issues.
Telecommuting consists of working at home or another off-site location.
Telecommuting contributes handily as well.
Telecommuting decreases absenteeism because it allows flexible scheduling of work.
Telecommuting demands a culture change and a radical shift in business strategy.
Telecommuting does require careful planning before it can be tested and implemented on a wide scale.
Telecommuting enables firms to recruit from a greater resource pool.
Telecommuting expands the breadth of talent available.
Telecommuting expands the radius of the labor pool.
Telecommuting generally means wearing many hats.
Telecommuting generally occurs on a part-time basis.
Telecommuting has many advantages for employer and employee alike.
Telecommuting has many benefits.
Telecommuting has the potential to make a tremendous positive impact on society.
Telecommuting has the potential to stem the growth in auto travel.
Telecommuting has tremendous environmental benefits.
Telecommuting helps an organization reduce their costs.
Telecommuting helps provide a better quality of life for many employees and is family friendly.
Telecommuting holds the potential for increasing quality of life by decreasing employee commutes.
Telecommuting holds the potential for increasing quality of life by decreasing employees commutes.
Telecommuting implies telework.
Telecommuting increases the quantity and the quality of the workers product.
Telecommuting involves both transportation and communication.
Telecommuting involves hard work, dedication and adjustment.
Telecommuting is a big change for employees too.
Telecommuting is a bunch of crap.
Telecommuting is a by-product of technology too.
Telecommuting is a by-product of technology, too.
Telecommuting is a commute choice quickly rising in popularity with both employees and employers.
Telecommuting is a complete change in lifestyle.
Telecommuting is a different way of doing work.
Telecommuting is a form of teleworking.
Telecommuting is a frequent thought.
Telecommuting is a good choice for people who are comfortable working alone.
Telecommuting is a great retention and recruitment tool.
Telecommuting is a growing employee benefit.
Telecommuting is a growing segment of the job market, especially for contract programmers.
Telecommuting is a huge conveniece advantage.
Telecommuting is a new concept to many companies.
Telecommuting is a new term used to describe the modern way of working from home.
Telecommuting is a novel approach to be contemplated by the more progressive employers.
Telecommuting is a option.
Telecommuting is a paradigm shift in thinking about the workplace and supervision.
Telecommuting is a possibility for the right developers.
Telecommuting is a reality.
Telecommuting is a strategy that can be employed in both rural and urban areas.
Telecommuting is a valuable management strategy for improving the effectiveness of any organization.
Telecommuting is a very interesting and complex subject.
Telecommuting is a very liberating and addictive thing.
Telecommuting is a vital catalyst in the process of entrepreneurship and job creation.
Telecommuting is a way of life.
Telecommuting is a way to bring the job to the person rather than the person to the job.
Telecommuting is a way to keep valuable employees who opt for the quality lane.
Telecommuting is a win-win situation.
Telecommuting is about change.
Telecommuting is acceptable.
Telecommuting is almost a requirement.
Telecommuting is already popular and growing.
Telecommuting is also a mechanism for recruiting persons with disabilities.
Telecommuting is also on the rise as an option that allows people to work effectively from home.
Telecommuting is also possible.
Telecommuting is an environmentally friendly decision.
Telecommuting is an idea whose time has come for the nonprofit sector, many say.
Telecommuting is an idea whose time is now.
Telecommuting is an option that needs to be explored more fully.
Telecommuting is an option.
Telecommuting is another manifestation of information technology's location independence.
Telecommuting is another name for working at home.
Telecommuting is another option.
Telecommuting is another universally applicable solution, and one that involves minimal costs.
Telecommuting is applicable for jobs that can be performed at least part-time away from the office.
Telecommuting is as old as the hills.
Telecommuting is available under certain conditions.
Telecommuting is available.
Telecommuting is certain to increase, despite resistance from some quarters in the IT industry.
Telecommuting is certainly an option.
Telecommuting is certainly the wave of the future.
Telecommuting is clearly a burning issue for many employees.
Telecommuting is consistent with sound business practices.
Telecommuting is convenient, eliminates long commutes and can increase morale and productivity.
Telecommuting is created when an employer decides that an employee can work from home.
Telecommuting is currently available to any employee who can effectively manage it.
Telecommuting is defined as working at an alternative work-site.
Telecommuting is demonstrably making sense for both the business and for the employees.
Telecommuting is efficient and environmentally sound.
Telecommuting is flawed because it's growing too slow.
Telecommuting is frequent, hours are flexible and the dress code is nonexistent.
Telecommuting is generally limited to two days per week.
Telecommuting is great for work that can be performed on the phone or on a computer.
Telecommuting is here to stay.
Telecommuting is hot among businesses small and large.
Telecommuting is increasingly available, so that many workers never even have to leave their homes.
Telecommuting is just one of many options.
Telecommuting is legal everywhere in the United States and is a growing employment trend.
Telecommuting is nice, but so is a nice office environment.
Telecommuting is okay.
Telecommuting is on the rise.
Telecommuting is one method of reducing drive-alone rates.
Telecommuting is one of the fastest growing flex plans going, in business today.
Telecommuting is one of the ways to meet that end.
Telecommuting is one way to get that time.
Telecommuting is optional.
Telecommuting is our specialty.
Telecommuting is possible for much of the work.
Telecommuting is preferred.
Telecommuting is seen as a way of improving one's quality of life.
Telecommuting is simply a change in work location for part of the work week.
Telecommuting is still a good idea.
Telecommuting is the gateway to a garden where the seeds of new businesses are planted.
Telecommuting is the hot wave of the future in the working world.
Telecommuting is the practice of working from home via modern telecommunications equipment.
Telecommuting is the substitution of commuting with telecommunications.
Telecommuting is the ticket.
Telecommuting is the way of the future.
Telecommuting is to the third wave, what the steam engine was to the second wave.
Telecommuting is up.
Telecommuting is wonderful, but it does introduce complications.
Telecommuting just makes sense for so many people.
Telecommuting keeps employees happy and productive.
Telecommuting keeps people off the streets, but downtowns are still clogged with delivery trucks.
Telecommuting lends itself to a different model of a team.
Telecommuting makes it easier to combine family and work responsibilities.
Telecommuting makes other workers jealous.
Telecommuting means being attached to a real-life office by phone, modem or computer network.
Telecommuting means kids get replaced with offices.
Telecommuting means managing by results instead of by observation.
Telecommuting means transporting work to the worker rather than the worker to the workplace.
Telecommuting means working at home.
Telecommuting means working from home, and it's rapidly on the rise.
Telecommuting means working outside the traditional office.
Telecommuting occurs in large and small companies, and in public and private organizations.
Telecommuting offers an attractive alternative.
Telecommuting offers both parties a chance to save time, money and effort.
Telecommuting offers environmental advantages as a byproduct of economic and technological growth.
Telecommuting plays a major role in the structure of our company.
Telecommuting provides benefits for both workers and employers.
Telecommuting provides benefits that extend beyond the workplace.
Telecommuting provides more family and leisure time by reducing time spent commuting.
Telecommuting provides the flexibility to work when one is most productive.
Telecommuting raises a host of logistical, financial, and trust issues.
Telecommuting reduces traffic and the resulting hazards that unnecessary traffic causes.
Telecommuting refers to working in one's home instead of going to the office to work.
Telecommuting requires a new set of rules.
Telecommuting requires careful planning and discipline.
Telecommuting requires jobs to be portable.
Telecommuting saves companies in more ways than making the employees feel good in their home office.
Telecommuting saves employees time, cost, and stress of the work commute.
Telecommuting saves employers money that normally vaporizes without a return.
Telecommuting saves travel time for employees.
Telecommuting still has a few kinks.
Telecommuting takes all that away.
Telecommuting varies from working a few days per week from home to working all the time from home.
Telecommutings are employment.
Most telecommuting occurs in smaller companies and nonprofits.
Some telecommuting is possible.
Telecoms companies have both a captive audience and an existing delivery channel.
Telecoms companies know that.
A teleconference is a conference
Teleconference supports a shared drawing board and sound effects.
Teleconferences allow students to earn academic credit from remote site locations.
Teleconferences allow students to participate in seminars broadcast from anywhere in the world.
Teleconferences are acceptable methods for meetings.
Teleconferences are also available.
Teleconferences are conferences.
Teleconferences are free, no phone charges apply.
Teleconferences are possible via phone amplifiers and tabletop microphones.
Teleconferences give families an economical way to surprise mom with a group call.
Teleconferences let wedding planners tie the knot.
Teleconferences require a minimum of one week to schedule and to confirm participation.
Many teleconferences host a panel discussion or guest interviews.
Most teleconferences begin on the hour or the half-hour.
Most teleconferences permit videotaping of the broadcast for later viewing.
Some teleconferences are available on video for home or work use.
Some teleconferences provide college credits such as teacher renewal certification.
Most telecourse classes utilize electronic mail lists.
Telecourse credit is transferable and can be applied toward a degree.
Telecourse credit is transferable and can be applied towards a degree.
Telecourse credit is transferable, and can be applied toward a degree.
Most telecourse instructors use answering machines to record student phone messages.
All telecourse lessons are available for on-site viewing in all campus libraries.
Telecourse sections are courses taught by watching a television program.
Telecourse students communicate with their instructor by telephone, by email, and in person.
Telecourse students go to campus for an initial meeting and to take exams.
Telecourse students have the same campus rights and privileges as other credit students.
Telecourse students have the same rights, privileges and obligations as on-campus students.
Telecourse students take tests at a campus testing center.
All telecourse students are welcome to use the college library.
Telecourse study requires self-discipline.
Telecourse tapes are also available for rent.
Telecourse tapes are available for a two-day checkout period.
Telecourse tapes are to be returned on the assigned day of the semester exam.
Telecourse tuition is the same as on-campus tuition.
Telecourse videocassettes are available for check out for either two hours, or twenty-four hours.
Telediagnostic procedures are available for the software.
Telefax machines are increasingly available, although only to government and business.
Telefax service is available, as is the Internet.
A telefilm is a film
Telefilm calls the meeting, coordinates the sceenings and chairs the debates.
Telefilm encourages audiovisual creation in all regions with great enthusiasm and confidence.
Telefilm encourages producers to integrate their dubbing costs into production budgets.
Telefilm expects to be repaid on loans for production and marketing.
Telefilms are movies.
Telegram facilities are excellent and provide worldwide service.
Telegram services are available from post offices in large towns.
Telegram services are available too from the post office.
Telegram is a message
Telegram is messages.
Telegrams are a legal and binding and time and date stamped letter.
Telegrams are an inexpensive and efficient form of international communication from Romania.
Telegrams are expensive, but convey the message.
Telegrams are reliable and prompt.
Telegrams are still widely used.
Telegrams can be useful when important votes are coming up.
Telegrams can carry a message-but only in one direction at a time.
Telegraph road runs south west through low heath vegetation.
Telegraph stamps resemble postage stamps.
A telegraph is apparatus
Telegraphs promote 'remote' coverage of news.
Telegraph's too expensive for that sort o' feelin'.
Telegraphic communication exists between all stations and signal boxes.
Telegraphic style is recommended for taxonomic descriptions.
Telegraphic transfer is preferred.
Telegraphic transfers are the fastest way to pay send money to another country.
Telehealth projects range from transmitting x-rays to telepsychiatry.
Telehome health makes people feel connected.
A telekinesis is a psychic phenomenon
Telekinesis can affect physical events that nominally occurred in the past.
Telekinesis can make one's hair stand on end.
Telekinesis feels the same way, functioning but weak.
Telekinesis is a very rare gift that usually manifests accidentally when a person is angry or upset.
Telekinesis is a very strong energy flow.
Telekinesis is another phenomenon that some parapsychologists describe.
Telekinesis is another previously misused ability.
Telekinesis is created by higher levels of consciousness.
Telekinesis is dependent on synthesis, which in turn is dependent on responsibility.
Telekinesis is part of physical reality, just as telepathy is.
Telekinesis is the ability to move objects using mental power.
Telekinesis is the direct movement of physical objects by the mind.
Telekinesis is the power to move or change matter.
Telekinesis is the supposed movement of objects by using only the mind.
Telekinesis is the supposed 'moving objects with the mind'.
Telekinesises are psychic phenomenons.
Telekinetic strangulation is extremely good evidence.
Many telemark boots have forward lean levers on the back of the boots.
Telemark clinics take on ungroomed terrain and steeper, mogul slopes.
Telemark skis are usually single cambered and designed to ski downhill using the telemark turn.
Most telemark skis have metal edges and have a relatively soft uniform flex.
Most telemark skiers worry the most about injuring their knees while earning their turns.
Telemark skiing is a cross over of cross country like ski equipment used to ski downhill.
Telemark skiing is a ski turning technique and FIS-sanctioned discipline.
Telemark skiing is also available.
Telemark skiing is an art.
Telemark skiing is made easy with a lesson from our experienced staff.
Telemark skiing is somewhere between alpine and cross country skiing.
Telemark skiing is usually very good.
Telemarketing fraud can scam consumers out of their life savings in just one phone call.
Telemarketing fraud is a big problem today, as well as a big business for thieves.
Telemarketing fraud is a complex offense which requires numerous conditions to work effectively.
Telemarketing fraud is a form of organized criminal activity .
Telemarketing fraud is a growing problem.
Telemarketing fraud is a multibillion dollar business in the United State.
Telemarketing fraud is a multi-billion dollar business in the United States.
Telemarketing fraud is a vastly underreported crime.
Telemarketing fraud is a very big business.
Telemarketing fraud is another means used to bilk businesses.
Telemarketing fraud is nothing new.
Telemarketing fraud requires expertise on the part of enforcement and regulatory agencies.
Telemarketing frauds can be successful when customers reveal confidential account information.
Many telemarketing frauds involve the use of both telephones and the mail.
Telemarketing allows for flexibility of work.
Telemarketing allows the marketer to get around the restrictions of seasonal selling periods.
Telemarketing also obtains immediate feedback for quick analysis and strategy shifts.
Telemarketing can also be very effective.
Telemarketing can be a legitimate way of marketing and selling products and services.
Telemarketing can be a quick and effective way to increase sales.
Telemarketing can be a very useful strategy.
Telemarketing can help consumers if it is done responsibly.
Telemarketing can intimidate even long-term farmers.
Telemarketing can play an important role in any healthcare marketing mix.
Telemarketing covers just that.
Telemarketing eliminates a lot of wasted time.
Telemarketing has many advantages.
Telemarketing has many benefits to companies and consumers.
Telemarketing has two sides.
Telemarketing is a blight and a weed in our society.
Telemarketing is a dynamic medium.
Telemarketing is a good option, too.
Telemarketing is a growing industry.
Telemarketing is a handy target.
Telemarketing is a huge business within the United States.
Telemarketing is a marketing
Telemarketing is a multi-billion dollar business in the United States.
Telemarketing is a new problem.
Telemarketing is a numbers game, after all.
Telemarketing is a powerful tool for business.
Telemarketing is a sales approach conducted entirely by phone.
Telemarketing is a significant source of fraud.
Telemarketing is a viable and important part of our healthy economy.
Telemarketing is aimed at students who have withdrawn from classes.
Telemarketing is also a rapidly growing alternative to traditional retail shopping.
Telemarketing is an easy solution.
Telemarketing is based on using the strengths of the telephone marketing situation.
Telemarketing is big business .
Telemarketing is big business, but it can also be a big bother.
Telemarketing is big business.
Telemarketing is big.
Telemarketing is despised by recipients.
Telemarketing is episodic.
Telemarketing is just another kind of advertising.
Telemarketing is now the largest sector of the market and one which is growing rapidly.
Telemarketing is one way that businesses can advertise their products and offer their services.
Telemarketing is perhaps the Western world's least favorite marketing practice.
Telemarketing is predicted to be one of the fastest-growing areas in marketing.
Telemarketing is relatively inexpensive and interactive.
Telemarketing is rude, but lying about it is completely unacceptable.
Telemarketing is selling.
Telemarketing is the fastest growing sales area.
Telemarketing is the number one crime against senior citizens.
Telemarketing is the only form of advertisement that demands an immediate response.
Telemarketing is tough.
Telemarketing meets it's match.
Telemarketing offers immediate, two-way communication with potential customer.
Telemarketing pays off New business is, of course, a key ingredient in growth.
Telemarketing skills a plus.
Telematic art is informal and subjective.
Telematic art is interactive.
Telematic consultants are available for on-site SPD design assistance throughout the world.
Telemeters are the physical devices used in telemetry.
TelemeTrac terminals install quickly and easily to virtually any copier.
Telemetry intelligence is a category of foreign instrumentation signals intelligence.
Telemetry intelligence is information gathering
Telemetry begins as soon as there is a female out with a transmitter.
Telemetry facilitates long-term recording of gastrointestinal myoelectrical activity in pigs.
Telemetry indicates that they are performing well.
Telemetry is a fundamental tool for wildlife research and applications.
Telemetry is a measurement
Telemetry is important in water management, including water quality and stream gauging functions.
Telemetry is measurements.
Telemetry is nominal.
Telemetry is remote data acquisition.
Telemetry link to a remote control facility.
Telemetry shows several anomalous events that occurred during the separation sequence.
Telemetry shows the object crash landing in a town in the Pacific Northwest.
Telenari clothing is generally loose fitting.
Teleological explanation is of two sorts.
Teleological explanations tend to disappear when manipulative causes are discovered.
Teleological order eludes comprehensive mathematical expression.
Teleological proof extends classical watch analogy.
Teleological questions have no place at the level of reductionist science of physical reality.
A teleology is a philosophical theory
Teleology is a tempting intuition.
Teleology is based on the proposition that the universe has design and purpose.
Teleology is found wanting as soon as the question is raised of what moves the prime mover.
Teleology is in disfavor today.
Teleology is the study of design or purpose in natural phenomena.
Teleology makes scientific study possible.
Teleology refers to the use of the ultimate purpose or design as a means of explaining a phenomenon.
Teleology relates to tautology.
All teleonomic behavior is characterized by two components.
Most teleost fish are osmoregulators and ion regulators.
All teleost venoms are basic proteinaceous secretions containing few lipids or mucosubstances.
A teleost is a bony fish
Teleosts have a movable jaw and changes in the jaw muscles.
Teleosts possess a gelatinous otolithic membrane in the saccule which supports a single otolith.
Telepathic combat is another way to contact and attack a psionicist.
Telepathic communication can take many forms.
Telepathic communication is enhanced.
Telephone abuse can be a cause for corrective action.
Telephone banking is also available.
Telephone banking is provided, as are check, credit card, and investment services.
Telephone banking is well-established.
A telephone bill is a bill
Telephone bills are located in mail.
Telephone bills are trickier.
Telephone bills are what get people angry about metering.
Telephone bills running into lakhs of rupees belonging to MPs remain in arrears.
Telephone billing is so complicated.
A telephone book is a directory
Telephone book covers.
Telephone books are alphabetic, by residential areas or by commercial categories.
Telephone books are available in English as well as in Hebrew.
Telephone books are located in closets.
Telephone books are located in desks.
Telephone books are located in drawers.
Telephone books are located in hotels.
Telephone books are located in houses.
Telephone books are located in libraries.
Telephone books are located in phone booths.
Telephone books are located in telephone booths.
Telephone books are to be considered solid waste and discarded with household garbage.
Telephone books are used for addresses.
Telephone books are used for directories.
Telephone books are used for paperweights.
Telephone books are used for steps.
Telephone books are used for telephone numbers.
Most telephone books have special sections for government offices.
A telephone booth is a stall
Telephone booths are available all over the country.
Telephone booths are booths.
Telephone booths are located in airports.
Telephone booths are located in cities.
Telephone booths are located in gas stations.
Telephone booths are located in urban areas.
Telephone booths are public telephones.
Telephone booths are used for calls.
Telephone booths are yellow.
Telephone booths have pay telephones.
Telephone booths have public telephones.
Telephone booths make excellent bomb shelters.
A telephone box is a stall
Telephone boxes are numerous and can be found in most squares and busy streets.
Telephone boxes are red, English style.
Telephone cables start to use plastic insulation.
A telephone call is a telephone
Telephone call are effective, but letters always win when they are well written.
Telephone call can be very persuasive.
Telephone call gets priality.
Telephone calls are a secondary means of communications.
Telephone calls are ads.
Telephone calls are also effective.
Telephone calls are also useful to follow up on previous communications.
Telephone calls are also very effective.
Telephone calls are an alternative, but expect to encounter busy signals.
Telephone calls are another major time waster.
Telephone calls are expensive and inconvenient.
Telephone calls are expensive to the broke college student.
Telephone calls are extremely expensive in Spain and even local calls are charged.
Telephone calls are fast and effective for networking.
Telephone calls are faster but are less reliable in assessing a worker's support.
Telephone calls are fine.
Telephone calls are free locally.
Telephone calls are generally more effective when they are kept brief and to the point.
Telephone calls are good further follow-ups, especially with staff people.
Telephone calls are great fun any time of year.
Telephone calls are immediate with information about escapes and subsequent apprehension.
Telephone calls are impossible to plan and are extremely expensive.
Telephone calls are last resort.
Telephone calls are often easier to arrange than inviting someone to the home.
Telephone calls are the greatest fear for people who stutter.
Telephone calls are the most effective way to communicate with reporters.
Telephone calls are the secondary means of communications.
Telephone calls are to be made to the individual on maternity leave at mutually agreeable times.
Telephone calls are too expensive, the phone systems too unreliable.
Telephone calls are unacceptable .
Telephone calls are welcome after the memorial service.
Telephone calls are welcome.
Telephone calls become cheaper today Bonn.
Telephone Calls can be a problem.
Telephone calls come in all day.
Telephone calls continue to light up the consoles.
Telephone calls create special tensions.
Telephone calls delay the processing of all claims.
Telephone calls disappear into the ether and can be forgotten or disputed.
Telephone calls fall somewhere in between.
Telephone calls go unreturned.
Telephone calls made from hotels are often quite expensive.
Telephone calls make a difference.
Telephone Calls Make credit card purchases or calling card calls on a private telephone.
Telephone calls receive first priority.
Telephone calls reflect the importance of the issue.
Telephone calls Remember, news people are busy and face deadlines.
Telephone calls work too.
All telephone calls are logs and statistical analysis is completed on all data.
All telephone calls go directly to an answering machine.
All telephone calls go through our national IVR system, which provides instructions at each step.
Every telephone call is another potential call for help.
More telephone calls go from Germany to Turkey, for example, than from Germany to the United States.
Most telephone calls receive a prompt answer.
Some telephone calls are great.
Telephone cards are also available.
Telephone cards are available at grocery and convenience stores, as well as kiosks.
Telephone cards are available in the main cities.
Telephone cards are available to make cheap phone calls at PTT phone boxes.
Telephone cards are convenient for long distance calls.
Telephone cards can be self-contained and disposable.
Telephone cards ensure that expenditure on calls is kept to a budget-conscious minimum.
Telephone communication is also easily misunderstood.
Telephone communication is designed that way.
Telephone communication is limited.
Telephone communication regulates the number admitted at one passing.
Telephone communication skills.
Telephone communications are difficult, as so many businesses require telephones.
Telephone communications are poor.
Telephone communications are very congested.
Telephone communications can be a problem, especially in the remote mountain areas of Grand County.
Telephone communications is known as wireless telephone.
Telephone communications offer immediacy but lack essential non-verbal aspects.
All telephone communications are down and road, rail and air links have also been cut.
A telephone company is an utility
Telephone companies are an example.
Telephone companies are another.
Telephone companies are deeply into database marketing.
Telephone companies are hot on cable's heels.
Telephone companies are interested in giving agents room to work.
Telephone companies are no different.
Telephone companies are notorious for missed appointments or requiring all-day home sits.
Telephone companies are public utilities.
Telephone companies are telecommunications companies.
Telephone companies are utilities.
Telephone companies benefit from providing the service to enable the Internet to be use.
Telephone companies can call, as well as non-profit groups.
Telephone companies can learn virtually as much as they want to about their subscribers' calls.
Telephone companies can rebrand and resell deltathree web based products to their customers.
Telephone companies can terminate internationally originated calls onto their networks.
Telephone companies charge a higher monthly fee for business versus residential phone lines.
Telephone companies charge different rates to business and residential customers.
Telephone companies have a maximum number of calls they can handle at any one time.
Telephone companies have divisions and personnel who specifically deal with harassing phone calls.
Telephone companies offer Internet access over the phone.
Telephone companies provide notoriously poor and unresponsive service.
Telephone companies say that they'll be OK, but wireless is a different story.
Telephone company can insert flyer in phone bills.
Many telephone companies have disability programs to provide special equipment.
Many telephone companies offer special plans which can reduce the costs of long distance calls.
Most telephone companies have a process where the loading coil is removed from the line.
Some telephone companies require written authorization from the owner of restricted names.
Some telephone companies show the billing period in fractions of minutes.
Telephone conferences are acceptable.
Telephone conferences are workable.
A telephone conversation is a conversation
Telephone conversations are a good start.
Telephone conversations are conversations.
Telephone conversations are easily overheard.
Telephone conversations are hard to understand because of the slurring.
Telephone conversations are usually only necessary at the earliest stage.
Telephone conversations are usually only necessary in the early stages.
Telephone conversations are virtually impossible at the beginning.
All telephone conversations are confidential.
Telephone cord is a telephone line
Telephone cord is plugged into the correct jack on the modem.
Telephone counseling improves adherence to colposcopy among lower-income minority women.
Telephone counseling is also available.
Telephone counseling is an excellent option.
Telephone counseling is available nationally.
Telephone counseling is available.
Telephone counseling is the core service of the agency.
Telephone counseling occurs after the first session.
A telephone directory is a directory
Telephone directories are also available on the Web.
Telephone directories are also desirable.
Telephone directories are another resource for identifying certain types of organizations.
Telephone directories are another source of potential contacts in a particular career field.
Telephone directories are available in the entrance hall.
Telephone directories are both.
Telephone directories are located in bookshelfs.
Telephone directories are located in buildings.
Telephone directories are located in houses.
Telephone directories are located in kitchens.
Telephone directories are located in libraries.
Telephone directories are located in offices.
Telephone directories are located in phone booths.
Telephone directories are used for finds.
Telephone directories separate the offices by alphabetizing the office or officer.
Telephone directory listings from around the country.
Many telephone directories are also available online.
Most telephone directories list the towns and cities that are covered by that book.
A telephone exchange is work
Telephone exchanges are geographic boundaries that define customer's local calling area.
Telephone exchanges become either in-operational or are jammed due to heavy call traffic.
More telephone exchanges are now available for our HALNet internet service with no toll charges .
A telephone extension is a telephone
Telephone extensions are in both bedrooms.
Telephone extensions are unchanged.
Telephone extensions follow each name listed.
Telephone fraud is a crime that can be traced.
Telephone fraud is an easily preventable crime.
Telephone fraud knows no race, ethnic, gender, age, education or income barriers.
Telephone fraud uses the phone as an assault weapon.
Telephone games are interactive training games played using telephones and answering machines.
Telephone games encourage the child to communicate through a familiar routine.
Telephone handset includes call waiting, hold and redial features.
Some telephone handsets draw power from the telephone line at regular intervals.
Some telephone handsets have keys positioned on the handset.
Telephone harassment is a class B misdemeanor.
Telephone harassment is illegal as well.
Telephone interpreting is enhanced by use of a dual handset telephone or one with a loudspeaker.
A telephone interview is an interview
Telephone interview is a risky proposition.
Telephone interview is necessary for whose experience and qualification is suitable.
Telephone interview is required.
Telephone interview is the fastest, cost efficient way to conduct a survey.
Telephone interviews are a great way to screen a large group of candidates.
Telephone interviews are acceptable to reduce the pool of applicants referred.
Telephone interviews are acceptable.
Telephone interviews are also available in lieu of an on-campus interview.
Telephone interviews are also available.
Telephone interviews are also frequent and have the potential to be heard on the news.
Telephone interviews are available for applicants residing outside the city of London.
Telephone interviews are available now.
Telephone interviews are commonplace for quantitative studies ofconsumers.
Telephone interviews are critical during the selection process.
Telephone interviews are faster and less expensive than face to face interviews.
Telephone interviews are interviews.
Telephone interviews are sufficient.
Telephone interviews are the most popular method of observation using structured surveys.
Telephone interviews are unacceptable .
Telephone interviews are usually best when done after a resume review.
Telephone interviews are valuable and save much time.
Telephone interviews can be a simple, inexpensive method of collecting information.
Telephone interviews can be difficult.
Telephone interviews can be one of the most uncomfortable pieces of the job-seeking puzzle.
Telephone interviews can yield data from programs too far to visit.
Telephone interviews enable a researcher to gather information rapidly.
Telephone interviews establish the availability and exact location of each unit sampled.
Telephone interviews have some unique advantages and disadvantages.
Telephone interviews offer several advantages over in-personinterviews.
Telephone interviews play a major role in deciding who is offered a position.
Most telephone interviews are preliminary interviews for screening job candidates.
Most telephone interviews are preliminary interviews.
A telephone jack is a jack
Telephone jacks are in the living room and each bedroom.
A telephone line is wire
Telephone line is also available.
Telephone line is generally very poorly shielded.
Telephone line is in service.
Telephone line is noisy causing unit to switch in receive mode preventing transmit.
Telephone line is seen too late.
Telephone lines are a scarce and expensive resource.
Telephone lines are also available upon request.
Telephone lines are also available.
Telephone lines are also down.
Telephone lines are also jammed, and lack of coordination is evident everywhere.
Telephone lines are an essential part of the company's operation.
Telephone lines are an issue.
Telephone lines are available in all classrooms.
Telephone lines are available.
Telephone lines are connections.
Telephone lines are either jammed or burnt out from the over loads.
Telephone lines are located in roofs.
Telephone lines are neither lossless, nor streaming.
Telephone lines are often busy early in the day.
Telephone lines are often busy.
Telephone lines are often daisy-chained from one room to the next.
Telephone lines are out.
Telephone lines are really crappy.
Telephone lines are separate from electrical lines.
Telephone lines are still down in many places.
Telephone lines are tapped regularly, the mail is watched and other means of communication are few.
Telephone lines are used for conduct.
Telephone lines are usually the biggest culprit.
Telephone lines are very important in today's school library media center.
Telephone lines can be run, however an additional charge is required.
Telephone lines can conduct electricity.
Telephone lines conduct electricity.
Telephone lines differ from country to country.
Telephone lines go down.
Telephone lines go up on flames.
Telephone lines have been cut off, thus the communication is difficult.
Telephone lines have the lowest bandwidth.
Telephone lines involve a great deal of maintenance.
Telephone lines light up when current parents call the new parent within their same area code.
Telephone lines permit only compressed video.
Telephone lines present a potential shock hazard.
Telephone lines remain down in some impacted areas.
Telephone lines require extra work once they are installed.
Telephone lines sing.
Telephone lines use information theory to fit voice information down the line.
All telephone lines are visible on the telephone.
Many telephone lines are simply incapable of allowing a faster connection.
Many telephone lines carry a very low voltage.
Many telephone lines have multiple uses.
Most telephone lines are twisted-pair cables.
Most telephone lines can share voice and data simultaneously.
Telephone networks are circuit-switched.
Telephone networks are fixed cost plants.
Telephone networks are good at reliably providing constant but low bandwidth services.
Telephone networks are ubiquitous.
Telephone networks can be nearly inoperative for international calls.
Telephone networks provide quality voice service.
A telephone number is a signal
Telephone number counts as one word.
Telephone number Enter the telephone number.
Telephone number has a recorded listing of events.
Telephone number is one from Japan.
Telephone number is optional if supplying an email address.
Telephone number is optional.
Telephone number is the same.
Telephone numbers appear last.
Telephone numbers are a critical resource.
Telephone numbers are also different.
Telephone numbers are available at the park web site.
Telephone numbers are available on the site.
Telephone numbers are available.
Telephone numbers are difficult to obtain.
Telephone numbers are direct-dial numbers.
Telephone numbers are easier to validate than e-mail addresses, so let's begin there.
Telephone numbers are extensions only.
Telephone numbers are for Belize.
Telephone numbers are for media inquiries only .
Telephone numbers are in the process of being changed.
Telephone numbers are located in telephone books.
Telephone numbers are more interesting.
Telephone numbers are most helpful.
Telephone numbers are needlessly hard to remember and often far too long.
Telephone numbers are on the inside back cover.
Telephone numbers are subject to change without notice.
Telephone numbers are the most maddening.
Telephone numbers are the same.
Telephone numbers are unchanged.
Telephone numbers are very important since most employers prefer that form of communication.
Telephone numbers can be for regular, cellular phones or pagers.
Telephone numbers can change without notice.
Telephone numbers change rapidly and it is difficult to keep current with non-member listings.
Telephone numbers count as one word.
Telephone numbers count as two words.
Telephone Numbers Feel free to contact CATS at any of the following telephone numbers.
Telephone numbers follow a well-defined format.
Telephone numbers given below are the local numbers.
Telephone numbers is also a limited resource.
Telephone numbers listed are subject to monitoring for quality control purposes.
Telephone numbers listed here are in the internal format.
Telephone numbers remain the same for both offices.
Telephone numbers remain the same for now.
Telephone numbers remain the same.
Telephone numbers remain unchanged.
Telephone Numbers Use dashes to separate area code and exchange.
All telephone numbers are for places of business.
All telephone numbers are in UK format.
All telephone numbers are local telephones in the respective city, unless otherwise specified.
All telephone numbers are seven digits.
All telephone numbers are UK unless otherwise stated.
All telephone numbers have six digits, and there are no city or area codes.
All telephone numbers listed are for use within that country.
All telephone numbers listed are voice numbers.
All telephone numbers listed herein are local numbers.
All telephone numbers quoted below are UK ones.
All telephone numbers remain the same.
All telephone numbers remain unchanged.
Every telephone number has a mailbox attached.
More telephone numbers are available in a separate list.
Most telephone numbers are internal telephone extensions only.
A telephone operator is an operator
Telephone operator falls for blocked writer.
Telephone operators are discourteous.
Telephone operators are on duty to help in completing telephone calls.
Telephone operators are operators.
Telephone operators take orders for a mail-order house.
Telephone operators tell callers that all the tickets have been sold.
Many telephone operators are also receptionists.
A telephone pole is a post
Telephone pole is nearby.
Telephone poles are excellent reference points, as they usually have a unique utility number.
Telephone poles are located in streets.
Telephone poles are made of wood.
Telephone poles are posts.
Telephone poles are utility poles.
Telephone poles have large heaps of squirrel-processed cones at the bottom.
Telephone poles lie in it, twisted and trailing forlorn wires.
Telephone poles make great fence posts.
Telephone poles prop up the wide screen.
Telephone poles whip back and forth as if caught in a hurricane.
Telephone poles work real well too.
Every telephone pole has at least six holes drilled into it with a ship auger bit.
Some telephone poles remain upright, but their torn cables dangle lifelessly.
Some telephone receivers are part of cellphones.
Some telephone receivers are part of phones.
Some telephone receivers are part of telephones.
Telephone scripts allow for interruptions and reactions.
Telephone scripts have a modern, concise writing style, and special vocabulary.
A telephone service is an utility
Telephone service begins.
Telephone service continues to improve throughout the Kingdom.
Telephone service includes a free on-campus phone line and a voice mailbox to receive messages.
Telephone service includes free local calls and voice mail.
Telephone service includes free local calls.
Telephone service includes unlimited local calls in the Pittsburgh area.
Telephone service is also available through local service.
Telephone service is also available.
Telephone service is always extra.
Telephone service is arranged through the university and included in the semester rental rate.
Telephone service is available all hours that the Reference Desk is open.
Telephone service is available and fax machines are common.
Telephone service is available at every site.
Telephone service is available for an additional fee.
Telephone service is available for easily obtainable information.
Telephone service is available immediately upon a student's arrival.
Telephone service is available in each room.
Telephone service is available in every resident room.
Telephone service is available on a limited number of rental sites.
Telephone service is available or adjacent to all parcels.
Telephone service is available through Sprint and cellular coverage is also available.
Telephone service is available through the housing provider at additional cost.
Telephone service is available throughout the properties.
Telephone service is available, and cable TV is free.
Telephone service is available, but is optional and at the volunteer's expense.
Telephone service is billed quarterly.
Telephone service is excellent.
Telephone service is extra and laundry facilities are available.
Telephone service is inadequate.
Telephone service is introduced in Guatemala City.
Telephone service is limited to short, specific reference and information questions.
Telephone service is limited.
Telephone service is often unreliable, and cellular phones are becoming popular.
Telephone service is optional.
Telephone service is paid by the resident.
Telephone service is poor, but rapidly improving.
Telephone service is problematic, and new lines are difficult of obtain.
Telephone service is provided by Quest.
Telephone service is provided for local calls only.
Telephone service is provided in each student room.
Telephone service is provided to each student room.
Telephone service is provided using microwave towers.
Telephone service is provided which includes the phone, phone number, and voice mail.
Telephone service is provided.
Telephone service is sporadic due to lack of maintenance and repair.
Telephone service is still spotty.
Telephone service is taxed where the service is provided to the customer.
Telephone service is the only charge.
Telephone service is the responsibility of the resident.
Telephone service is unreliable.
Telephone service is very reliable in Hungary, including long-distance.
Telephone service is via microwave tower, which now and again goes out.
Telephone service remains rudimentary at best.
Telephone services are also expensive.
Telephone services are also limited throughout the country, but functional in the capital.
Telephone services are available for both voice communications and fax service.
Telephone services are available for complex transactions.
Telephone services are available to all employees.
Telephone services are expensive.
Telephone services are higher than budgeted.
Telephone services are limited.
Telephone services are modern with an automatic dialling system in use throughout the country.
Telephone services are poor in Rangoon and other major cities and non-existent in some other areas.
Telephone services are via satellite and many communities now have Internet access.
Telephone services do reach most of the major towns of the country.
Telephone services is provided.
Telephone services offer sexually stimulating talk of every kind.
Telephone services resolve ALL telephone references.
Telephone services use circuit switched connections for connecting one telephone to another.
Telephone services vary between areas in Jakarta.
Telephone solicitation is a growing problem.
Telephone solicitation is second.
Telephone solicitation is the second most effective solicitation method in annual giving.
Telephone solicitations are direct sales.
Telephone solicitations can also be fraudulent.
Telephone surveillance is more sophisticated now than ever before.
Telephone surveys are also available, either independently or as part of a package.
Telephone surveys are another method.
Telephone surveys can be advantageous if potential respondents needs to be qualified.
Telephone surveys have a moderate cost, and they are fast.
Telephone surveys have the advantage of being quicker than other research methods.
Telephone switches are now just big computers.
Telephone tag is eliminated and memo costs are reduced.
Telephone tag is expensive and a poor use of physician time.
Telephone taps are absolutely useless.
Telephone tokens are non-currency tokens issued specifically for use with public pay telephones.
Telephone triage is done at many levels.
Telephone triage is more than answering health questions.
Telephone triage is only a small part of the telehealth movement that is sweeping across the globe.
Telephone triage provides consistently to an unconsistent field.
Telephone triage works.
Telephone wire is made up of one or more pairs of strands of copper wire twisted together.
Telephone wire is wire.
Telephone wires carry sounds the same way nerves carry signals.
Telephone wires hum along the white roads, which always run at right angles.
Telephone wires whistle.
Most telephone wires are one or more twisted pairs of copper wire.
Telephone wiring is an example of twisted-pair cable.
Telephone wiring is distributed in conduit separate from station audio, control and power wiring.
A telephone is electronic equipment
Telephone advising appointments are available for individuals who live out of town.
Telephone are available at our fixed and floating docks.
Telephone automated voice menus are on the increase, sadly, in the name of efficiency.
Telephone cabling from the radio shed to the control room has yet to be installed.
Telephone cabling in the home typically uses a twisted pair for transmission of sound and data.
Telephone calling cards typically advertise only their lowest rate of the day.
Telephone calling cards, rather than directly calling from the hotel room, are very cheap.
Telephone calling charges apply.
Telephone calls . . .
Telephone calls at home after hours are welcomed.
Telephone calls at that time of night always convey bad news.
Telephone calls at work from creditors.
Telephone calls back and forth to get needed information wastes time and delays jobs.
Telephone calls Before making phone calls abroad, check international calling rates.
Telephone calls for business purposes are reimbursable.
Telephone calls from all over the country and tens of thousands of dollars of sales.
Telephone calls from hotels are usually more expensive.
Telephone Calls Most effective when there is a limited amount of time.
Telephone calls over the internet is new technology that's getting better everyday.
Telephone calls requesting general or directional reference service.
Telephone calls requesting services get through and are responded to in a timely basis.
Telephone calls to all identified supporters.
Telephone calls to check on room availability take up a lot of time.
Telephone calls to discuss the research area or proposal.
Telephone calls to headquarters are particularly useful sources of information.
Telephone calls to lawmakers are also important.
Telephone calls to most countries are now direct.
Telephone calls to our staff receive priority over electronic mail in all cases.
Telephone calls with no one at the other end of the line.
Telephone calls within each state are free.
Telephone complain underneath any off road tire.
Telephone directories .
Telephone directories A full set of UK and Eire directories.
Telephone directories from many cities in the United States and English-speaking countries.
Telephone directories is another resource for identifying certain types of organizations.
Telephone directories on the web.
Telephone directories on the Web.
Telephone Directories Outside the United States.
Telephone directories, like web search engines, are big business.
Telephone features that make a difference .
Telephone generated leads are likely to close four to six times greater than mail generated leads.
Telephone goes extra.
Telephone hacking The following telephone hacking circuits are here only for educational purposes.
Telephone has volume control.
Telephone intensives as well as individual and group are also available.
Telephone is a rare commodity in Nigeria and very expensive to acquire.
Telephone is a telecommunication system which provide communication through conversation.
Telephone is also close.
Telephone is another centralised technology.
Telephone is answered in Spanish and English.
Telephone is best.
Telephone is cheap locally but quite expensive long distance.
Telephone is considered an informal means of communication.
Telephone is extra.
Telephone is faster, but more expensive, both in phone charges and in salaries.
Telephone is metered and charged at cost, based on usage.
Telephone is now able to call off campus.
Telephone is now unable to call off campus.
Telephone is one of the easiest way of communication.
Telephone is one of the fastest mediums to communicate with outside world.
Telephone is one of the most useful services for the purpose.
Telephone is preferred as details of the search can be discussed.
Telephone is probably still the best way to ask a general question.
Telephone is provided through the campus system at a nominal monthly charge.
Telephone is still only a concept.
Telephone is the most effective time saver and the biggest time waster.
Telephone is the only communication on the ranch.
Telephone is the preferred method of contact due to efficiency.
Telephone is the quickest way to place an order.
Telephone is usually the fastest and easiest.
Telephone is very expensive in Mexico.
Telephone isa equipment.
Telephone known contacts at local clubs and organizations to arrange programs and exhibits.
Telephone likes Heel until position down lots bama golf cart as frighten along several feedback.
Telephone likes Heel until position down lots rollerblade gear as frighten along several feedback.
Telephone likes Heel until position down lots vikings helmets as frighten along several feedback.
Telephone queries out of the blue are difficult for everyone.
Telephone refuse toward most pants both highlight cheap saucony shoes.
Telephone refuse toward most pants both highlight chiefs jacket.
Telephone refuse toward most pants both highlight cleveland golf show.
Telephone refuse toward most pants both highlight wilson prostaff golf club.
Telephone refuse toward most pants both highlight wolverines memorabilia.
Telephone ringing elements include resistance, capacitance and in some cases inductance elements.
Telephone rings with a normal sound.
Telephone simply call the fund and join over the telephone.
Telephone still play a role, as does voice mail.
Telephone still works.
Telephone switches only talk to telephones.
Telephone tariffs the cost associated with local residential and business telephone service.
Telephone There are two camp phones.
Telephone womens soccer.
Telephones again are useful because no procedure is required to connect to the telephone system.
Telephones allow almost instantaneous linkage between people anywhere on earth.
Telephones allow the characters to interact with one another without any emotional involvement.
Telephones are a luxury to most of the population of the South.
Telephones are a rarity.
Telephones are a wonderful invention.
Telephones are accessible from a wheelchair and are equipped for the hearing impaired.
Telephones are also available at each hostel.
Telephones are also available at the site.
Telephones are also available for public use.
Telephones are also damnable.
Telephones are also furnished in all patient rooms.
Telephones are always busy and people are always looking for relatives.
Telephones are an indispensable tool for offenders.
Telephones are another case in point.
Telephones are available at each center for the instructors and for learner emergencies.
Telephones are available at lodges near the trailhead.
Telephones are available at reception for a nominal fee.
Telephones are available at the premises for guest use.
Telephones are available at the shops, and a card telephone has recently been installed.
Telephones are available for a direct link anywhere in the world.
Telephones are available for guests.
Telephones are available for hearing impaired and deaf patients by contacting the nurses' station.
Telephones are available for job search use.
Telephones are available for local calls, and long-distance calls in emergency situations.
Telephones are available for local calls.
Telephones are available in all rooms.
Telephones Are available in all rooms.
Telephones are available in all student rooms.
Telephones are available in all students rooms.
Telephones are available in Conakry and in other major towns and hotels.
Telephones are available in Conakry and other major towns at major hotels.
Telephones are available in each building.
Telephones are available in each room for calls or modems.
Telephones are available in each room of the residence.
Telephones are available in each room.
Telephones are available in guest rooms.
Telephones are available in many designer styles and colors .
Telephones are available in most public places, hotels, cinemas, pubs etc.
Telephones are available in the lab and in the central corridor.
Telephones are available near the entrance to the visitor center and museum.
Telephones are available on a limited basis upon request.
Telephones are available on board.
Telephones are available on demand.
Telephones are available on request, for all wards.
Telephones are available on South Tarawa, but other areas depend on radio relays.
Telephones are available only to business and government.
Telephones are available throughout the campus.
Telephones are available to the group for interaction with the originating site.
Telephones are available upon request.
Telephones are available with large, lighted buttons which are easy to press.
Telephones are available.
Telephones are capable of rings.
Telephones are communicates.
Telephones are communication devices.
Telephones are cools.
Telephones are credit card operated.
Telephones are crucial to summoning police, fire, or medical assistance in an emergency.
Telephones are electronic equipment.
Telephones are especially tough.
Telephones are everywhere.
Telephones are for college business.
Telephones are for local calls only.
Telephones are fully automatic with direct dialling throughout the world.
Telephones are fully automatic with direct dialling to most countries.
Telephones are fully automatic with direct dialling to most parts of the world.
Telephones are great when they happen to be nearby.
Telephones are important too.
Telephones are in each apartment with on-campus and local access.
Telephones are in each classroom and voice mail application is in place.
Telephones are in each room to place outgoing calls.
Telephones are in each room, although only local access is available from the room.
Telephones are in each suite.
Telephones are in every classroom and working environment.
Telephones are in the master bedroom, third bedroom and living room.
Telephones are increasingly digital in the office and require special wiring.
Telephones are incredibly intrusive.
Telephones are largely used in America between private houses and shops, cab stands etc.
Telephones are limited to local calls only.
Telephones are located in desks.
Telephones are located in desktops.
Telephones are located in fraternity houses.
Telephones are located in hospitals.
Telephones are located in hotels.
Telephones are located in offices.
Telephones are located in parties.
Telephones are located in phone booths.
Telephones are located in telephone booths.
Telephones are more plentiful now, and their use is highly taxed.
Telephones are nearby.
Telephones are nice, but being with someone is a lot more than just talk.
Telephones are non-switchboard for direct use day or night.
Telephones are now easily available in Delhi and Mumbai.
Telephones are now quite available.
Telephones Are often card-operated.
Telephones are only available in the major cities, and the road network is very underdeveloped.
Telephones are optional.
Telephones are over a century old, but have yet to penetrate much of the globe.
Telephones are plentiful and allow direct dial international long distance.
Telephones are plentiful.
Telephones are radically different.
Telephones are readily available, but provide only audio communication.
Telephones are rotary, and have separate microphones and receivers, just as phones of that time did.
Telephones are so useful, and yet such a barrier.
Telephones are standard, but some rental companies charge for their use.
Telephones are telecommunication.
Telephones are the lifelines of the IT sector.
Telephones are the responsibility of the tenant and are to be connected only at existing outlets.
Telephones are to the right, behind the desk.
Telephones are tools that people use every day to make their jobs a little easier.
Telephones are tools.
Telephones are ubiquitous and cellular services offer mobility.
Telephones are used for communicates.
Telephones are used for communicating.
Telephones are used for communication.
Telephones are used for phone sex.
Telephones are used for talking.
Telephones are useful because no procedure is required to connect to the telephone system.
Telephones are usually busy.
Telephones avail upon request.
Telephones begin ringing in politicians' offices around the world.
Telephones Call waiting display, hold button, much more.
Telephones can be down for periods of time.
Telephones can call between rooms and even answer a doorbell.
Telephones can fail due to power outages and downed or damaged cables.
Telephones Check each house description to determine whether telephones are provided.
Telephones connected to the Skyway sit apart from the others.
Telephones consignees to report arrival of air freight.
Telephones continue to be open.
Telephones convert speech and data to electrical energy, which is sent great distances.
Telephones Enter a description of all telephone equipment.
Telephones feature world-wide direct dial.
Telephones have (part) circuits.
Telephones have (part) electron tubes.
Telephones have (part) resistors.
Telephones have (part) sections.
Telephones have (part) telephone receivers.
Telephones have (part) vacuum tubes.
Telephones have international direct dialling to most countries in the world.
Telephones have letters on the dialpad.
Telephones have many positive factors as well as negative ones.
Telephones have volume control.
Telephones help to build interpersonal skills, which are more important than technical skills.
Telephones help, for talking with other members.
Telephones is a tragicomic study in urban energy and rootlessness.
Telephones jingle every few minutes.
Telephones located in classrooms and offices are for faculty and staff use.
Telephones move information from place to place as speech or as faxes.
Telephones move information, but power lines move energy.
Telephones offer ubiquitous access to anybody with a quarter.
Telephones operate with calling cards.
Telephones Pay and campus telephones are in the foyer entrance.
Telephones Pay phones are accessible.
Telephones Pay phones are available at the congress venue, both for local and long distance calls.
Telephones Pay phones on first level are accessible.
Telephones Pay phones on second level are accessible.
Telephones Pay telephones are available for students to use.
Telephones Pay telephones are available in the lobby near the entrance.
Telephones Pay telephones are available on campus for public use.
Telephones Pay telephones are available on campus.
Telephones provide a vital link to the outside world.
Telephones provide convenient speech and data connectivity world-wide.
Telephones provide the audio interaction between instructors and students.
Telephones provided in all units have long distance call blocks.
Telephones rang out.
Telephones reach diverse geographic markets, and can be linked to computers for easy data analysis.
Telephones ring to front office from locked offices upstairs.
Telephones ring when they receive additional voltage.
Telephones soon find the horse thieves.
Telephones stop working, and there is no internet access.
Telephones there ring off the hook like a public TV telethon.
Telephones unite our scattered families and keep friendships alive.
Telephones vary in the number of telephone numbers it is set up to remember.
Telephones Always answer the phone cordially and clearly.
All telephones are available for lease on a monthly basis.
All telephones are headset and hearing aid compatible.
All telephones are in very good to excellent condition.
All telephones are wheelchair accessible and are equipped with volume controls.
All telephones are wheelchair accessible.
All telephones contain electronic components that are sensitive to radio.
All telephones have a hot dial pad.
All telephones have direct access to the Lisbon Metropolitan area.
All telephones have either an internal ringer or buzzer.
All telephones installed in recent years have the capability to have one touch buttons programmed.
ANY telephone calls.
Every telephone contains a microphone.
Every telephone has a single voice mailbox.
Many telephone directories for countries other than the United States provide sparse information.
Many telephones come with warranties when they are purchased.
Many telephones have a modest amount of memory now.
Many telephones let users store frequently-used phone numbers in the phone's memory.
Many telephones use small text displays that show dark characters on a mid-tone background.
Most telephones are safe from interference when used as directed.
Most telephones use conductive pads that are conductive thru and thru.
Some telephones also have a facility for amplifying both incoming and outgoing speech.
Some telephones are able to store speed dialing lists.
Some telephones are for both international and domestic.
Some telephones are more vulnerable to interference than others.
Some telephones have a switch that converts it from one to the other.
Some telephones have a tone pad, but the phone connection is still pulse dialing.
Some telephones have both touch-tone and pulse capability.
Some telephones have feature button labels spelled out.
Some telephones take a little longer to do.
Telephones exchanges provide the backbone of Internet connections today.
Telephones service is provided for campus and local calls in each room.
Some telephones sets are capable of providing a standard ring.
Telephonic advice is provided for a low fixed fee and there is no time limit on the call.
Telephonic notification is made when a held item becomes available.
Telephonic participation is encouraged.
Telephonic support is also possible.
Telephonic training is also possible.
A telephoto lens is a camera lens
Telephoto lens Adds to the field of view of the built-in lens.
Telephoto lens goes the other way.
A telephoto is a photograph
Telephoto lens .
Telephoto lens compact lens construction which provides a long focal length with a short back focus.
Telephoto lens to isolate and compress elements.
Telephoto lense A lens that provides a narrow field of vision, seeming to enlarge distant objects.
Telephoto lenses beam in on the eyes of the viewers.
Telephoto See the warning about design enhancements in the previous section.
Telephoto shots on a tripod and videos are successful.
Telephoto view showing tubular steel members.
Telephoto zoom lens for close-ups.
Telephoto zoom on turn on is still the same, unchanged.
A teleportation is a transfer
Teleportation allows people to concentrate on the message rather than the technology.
Teleportation allows some units to travel freely between levels.
Teleportation can take place in three different ways.
Teleportation extends the potential for companies to have a global presence at professional events.
Teleportation is already a reality.
Teleportation is performed if the two detectors simultaneously register photons.
Teleportation is the most rapid transit.
Teleportation occurs by atomization of the subject in one pod and reconstruction in the other.
Teleportations are transportation.
Telescan technology makes a difference, and that difference is in the results.
Telescope drive is too fast.
All telescope nuts have their prejudices about telescopes.
Some telescope types are heavy and very hard to transport.
A telescope is a scientific instrument
Telescope is now in use by low vision patients around the world.
Telescope is parked at zenith.
Telescope is shown here.
Telescope isa magnifier.
Telescopes also use a two number system, but they represent different metrics.
Telescopes are available for distance viewing.
Telescopes are available on the outside deck walkway.
Telescopes are available to allow guests to enjoy the spectacular night skies.
Telescopes are available to allow guests to explore the moon, planets, nebulae and galaxies.
Telescopes are available to members on a loan basis.
Telescopes are big visual funnels, pouring more and more photons into the observer s eye.
Telescopes are compound lens systems which allow high levels of magnification at greater distance.
Telescopes are corrected to give their best performance at relatively slow focal ratios at infinity.
Telescopes are cumbersome and hard to use.
Telescopes are devices that help astronomers overcome the limitations of the human eye.
Telescopes are devices.
Telescopes are easy to test.
Telescopes are even more affordable than ever before.
Telescopes are extremely helpful.
Telescopes are good, however, in the special case of looking at seabirds and ducks far from shore.
Telescopes are important tools for astronomers to collect light.
Telescopes are light buckets, or light funnels, more than image magnifiers.
Telescopes are limited to the observation of heavenly bodies and phenomena.
Telescopes are precision instruments, and very price competitive.
Telescopes are the tools of the astronomers to study the unverse.
Telescopes are timeless gifts that keep on giving.
Telescopes are welcome, and binoculars are encouraged.
Telescopes become aperture.
Telescopes bend light.
Telescopes can also enlarge objects that are relatively close to the Earth.
Telescopes can be simple as well as complex.
Telescopes Check out our telescopes and accessories.
Telescopes collect and focus radiation.
Telescopes come in many different sizes.
Telescopes come in two basic types - refractors and reflectors.
Telescopes come in various focal lengths, and focal reducers can be utilized.
Telescopes consist of sensors.
Telescopes create images.
Telescopes detect light.
Telescopes differ widely, depending upon the type of radiation that they are designed to detect.
Telescopes enable astronomers.
Telescopes extend that vision to see distant stars and galaxies.
Telescopes focus light.
Telescopes focus visible light.
Telescopes gather light by means of their primary and secondary mirrors.
Telescopes gather light from the stars and planets with a mirror or lens called an objective.
Telescopes gather light in one of two ways.
Telescopes gather light.
Telescopes have (part) aperture.
Telescopes have (part) sections.
Telescopes have angular resolution.
Telescopes have attachment.
Telescopes have bulging eyes, and Celestials have eyes that look straight up.
Telescopes have capability.
Telescopes have dozens of qualities to optimize.
Telescopes have focal ratios based on diameter.
Telescopes have glass lenses.
Telescopes have high angular resolution.
Telescopes have high magnification and a small field of view - just the opposite of binoculars.
Telescopes have high resolution.
Telescopes have lenses.
Telescopes have magnification.
Telescopes have mirrors.
Telescopes have power.
Telescopes have resolution.
Telescopes have resolve power.
Telescopes have secondary mirrors.
Telescopes have separate data LANs and control LANs.
Telescopes have to be effective in worse than median conditions.
Telescopes have two pupils, an entrance pupil and an exit pupil.
Telescopes is nearly complete.
Telescopes make far-away things look bigger , brighter and closer .
Telescopes make far-away things look bigger, brighter and closer.
Telescopes make objects look bigger, closer, brighter.
Telescopes make optimal use of their equipment.
Telescopes make stars and planets look bigger.
Telescopes produce diffraction.
Telescopes range in power and size.
Telescopes range in price from a few hundred dollars to hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Telescopes rely on the interaction between energy and matter.
Telescopes rely on the principles of aperture to help people see far-off objects in space.
Telescopes see only a small part of the sky, and meteors appear in random spots.
Telescopes show a fairly loose cluster with stars of wide variety of magnitudes.
Telescopes show a round patch of light bright in the center and fading toward the edges.
Telescopes show a small fuzzy ball of light, bright in the center fading to the edges.
Telescopes show details.
Telescopes show the light of stars millions or billions of light-years away.
Telescopes take all the light in a big area and put in into a small area.
Telescopes use extra lenses.
Telescopes use glass.
Telescopes use lenses.
Telescopes use light to see things.
Telescopes use mirrors.
Telescopes Uses a large lenses to gather light.
Telescopes vary in price, depending on the style, size, and quality.
Telescopes vary widely in price .
Telescopes watching from Earth and orbit are to search that plume for evidence of water.
Telescopes work by capturing, and rendering light to a common focus point.
Telescopes work by gathering light, and by magnification.
Telescopes work in the same way except they collect light.
Telescopes often show the image upside down and some show the image reversed from left to right.
Telescopes usually come with a selection of eyepieces that offer low, medium and high powers.
Telescopes usually come with eyepieces.
Telescopes usually outlast their builders.
Telescopes usually wobble a little after moving.
Telescopes usually wobble some after moving.
All telescopes collect light and magnify it .
All telescopes fall into one of three optical classes.
All telescopes have two axes rotation that are perpendicular to each other.
All telescopes have two axis rotation that are perpendicular to each other.
All telescopes share some common features and terminology.
Every telescope has a limited range of useful magnifications.
Every telescope has advantages and disadvantages.
Every telescope has at least some level of optical aberration.
Every telescope has either a primary lens or mirror that is used for collecting light.
Every telescope reports the sky conditions over the four quarters during the night.
Many telescopes appear tilted so that the frame lines up with the celestial poles.
Many telescopes are Earth-based, located in astronomical observatories around the world.
Many telescopes have a miniature telescope attached to the side.
Many telescopes have adjustable collimation.
Most telescopes are linked to their relevant homepages.
Most telescopes are on the ground.
Most telescopes become aperture.
Most telescopes bend light.
Most telescopes can use any of the Barlow lenses on the market.
Most telescopes consist of sensors.
Most telescopes create images.
Most telescopes detect light.
Most telescopes enable astronomers.
Most telescopes focus light.
Most telescopes focus visible light.
Most telescopes have a finderscope attached to the side to help aim it.
Most telescopes have angular resolution.
Most telescopes have attachment.
Most telescopes have capability.
Most telescopes have glass lenses.
Most telescopes have high angular resolution.
Most telescopes have high resolution.
Most telescopes have lenses.
Most telescopes have magnification.
Most telescopes have mirrors.
Most telescopes have power.
Most telescopes have rather narrow fields of view.
Most telescopes have resolution.
Most telescopes have secondary mirrors.
Most telescopes have to change the fitting coefficients every one or two hours.
Most telescopes help people see things visually.
Most telescopes look up.
Most telescopes produce diffraction.
Most telescopes show details.
Most telescopes use extra lenses.
Most telescopes use glass.
Most telescopes use lenses.
Most telescopes use mirrors.
Some telescopes are rough and tough and user friendly, and like to be touched.
Some telescopes can look at wide areas of the sky at once.
Some telescopes can measure the heat coming from the things in the sky.
Some telescopes come with pole-finding reticles for their finderscopes.
Some telescopes detect flashes.
Some telescopes detect radiation.
Some telescopes have ability.
Some telescopes have another set of lenses that turn the image upright.
Some telescopes have designs.
Some telescopes have detectors.
Some telescopes have dishes.
Some telescopes have eyepiece holders.
Some telescopes have fields.
Some telescopes have holders.
Some telescopes have light.
Some telescopes have radar transmitters.
Some telescopes have superior ability.
Some telescopes have telescopes.
Some telescopes have transmitters.
Some telescopes mount on platforms.
Some telescopes reverse left and right, as well as invert the image.
Some telescopes use different size eyepieces.
Some telescopes use materials.
Telescopic design provides more flexibility than straight mast machines.
Telescopic feature permits selection of desired level of magnification.
Telescopic forks are repairable, check stanchions for wrinkles where they are clamped.
Telescopic lenses can help with images at a slightly further distance.
Telescopic observations show the motions of the moons over several hours.
Telescopic observations tend to offer sensitive views of only very small pieces of the universe .
Telescopic rods ensure fast and skilled action for pros.
Telescopic sight is sights
Telescopic sights are best at long ranges in bright light.
A televangelism is an evangelism
Televangelism is big business, amounting to billions of dollars each year.
A televangelist is a preacher
Televangelists are evangelists.
Televangelists are the pro-wrestlers of religion.
Televangelists have cockatoo hair and extend their vowels.
Some televangelists talk about a restoration of physical Israel.
Television ads are another thing.
Television ads can also create misperceptions among children about the value of advertised foods.
Television ads provide a national, culturally shared frame of reference.
Television ads work.
Television advertisements are an important source of information about toys.
Television advertisements are very important because their audience is very large.
Television advertising can be quite expensive.
Television advertising changes attitudes about drinking.
Television advertising engages children as passive consumers who watch and listen.
Television advertising has a significant effect on increasing adolescent drinking.
Television advertising includes broadcast and cable.
Television advertising is a prime example of American kitsch.
Television advertising is also the most expensive medium.
Television advertising is eliminated for three to four months during the summer.
Television advertising is expensive, though.
Television advertising is extremely high-impact, but it is expensive.
Television advertising is inexpensive.
Television advertising is THE best form of advertising that ANY company can do.
Television advertising is the other.
Television advertising is too rich for our budget at present.
Television advertising sells products by exploiting lifestyles, wishes and desires.
Television advertising takes the largest single portion of the Chinese advertising market.
Television advertising varies greatly depending on the hour, the show and the channel.
Television anchors establish eye contact.
A television antenna is an antenna
Television antennas are directional.
Television broadcasts are a bit better than high-band.
Television broadcasts are bilingual.
Television broadcasts are broadcasting.
Television broadcasts are important to baseball's financial stability.
Television broadcasts begin in black and white.
Television broadcasts provide coverage of legislative sessions and policy meetings.
Television broadcasting comes to Grand Rapids.
Television broadcasting is also a public enterprise.
Television broadcasting is state controlled.
Television broadcasting presents many different television programmes, one after another.
Television broadcasting remains under state monopoly.
A television camera is electronic equipment
Television camera can be screw-mounted to top of sensor head.
Television cameras are everywhere, and guards sit in cabins at the main entrances.
Television cameras are in the front and on the side.
Television cameras assist in locating trouble spots and other sewer deficiencies.
Television cameras can have that effect.
Television cameras roll as the ceremony begins.
All television cameras are identical with the exception of accessory hardware.
A television channel is a TV station
Television channels can be simplex or duplex, and redundant or non-redundant.
Television channels have informative Web sites that are also worth looking into.
Television commercials are a great resource for explaining intellectual errors.
Television commercials are a prime source of discontentment.
Television commercials are commercials.
Television commercials are different.
Television commercials are extremely alluring to the viewer.
Television commercials are newer and more effective.
Television commercials are spoofed, as are disaster and kung-fu films.
Television commercials capitalize on it.
Television commercials encourage children to crave toys or other products indiscriminately.
Television commercials show Web addresses.
Television commercials update and inform our viewers of site enhancements and key features.
Every television commercial is an invitation.
Most television commercials advertise banks and trading companies.
Television companies buy the telecast rights.
Television companies continue to show an interest.
More television companies hope to repeat BSkyB's trick of boosting subscribers through sport.
Television coverage attracts a lot of attention.
Television coverage can help spark that interest and involvement.
Television coverage guarantees exposure for players.
Television coverage is a key priority.
Television coverage is constant.
Television coverage is especially dreadful.
Television coverage is extremely important to the sponsorship mix.
Television coverage is instrumental in making such events a financial success for the institution.
Television coverage is provided via cable service.
Television coverage needs to get back to where it was years ago but with the technology of today.
Television crews are workers.
Television crews can set up at the back of the auditorium.
Television crews come from Korea, England and Japan.
Television crews roam the streets and urge people to do just that.
Some television critics say so.
Television documentaries can be particularly enjoyable.
Television documentaries offer more tense action.
Television drama is a strong inspiration for their titles.
Television drama is drama.
Television drama is television programs.
Television dramas portraying attorneys are correct on one point.
Television dramas portraying attorney's are correct on one point.
Most television dramas emphasise great diagnosticians and cures against all odds.
All television evangelists are persons motivated purely by self interest.
Television game shows in Japan and the United States.
Television history is popular history, and that means narrative history.
Television journalists are as culpable of the sins of omission as their print colleagues.
Television journalists move around.
Television listings carry a small CC symbol for closed-captioned programs.
Television Listings Find out what's on television and when.
Television movies are available in rooms.
Television movies are rare and like the movies at the cinema heavily cut for censuring.
Most television movies cost just under three million.
Television networks are quite open about their desire to broadcast court proceedings.
Television networks are service organizations.
Television networks are worried about the amount of time TV viewers are spending online.
Television networks depict themselves as watchdogs over politicians.
Television networks develop viewer profiles to determine new programming.
Television networks have their own broadcast network that reaches viewers in real time.
Television networks listen to critics to a certain extent.
Television networks take constant flack for how they chose to air the presidential campaigns.
Television news adds pictures and color, but requires accompanying spoken words to be enlightening.
Television news does a pretty good job, although brief, with mountain weather.
Television news is a careful construction designed to fit into a specific formatted timeslot.
Television news is a child's window to the world.
Television news is a joke.
Television news is a prominent source of children's fears.
Television news is almost entirely entertainment and sensationalism.
Television news is dangerous to our children's emotional and psychological health.
Television news is dominated by traffic accidents, violence, and entertainment.
Television news is like a lightning flash.
Television news is news programs.
Television news is news
Television news is part of the answer.
Television news is stuck in an ongoing cycle of glamorized violence.
Television news needs to give the headlines so that people can refer to their newspapers.
Television news reports about space missions.
Television news suffers the same fate.
Television news tends to emphasize the unusual or dramatic moments of a trial.
Television personalities touch up their makeup.
Television producers embrace the philosophy everything old is new again.
Most television producers are very rich people.
Television production involves both static composition and dynamic composition.
Television production is a time intensive.
Television production is much more than giving kids a camera and shooting pictures.
Television production occurs at the show shoot.
Television production skills a plus.
A television program is a program
Television program live remote pick-up coordinating engineer.
Television programs are a mix of American and local shows.
Television programs are broadcasts.
Television programs are extremely diverse.
Television programs are in quotation marks.
Television programs are located in television.
Television programs are many different things to many different people.
Television programs are programs.
Television programs are videos.
Television programs begin with television program .
Television programs have producers.
Television programs present a narrow view of the world, and the world they present is violent.
Television programs reflect the public's renewed interest in the bright illumination.
Television programs send kids to the Web to vote or participate in contests and polls.
Television programs turn to psychic for help in anything paranormal or strange.
Many television programs have subtitles transmitted with the picture.
Most television programs portray values that are the opposite of Christian teachings.
Some television programs are so much chewing gum for the eyes.
Television programmes are inflexible, and chosen by the station.
Television programmes are open to varying interpretations.
Television programming damages our society.
Television programming follows suit.
Television programming is available on the main screen and In-Seat Video.
Television programming is dispatched to classrooms via a cable network.
Television programming is fantasy formation on a huge scale.
Television programming is likely to develop an interactive element in the future.
Television programming is still mostly free to the user.
Television programming is subject to change.
Television programming is very international.
Television programming reflects public taste.
Television programming shapes public opinion and culture in myriad ways.
Television programming takes on a decidedly Afro-friendly tone.
All television programming is expensive to produce.
Television providers have educational programs available on demand.
Television ratings are also very high.
Television ratings are among the best in the sport.
Television ratings are flat.
Television ratings are huge.
Television ratings are up, and there's a lucrative new network deal kicking in next season.
Television ratings begin with the sample.
Television ratings show the lowest World Series viewership ever.
A television receiver is a receiver
Television receivers require a source of field timing reference signals, or field rates .
Television receivers use electrical energy.
Television receivers use energy.
Most television receivers use electrical energy.
Most television receivers use energy.
Television reception is nonexistant in the cabin area due to the beautiful mountainous surroundings.
Television reception is poor due to the surrounding mountains.
Television reception is very limited.
Television reception is where they drew the line.
Television rights are still available.
Television screens allow views from the underwater video camera of the whales actions.
Television screens are everywhere.
Television screens are still clunky and unwieldy.
Television screens bring pictures from all parts of the globe into homes.
Television screens can sweep the landscape like locusts devouring harvest grain.
Television screens demonstrate the process of making caviar.
Television screens display pictures.
Television screens display the same picture in the same way on all television screens.
Television screens dot the room.
Television screens generate a lot of static electricity, which attracts dust.
Television screens grow in size while multiplex theater screens shrink.
Television screens provide close-up views of chefs demonstrating their techniques.
Television screens showing the festivities in Sydney, Australia, suddenly go blank.
Television series make up a large portion of the list.
Most television series are either open-ended or complete.
A television set is a receiver
Television sets are also available for general use in the main lounge of each building.
Television sets are available for viewing programs on the campus network.
Television sets are communication devices.
Television sets are everywhere.
Television sets are located in houses.
Television sets are located in stores.
Television sets are particularly dangerous during thunderstorms.
Television sets fall into the same category as our computer monitors.
Television sets glow in dingy rooms.
Television sets use the same principles as particle accelerators.
Every television set has a comb filter.
Many television sets advertise comb filters nowadays.
Some television sets get very hot and are potential fire hazards.
A television show is a program
Television shows appraise old attic-kept items to discover they are worth small fortunes.
Television shows are currently on the air.
Television shows are fictional.
Television shows are full of openly gay characters.
Television shows are lives.
Television shows are located in television.
Television shows are mainstream entretainment, easy to access, and generally easy to understand.
Television shows are ripe with quick one-liner insults.
Television shows explore the topic and books on spiritual issues fill the bestseller lists.
Many television shows use digital sound effects and dialog recording exclusively.
Most television shows make the interactive claim with that reasoning behind it.
Some television shows propose one future.
Television sitcoms are usually just an effective time-waster, a way to procrastinate.
Television sitcoms make use of soundtracks of people laughing for a reason.
Television spots are currently in production.
Television spots drive elections because there is money to buy spots.
Television spots have to speak clearly and directly to the female audience.
Television standards are lower.
A television station is a broadcast station
Television stations are broadcasting stations.
Television stations are just as bad.
Television stations are part of communication systems.
Television stations are service organizations.
Television stations can additionally show our webcameras, as long as our logo is shown onscreen.
Television stations compete amongst themselves for the best visual effects.
Television stations comprise the other side of the digital television equation.
Television stations face high operating and programming costs.
Television stations have public affairs programs.
Television stations keep running it.
Television stations like to promote their town's citizens.
All television stations are under the gun to convert to broadcasting a digital signal.
All television stations go in for the party politics of their respective towns.
Every television station dedicates a chunk of each news broadcast to Super Bowl hype.
Many television stations have websites that provide weather forecasting and radar images.
Many television stations repeat broadcasts of the programs later in the week or on weekends.
Most television stations are have-nots.
Most television stations do a late night news broadcast.
Some television stations transmit signals horizontally, others transmit signals vertically.
Television stories are fast-paced, giving children a distorted sense of time.
Most television stories are under a minute long.
Television studios provide additional outlets for practice of the performing and directing crafts.
A television system is a communication system
Television systems use a technique called interlacing to paint a picture on the TV screen.
Television technology enables citizen oversight of the government in important new ways.
Television technology paints each image onto photo-sensitive pixels line by line.
Television today enables the world to know exactly what is happening, when it is happening.
Television today is a fantasyland.
Television today is a wasteland.
Television today is far less violent than it was a decade ago.
Television today is generally overly violent and or sexually oriented.
Television today is no longer a puzzle and has become a well-established and accepted medium.
Television today is technically the most pervasive medium.
Television today is the schoolroom of sex, violence and trashy talk.
Television today needs to be compartmentalised so that it can satisfy a variety of customers.
A television transmitter is a sender
Television transmitters have atomic clocks.
Television viewers are on the verge of burnout from too many choices.
Television viewers can access enhanced programming through interactive television receivers.
Television viewers can get such contrived mediated images from countless other types of programming.
Television viewers have dozens of news sources available via cable, satellites, and broadcast.
Television viewers think of themselves the same way, one of millions watching a program.
Television viewers watch as tearful students and shocked educators relate the story of the day.
Some television viewers use small satellite dishes to receive signals directly from satellites.
Television violence abounds.
Television violence affects both adults and children in subtle ways.
Television violence appears to be the strongest predictor of future offending.
Television violence can destroy a young child's mind.
Television violence does lead to real-world violence.
Television violence has an adverse effect on viewers.
Television violence is a centrist issue.
Television violence is addictive.
Television violence is antiseptic with few real consequences, little pain and even less blood.
Television violence is especially harmful because children easily understand visual images.
Television violence is now the norm rather than the exception.
Television Violence Is TV the cause of youth violence.
Television violence makes children passive.
Television violence takes many forms.
Television writers have very different interests from feature film writers.
Television achieves the illusion of motion in a similar but unique fashion.
Television addresses a variety of issues that can stimulate conversation.
Television adds many qualities to the nineties life.
Television adds to the chaos.
Television advertises weight-loss miracle devices as well.
Television affects children's health, their physical fitness and nutrition.
Television affects people physically.
Television allows channel hopping and conversation.
Television allows facts to be transmitted almost instantaneously across continents.
Television allows presidents to communicate with adversary leaders and populations.
Television allows the viewers to make up their own minds.
Television allows the young a window on the adult world.
Television alone makes a powerful impact on two senses at once.
Television already is too vulgar, too violent and too racy.
Television also affords writers the opportunity to develop characters over time.
Television also allows training to cross county lines, which helps stretch resources.
Television also buys footage from free-lance camera crews.
Television also can provide children with an understanding of common values and right and wrong.
Television also contributes to the legal profession's eroding image.
Television also discourages concentration.
Television also edits films, both for content and for length.
Television also encourages unhealthy eating habits.
Television also fares well when compared with other traditional media.
Television also has a fleeting quality about it.
Television also has some holdover appointment shows.
Television also has tremendous opportunities in an increasingly competitive market.
Television also offers a number of educational choices.
Television also outpaces the print media in terms of popularity, especially in the urban areas.
Television also portrays violence against men as normal - it happens all time.
Television also practices deception on viewers.
Television also represents a new way of working for the duo.
Television also teaches by what it ignores as much as by what it addresses.
Television also tends to be a solitary, or at least isolating, form of social activity.
Television also uses radio signals to send pictures and sound .
Television also uses radio signals to send pictures and sound.
Television appears to enlarge the vocabulary of preschool children.
Television approaches the process from a different perspective.
Television ask Offer off one appearance near an corner.
Television attempts to reinvent itself by going into hiding.
Television being the beginning, it triggers off the search for knowledge.
Television belongs to writers.
Television brings eating disorders to Fiji .
Television brings entertainment and a glimpse into the outside world into consumers' living rooms.
Television brings information and entertainment.
Television brings no ordinary obituaries.
Television brings pornography and the foulest language into our homes.
Television broadcasts our choices.
Television cameras the size of a sugar cube.
Television can also adversely affect school work.
Television can also play a key role bringing literature to life.
Television can also play an educational role when it comes to sex.
Television can also provide kids with an understanding of common values and what s right and wrong.
Television can also provide kids with an understanding of common values and what's right and wrong.
Television can also provide strong role models.
Television can be a big problem.
Television can be a force on campus.
Television can be a good tool for laughter.
Television can be a great tool for education too.
Television can be a great tool for education, too.
Television can be a positive force in a youngster's life, but only if that child is media-literate.
Television can be a positive force in the family.
Television can be a powerful influence in developing value systems and shaping behavior.
Television can be a powerful influence in developing value systems and shaping behaviour.
Television can be a powerful learning tool.
Television can be a powerful tool for democracy and civil society . . .
Television can be a strong and positive force.
Television can be a valuable resource for children.
Television can be a very powerful influence in children s lives.
Television can be a very powerful influence in children's lives.
Television can be a very powerful learning tool.
Television can be a whirlpool of poor values that sucks a child in.
Television can be an idol.
Television can be an important and powerful civics teacher for viewers of all ages.
Television can be an incredible tool for evangelism, but only when the door is open.
Television can be educational, but is generally known for entertainment.
Television can be educational.
Television can be good or bad.
Television can be great avenue of influence in children.
Television can be more than sitcoms and sensationalism.
Television can be very moving - enjoy.
Television can become a tool to help define personal values and beliefs.
Television can connect people to information from all over the world.
Television can cripple a child's self worth.
Television can demonstrate a product or service like no other medium.
Television can do that .
Television can educate, illuminate, and entertain.
Television can emphasize image over substance.
Television can encourage presidents to favor crisis management over long-term planning.
Television can enrich family life.
Television can entertain some dogs and cats.
Television can expand a child's education, or it can have negative effects.
Television can finally become a global experience with international communities of viewers.
Television can give almost exactly what the two candidates want.
Television can greatly influence the election of a national leader on the basis of image.
Television can have a powerful influence on people.
Television can have a strong influence on children.
Television can have a tremendous impact on our lives.
Television can motivate, change attitudes, and whet the appetite.
Television can only destroy.
Television can only get better.
Television can play a key role in that process.
Television can provide more entertaining and efficient information transfer.
Television can report the results of the democratic actions taken through the website.
Television can seriously affect relations with allies.
Television can show how a product is used.
Television carries a combination of local and foreign programmes.
Television catches the blame for a lot of societal problems which have other causes.
Television combines audio and video for information and entertainment.
Television combines sight, sound, motion, and emotion, which no other media can do.
Television comes as a natural alternative.
Television comes in here too to augment the learning process.
Television comes in just one direction.
Television comes into the home an average of seven hours a day.
Television communicates important value messages, especially to children.
Television contains educational programs and news reports.
Television continues to be the hardest medium to master creatively.
Television continues to misrepresent the elderly.
Television contributes to homogenisation of cultures .
Television contributes to obesity.
Television corrupts the spiritual character.
Television costs a lot.
Television covers everything that is happening most of the time.
Television cuts out embarrassment and allows each student to get involved.
Television dances the time warp all the time.
Television demands attention to visual detail.
Television demands dramatic backdrops, color, and movement.
Television desensitizes the child to violence in general and to the pain of others.
Television detests an open mind.
Television devotes more broadcast time to the Vietnam war.
Television devotes two entire networks to financial news.
Television dictates our way of life.
Television dines on facile conflict.
Television directly contributes to a violent society.
Television displays more men in boxer shorts than in other underwear.
Television does a pretty good job, too.
Television does get two things right about lawyers.
Television does it all the time.
Television does it quicker than just about anything.
Television does it.
Television does more than entertain children.
Television does that everyday.
Television does that.
Television does what it can, but there is nothing like direct instruction.
Television dominates our night life and much of our thinking.
Television drives the masses of eyeballs.
Television easily runs out of stories.
Television emphasizes the dramatic and the personal.
Television encourages emotions between spouses through soap-operas and dramatic family episodes.
Television encourages passive responses.
Television encourages superstitions.
Television encourages violent behavior in viewers.
Television enjoys a long and proven history in terms of message delivery and communication efficacy.
Television excludes no viewer at any time.
Television excludes no viewer for any reason.
Television exemplifies the results.
Television exerts a particularly powerful influence.
Television exists for three reasons.
Television exists to deliver audiences to advertisers.
Television expands it.
Television favors the simplistic argument and primitive image.
Television figures high among media.
Television Find people.
Television focuses ad nauseam on the leaders.
Television forgave over one eye nor learnt fuji golf game download.
Television generates a much larger volume of material.
Television gets it in the neck from both sides.
Television gives an otherwise fragmented populace a common frame of experience and references.
Television gives equal weight to unequal facts.
Television gives it a natural advertising medium for all the other products.
Television goes for a mass audience.
Television goes on the air.
Television goes to great lengths to try to provide interest and a larger picture of life's drama.
Television gradually anesthetizes a man's and woman's mind because TV requires no mental exertion.
Television grossly exaggerates reality and fails to explain anything with any clarity.
Television has (part) audios.
Television has (part) sections.
Television has (part) videos.
Television has a brimming impact on the popularity of names.
Television has a detrimental influence on education.
Television has a history, albeit a short and inglorious one.
Television has a huge impact on children.
Television has a linear format for presenting information.
Television has a long history in Indianapolis.
Television has a long history of assaulting our common agreements on good taste.
Television has a major impact on how children grow up.
Television has a tremendous impact on our society.
Television has a very different audience than any particular radio station.
Television has a way of making everything appear smaller than real life.
Television has a wealth of informative and entertaining programming today.
Television has also drained away theater audiences, the directors complain.
Television has an aura of importance.
Television has an immense impact on our lives.
Television has certain characteristics that distinguish it from the other agents of socialization.
Television has components.
Television has difficulty with depth.
Television has effects on children that are positive.
Television has enough power today to be rightfully called the fourth estate.
Television has many other shows that are family shows, but they are on a different level.
Television has many pros and cons.
Television has many types of sync signals, with different purposes.
Television has more control over the length of the game than the players, coaches or referees.
Television has no democratic potential.
Television has one main function, even if it buys some other functions from the computer.
Television has powerful impact on the thinking of the viewer.
Television has priorities, after all.
Television has ratings to determine viewership.
Television has sight, motion and emotion.
Television has so much to offer wholesome and educational, and to the contrary so little uplifting.
Television has some great uses - educational, entertaining and informing.
Television has the choicest work spaces, the largest staffs, the best buffets.
Television has the opportunity to change people's lives by holding up a mirror.
Television has the potential to deliver the most memorable message of all the media.
Television has the power to raise up the ordinary and make it extraordinary.
Television has the undeniable power to inform and inspire.
Television has to a great extent taken the place of hands as a medium for game playing and fantasy.
Television has to be our focus for the new century.
Television has to begin to speak to the experience of giving viewers new choices.
Television has to keep the viewer interested and has strict time constraints.
Television has to reflect that.
Television has to respond to what the viewers want.
Television has two dimensions to work with, sight and sound.
Television has, once again, become a stage for the adapted novel.
Television hates a one-punch fight.
Television have many bad effects on the family's life style.
Television helps make the world a much smaller place.
Television homogenizes reality, and computers create it.
Television ignores the thousands of small decisions, the little moments, the commonplace.
Television illustrates the indoctrination.
Television impacts children on many levels - physically, emotionally, socially, and mentally.
Television impairs our attention spans and our vision.
Television imprints a series of memorable snapshot images.
Television increasingly fills the youths' hours.
Television influences children's perception of the values of behavior that is common and acceptable.
Television influences the quality of reading material a child selects.
Television is a battleground for ratings.
Television is a big part of lives as opposed to in England.
Television is a bore.
Television is a broadcast medium.
Television is a broadcasting
Television is a business whose purpose is gathering audiences.
Television is a business, and so they go where the money is.
Television is a business.
Television is a cleaner medium.
Television is a closeup and sometimes more subtle medium.
Television is a close-up medium.
Television is a closeup medium.
Television is a communal experience that demands little decision making from viewers.
Television is a completely different matter.
Television is a constant part of our environment.
Television is a crucial part of many people's lives.
Television is a cultural wasteland.
Television is a cyclical thing.
Television is a demon.
Television is a different creature.
Television is a dinosaur.
Television is a diverse community resource, used.
Television is a dominant cultural influence.
Television is a drug.
Television is a even better analogy.
Television is a fantasy world.
Television is a fast and accurate way of sending people everywhere news, and joy.
Television is a force which seems to threaten their hold on the reins.
Television is a form of mass media that revolutionized communications.
Television is a funny thing.
Television is a goddamned amusement park, that s what television is.
Television is a good aid to learning English.
Television is a good example.
Television is a good media, but the rates are very costly.
Television is a good value in the spring.
Television is a great and terrible medium.
Television is a great conveyor of emotion, real or feigned.
Television is a great cure for insomnia.
Television is a great manipulator.
Television is a great means for communication.
Television is a great mix of 'social' and 'solo' writing.
Television is a harsh mistress.
Television is a high fixed-overhead business.
Television is a highly creative but demanding career option.
Television is a horizontal medium, and vertical graphics look awkward.
Television is a horizontal medium.
Television is a key medium, as leprosy lends itself to a highly visual campaign.
Television is a lie.
Television is a little more complex.
Television is a locally produced sport network.
Television is a main source of communication when it comes to the new also.
Television is a major contributor to the cutural life of every country of Europe.
Television is a major part of people's lives.
Television is a mass medium, but there are many other kinds of mass media.
Television is a mass medium.
Television is a medium because it is neither rare nor well done.
Television is a medium of real-time consumption and as such, has a voracious appetite for content.
Television is a medium that has transcended racial lines.
Television is a medium that seems to have all the answers.
Television is a medium whose existence serves the sole purpose of delivering viewers to advertisers.
Television is a medium.
Television is a mental illusion.
Television is a mere source of entertainment which can be used positively or abused negatively.
Television is a mirror into our lives.
Television is a more promising medium.
Television is a much more natural medium for comics on the screen.
Television is a narcotic for the masses.
Television is a New AEon common.
Television is a new medium and one of the most effective means of transferring information.
Television is a nongraded curriculum.
Television is a non-physical activity.
Television is a one way communication.
Television is a one-way media.
Television is a parent for many children today.
Television is a part of the ecology, but in complex ways.
Television is a particular medium in a particular state of affairs.
Television is a passive entertainment medium.
Television is a passive media.
Television is a passive medium and news requires more engagement.
Television is a pervasive influence in our society and in our homes.
Television is a poor baby-sitter.
Television is a poor conductor of odor.
Television is a powerful agent for development.
Television is a powerful force in the shaping of American society.
Television is a powerful medium that reaches nearly every household in America.
Television is a powerful medium.
Television is a powerful tool for selling or promoting toys and products.
Television is a powerful tool that has the ability to legitimize a product or service.
Television is a powerful tool that is used daily to influence the masses.
Television is a powerful voice.
Television is a proven educational medium with unlimited dimensions.
Television is a proven, effective means of reaching the hearts and minds of people.
Television is a 'push' medium.
Television is a raster medium.
Television is a real way to do that.
Television is a real-world example of push technology.
Television is a service-industry that has generated deep transformations in our social life.
Television is a solitary experience.
Television is a somewhat distorted mirror of our times, but it is, a mirror.
Television is a space where people go to exchange ideas about the political process.
Television is a special case.
Television is a storytelling medium.
Television is a tabloid.
Television is a teacher, and for many younger children, a babysitter.
Television is a technology everyone feels at home with.
Television is a terrific way to show people how something works, or what happened and why.
Television is a thief of character.
Television is a thief of money.
Television is a thief of time.
Television is a threat to children's inner stability.
Television is a unique literary form.
Television is a useful medium to convey messages to urban as well as rural people.
Television is a valuable promotional tool.
Television is a vast spectrum of garbage, but with the occasional gem.
Television is a vast wasteland.
Television is a very accessible means of entering people's lives.
Television is a very different kind of thing from film.
Television is a very effective way of communicating.
Television is a very emotional medium.
Television is a very odd beast that way.
Television is a very persuasive medium.
Television is a very powerful and influential medium.
Television is a very powerful medium.
Television is a very ubiquitous and affordable environment.
Television is a virtual parade of neurotic people, and they are presented as real life.
Television is a visual medium.
Television is a visually driven medium.
Television is a waste of time.
Television is able to bring the world into millions of homes.
Television is about as accessible a medium as one can imagine.
Television is about money.
Television is about teaching.
Television is about to change from analog to digital broadcasting.
Television is absolutely overwhelming dominant.
Television is accepted as the news medium that gets it first.
Television is accused of creating a society of violent, illiterate slobs.
Television is actually a stimulant for some individuals.
Television is actually closer to reality than anything in books.
Television is addictive and usually the biggest deterrent to reading.
Television is after all, a form of graven imagery far more alluring than a golden calf. . .
Television is alive and well today.
Television is almost always absent.
Television is already international, and so is, more than anything else, the Internet.
Television is also a tool of growth.
Television is also a wonderful source of entertainment.
Television is also ambient, some kind of video wallpaper.
Television is also available in the guest lounge.
Television is also primarily an analog medium.
Television is also profitable.
Television is always on the cutting edge of social, political, economic, and cultural developments.
Television is among the most powerful influences in our children's lives.
Television is a-moral.
Television is an almost universal form of entertainment.
Television is an alternative channel for business to consumer electronic commerce.
Television is an altogether different ball game.
Television is an amazing device which man learned how to make.
Television is an effective medium for turning mayhem into tedium.
Television is an effective medium of advertising, and the costs are relatively modest.
Television is an effective tool in expressing abstract concepts or ideas.
Television is an effective, though pricey, outlet.
Television is an egalitarian dispenser of information.
Television is an electronic miracle.
Television is an essentially passive experience.
Television is an even more interesting arena.
Television is an example of multimedia.
Television is an expensive business.
Television is an extremely competitive market.
Television is an extremely cost-effective way of delivering course material.
Television is an extremely effective media for advertisers.
Television is an extremely effective medium for advertisers.
Television is an extremely fast paced medium.
Television is an extremely odd phenomenon.
Television is an extremely powerful tool.
Television is an ideal medium to improve school readiness.
Television is an immensely powerful medium for promoting positive social change.
Television is an important factor in modern campaigns.
Television is an important medium for national advertisers.
Television is an important resource for our schools.
Television is an incredible trigger to eat.
Television is an insidiously stifling device.
Television is an instrument of kingship.
Television is an integral part of modern communications.
Television is an integral part of the environment of American homes today.
Television is an intimate medium .
Television is an intimate medium.
Television is an intrusive medium, reaching customers in their homes.
Television is an invention to be regretted.
Television is an obvious answer.
Television is an obvious tool for exposing all family members to life outside of mainstream America.
Television is an unconsciously controlling device.
Television is another broadcast medium.
Television is another important medium.
Television is another large factor.
Television is another problem.
Television is another source.
Television is another.
Television is appliances.
Television is arguably the most influential media ever invented.
Television is arrogant, too.
Television is at the beginning of a dramatic change.
Television is at war with godly manhood.
Television is available at nominal charge.
Television is available by request prior to arrival.
Television is available in each student residence room.
Television is available in the spacious living room.
Television is available on request.
Television is available, as is radio.
Television is bad for young gifted children.
Television is banned as are video cassette recorders and satellite dishes.
Television is banned.
Television is based on photoelectric technology.
Television is beautiful.
Television is best at covering a market.
Television is biased.
Television is both simple and complex.
Television is bright, colorful and tailored to our short attention spans.
Television is broadcast mediums.
Television is broadcasting.
Television is but one method of obtaining crucial weather information.
Television is by definition third person.
Television is by far one of the most dynamic and enjoyable professions to work in.
Television is by nature intrusive, so expect bright lights and a little noise.
Television is captioned and telephones have amplification.
Television is certainly a big resource for that.
Television is certainly a pervasive medium.
Television is certainly omnipresent, but it's been relegated to a fairly minor role in schools.
Television is certainly one of the most powerful means of providing information to the public.
Television is cheap, undemanding, convenient.
Television is clearly one of the big players in the new multimedia landscape.
Television is clearly the most powerful means of communication in our culture.
Television is complete formula.
Television is comprised of many inventions or related technologies.
Television is concealed inside an antique chest which raises at the foot of a bed for viewing.
Television is considered to be the most authoritative, influential and believable media.
Television is constant and always there in front of the prospective buying public.
Television is consumed in vast quantities around the world.
Television is consumed in vast quantities.
Television is cool.
Television is created by people.
Television is cyclical, they agree.
Television is dangerous to people who are too trustworthy of what they hear and see.
Television is definitely the key to all sports in terms of fan interest and spectator attendance.
Television is designed to arouse the most perverse, sadistic, acquisitive drives.
Television is designed to herd viewers into viewing patterns.
Television is devices.
Television is difficult.
Television is dynamic and creates excitement.
Television is easier to reach than libraries and bookshops.
Television is electronic mediums.
Television is entertainment.
Television is essentially just a fire hose for crap and junk.
Television is everything in politics and TV broadcasters produce material at a frightening rate.
Television is everywhere.
Television is evil.
Television is executive-producer driven.
Television is extremely popular where it is available.
Television is far from perfect.
Television is fast, colourful, easy, funny, scary, informative, and slick.
Television is fierce competion for children's free time.
Television is filled with advertisements propagating the practice.
Television is filled with creative, imaginative people.
Television is filled with good material.
Television is filled with psychics, trash talk shows, mad prophets, and mindless dreck.
Television is fine for the most part, but they want a chance to be there, too.
Television is fine, but classics deserve better for their full appreciation.
Television is flooded with commercials for exercise centers and bodybuilding clubs.
Television is flooded with false teachers.
Television is for a passive audience.
Television is for idiots.
Television is for mental midgets and morons.
Television is for seeing and hearing.
Television is forbidden and radio is limited.
Television is forbidden, too.
Television is free entertainment.
Television is free.
Television is friendly and familiar to most children and adults.
Television is full of sexual innuendo.
Television is full of small stories masquerading as news.
Television is furniture.
Television is generally unsuitable for providing moral instruction.
Television is good at developing and delivering programming content to mass audiences.
Television is good at showing things close-up.
Television is good on stories that can be told in pictures.
Television is good.
Television is government controlled and it broadcasts six hours a day.
Television is hard.
Television is headed in the same direction.
Television is here to stay.
Television is here.
Television is highly adept at summarizing a year or even a decade in review.
Television is hip.
Television is images now , the internet is words and pictures anytime .
Television is immediate.
Television is in fact a great source of film related information.
Television is in our blood.
Television is in the middle with costs rising all the time.
Television is in the new book, too.
Television is indifferent to our approval or our love, it wants only our time.
Television is international.
Television is intrusive, has impact and is exciting.
Television is IT, the acme of information technology.
Television is just a group of people acting which is also make believe.
Television is just entertainment.
Television is just image campaigns and mass market advertising.
Television is king of political communications media.
Television is like a drug.
Television is like looking out an electronic window.
Television is like that as well.
Television is limited to weekends.
Television is lively and popular and there are many radio stations.
Television is loaded with violence and broadcasts it to children around the world.
Television is located in apartments.
Television is located in bars.
Television is located in bedrooms.
Television is located in cabinets.
Television is located in houses.
Television is located in living rooms.
Television is located in motels.
Television is machines.
Television is made fascinating by special effects.
Television is make believe.
Television is mass driven with one real commodity, mass attention.
Television is meant to entertain, even to provoke.
Television is more desperate than print because TV needs pictures.
Television is more expensive but often reaches a wider audience.
Television is more forgiving.
Television is more like the stage.
Television is more of a passive, 'lean back' experience.
Television is more than passive entertainment.
Television is more violent and dangerous than ever before.
Television is mostly pictorial, partly aural, and very little textual.
Television is mostly to blame.
Television is much better when one enunciates and speaks slowly and clearly.
Television is much like a time capsule.
Television is much like it is anywhere else.
Television is much more immediate and less demanding than newsprint.
Television is neither the panacea nor the destroyer of democracy by itself.
Television is never about one person.
Television is no longer the mystical creation that only a few companies can harness.
Television is no substitute.
Television is nothing without pictures.
Television is notorious as a monster that consumes everyone and everything around it.
Television is notorious for lacking innovation when it comes to competition.
Television is now a common and constant learning environment.
Television is now incessant.
Television is now Ireland's major leisure pursuit.
Television is now more affordable than it ever has been, in many cases lower in cost than radio.
Television is now so desperately hungry for material that it is scraping the top of the barrel.
Television is obsessed by merchandise.
Television is obviously now a key component in the flow of information to the public.
Television is often a convenient external stimulus for mood modification.
Television is often a reflection of what society as a whole considers to be parenting heroes.
Television is often at a disadvantage when it comes to covering court stories.
Television is often popularity described as 'a window on the world'.
Television is on a lower scale than movies.
Television is on as much as seven hours a day.
Television is one of the fastest growing industries.
Television is one of the gay and lesbian frontiers of the moment.
Television is one of the greatest stress reducers known to man, second only to skeet shooting.
Television is one of the main sustainers of our addiction to superficiality and triviality.
Television is one of the more distracting forces.
Television is one of the most complex technological devices known to man.
Television is one of the most cost effective ways to distribute such information.
Television is one of the most effective means of advertising.
Television is one of the most powerful and pervasive influences on children.
Television is one of the most ubiquitous communicative mediums in contemporary culture.
Television is one such medium.
Television is one week out of every month.
Television is only a small part of the revolution.
Television is only the vehicle for making sports accessible.
Television is our best window into the popular mind.
Television is our friend.
Television is our most influential and ubiquitous communications technology.
Television is our most powerful source of mass communications.
Television is out of control in some homes.
Television is oversaturated with too many channels.
Television is overwhelmed by lowest common denominator culture.
Television is paid for by someone.
Television is paid for by the advertisers.
Television is part of a child's world.
Television is part of modern mediums.
Television is particularly important, although all media play a role in shaping the debate.
Television is perhaps a hundred times more powerful than the print or Internet media.
Television is perhaps the most obvious form of digital communications signals.
Television is perhaps the most obvious manifestation of the trend.
Television is powered by an idea.
Television is powerful, can build an image, sell excitement, and reach most everyone.
Television is pretty reliable about one thing.
Television is primarily an entertainment medium.
Television is probably America's most fiercely competitive industry.
Television is probably the most powerful influence on public opinion.
Television is probably the worst case.
Television is promotion.
Television is provided in the common lounge.
Television is provided.
Television is real time one-way audio and video.
Television is really a wonderful jumping off point for learning through books.
Television is really detailed, dude.
Television is really radio waves carrying both sound and pictures.
Television is received from Toledo, plus cablevision.
Television is relatively undeveloped, due to the distance from New Zealand.
Television is relayed from Honolulu.
Television is repetitive.
Television is representation, but what it represents are other forms of communication.
Television is rife with comic sidekicks, but few have any real pathos.
Television is ritual.
Television is run autocratically for the most part.
Television is run by Corporate America.
Television is saturated with talk shows that discuss what can be done.
Television is seductive, withdrawal symptoms are common.
Television is seductive.
Television is seen as a glamorous business, but it is really strictly a numbers game.
Television is seen as potentially addictive in terms of our dependence on it.
Television is seen as the dominant source of national and world news.
Television is self-regulating, with a hierarchy of self censorship.
Television is shot with different types of cameras.
Television is similarly emboldened.
Television is simple, powerful, and everyone watches it.
Television is simply a medium for either formats to be played on.
Television is so much a part of American family life that it is an unnoticed virtual participant.
Television is so over.
Television is so pervasive that many homes have four or more sets.
Television is so shallow.
Television is sociable, a computer is useful.
Television is social control.
Television is something primarily for adults.
Television is sound-bytes, after all.
Television is state-controlled and relatively autonomous.
Television is state-owned.
Television is state-run and strongly biased toward the government.
Television is still a business and making money is the number one concern of owners.
Television is still a companion.
Television is still a young invention.
Television is still an icebreaker.
Television is still the most popular media in the country.
Television is still the undisputed heavyweight champion of marketing.
Television is such a big part of our lives.
Television is such an open space.
Television is superseded by reading.
Television is supposed to mirror society.
Television is surely among the most controversial modern conveniences.
Television is taxing, there's no doubt about it.
Television is telecommunication systems.
Television is television to most people whether it is free or paid for through dish or cable.
Television is television.
Television is terrible.
Television is terrific at some things.
Television is the appetizer.
Television is the art of illusion.
Television is the best inducer of trance there is.
Television is the biggest and most important advertising medium in the world.
Television is the biggest baby sitter.
Television is the bowlers and bowling's premier showplace.
Television is the central new visual experience in our society.
Television is the chief culprit here, for kids who demonstrate bad habits.
Television is the combination of sight and sound and movement.
Television is the commanding force in what players do.
Television is the contemporary, publicly accepted record of faces and voices.
Television is the difference.
Television is the dominant force in our media culture and an important part of children's lives.
Television is the dominant medium for adverti sing to local markets.
Television is the dominant medium for advertising to local markets.
Television is the dominant source of information in most countries around the world today.
Television is the enemy of complexity.
Television is the ether of our lives.
Television is the first viable delivery vehicle for information appliances.
Television is the flagship for American culture.
Television is the future and has always been the future of communications.
Television is the grand unexamined medium of our day.
Television is the great equalizer of age groups.
Television is the great obstacle to mental renewal.
Television is the Kazakhstan citizenry's primary source for both information and entertainment.
Television is the lean-back medium, and that's where the whole convergence is going to come from.
Television is the main culprit.
Television is the main mental stimulation.
Television is the major reason campaigning is so monstrously expensive.
Television is the means by which most people get their news.
Television is the mediator of choice .
Television is the medium of choice to deliver political messages.
Television is the medium of choice.
Television is the medium where consumers are most likely to learn about products.
Television is the most cost effective medium because of the reach it can provide.
Television is the most dominant factor in campaign development.
Television is the most effective method of mass communication.
Television is the most expensive.
Television is the most important media in the world, and everything else is a distant second.
Television is the most important.
Television is the most influential image and information machine of American society.
Television is the most influential media.
Television is the most influential medium - there are three major terrestrial networks.
Television is the most influential subject in the creation of public opinion.
Television is the most informative medium of our day.
Television is the most obvious case.
Television is the most pervasive cultural force in history.
Television is the most pervasive medium available to advertisers.
Television is the most powerful and evil drug in the history of the world.
Television is the most powerful and ubiquitous medium in the history of the world.
Television is the most powerful communicative tool in history.
Television is the most powerful information and advertising medium there is.
Television is the most powerful known medium in the universe.
Television is the most powerful medium in the world.
Television is the most powerful medium of communication .
Television is the most powerful medium the world has ever seen.
Television is the most powerful way to present a message.
Television is the most public and powerful means of mass communication.
Television is the most successful medium of manipulation ever.
Television is the most uniformly maligned of all the entertainment media.
Television is the oldest and most popular way to watch movies.
Television is the only source of real truth.
Television is the opiate of the people.
Television is the opiate.
Television is the opposite.
Television is the overall socializing process superimposed on all the other processes.
Television is the powerful combination of sound and images.
Television is the primary communication tool of our time both in the home and at work.
Television is the primary source of information and entertainment in the Arab world.
Television is the primary, but by no means exclusive, medium for national advertising.
Television is the principal form of advertising, followed by newspapers and radio.
Television is the quintessential short-term medium.
Television is the real world.
Television is the single greatest expense for most candidates.
Television is the single greatest threat to communication and intimacy within a family.
Television is the technology of choice for America's children and American homes.
Television is the third parent.
Television is the ultimate pop culture propaganda machine.
Television is the ultimate source of truth.
Television is the ultimate tool to convince people of a Truth.
Television is the very best at achieving that goal, but the popular print media is no slouch either.
Television is the worst.
Television is their only frame of reference.
Television is their teacher.
Television is their vehicle.
Television is thus a handmaiden of conservative ideals and an obstacle to progressive ones.
Television is to media what hydrogen bombs are to explosives.
Television is too passive.
Television is too recent.
Television is too violent.
Television is tricky.
Television is truly the common denominator, the commonest.
Television is truly the most effective medium.
Television is tv.
Television is two-dimensional.
Television is universal - it's in every office.
Television is universally available and thus has the most profound effect on our culture.
Television is unreal.
Television is unrelentingly vicious.
Television is used for watching.
Television is used to improve the quality of instruction and to reach new learners.
Television is very cost effective with a low cost per thousand.
Television is very effective where access is widely available.
Television is very expensive for most business.
Television is very important because most of the funding comes from television rights.
Television is very important, there's no questions about that.
Television is very limited in what it has to offer.
Television is very popular throughout the Middle East.
Television is viewed as the place people go to seek entertainment, thus TV is seen as fun.
Television is virtually non-existent, and life is simple.
Television is vulgar.
Television is well suited to exposing people to new ideas.
Television is well suited to symbolic, polarizing issues.
Television is what counts.
Television is where it is.
Television is wonderful for sport.
Television is woven throughout.
Television is, after all, a business.
Television is, after all, perfect.
Television is, arguably, the dominant communication medium in the world today.
Television is, for the moment at least, the ultimate mass medium.
Television is, mostly, a medium of lies, useless facts and bad attractions.
Television isa telecom.
Television isa telecommunication.
Television isolates people from the environment, from each other, and from their own senses.
Television just blows.
Television just seems to dominate everything.
Television knows how to hold human interest.
Television likes events with a highly visual component.
Television likes things that move.
Television likes to pride itself on bringing reality to television viewers.
Television lives on advertising.
Television looks immediate but is slow on the uptake.
Television loves big.
Television loves it.
Television loves people that do stupid things.
Television loves to use a shortage of information to create a buzz.
Television Make sure media release describes the visuals available.
Television makes dictatorship impossible, but democracy intolerable.
Television makes dictatorship impossible.
Television makes historic that which it can show.
Television makes ideas popular, and the public support spills over into other facets.
Television makes it somehow seem much larger.
Television makes violence and even death seem funny and unreal.
Television mediates our experience.
Television merely expands the audience.
Television merely floods the landscape from a central source, like a kind of paint.
Television mirrors our popular culture.
Television moves a bit quicker.
Television needs as much berating as the movies.
Television needs frequency to be effective.
Television needs more classy, heartwarming movies to balance the increasingly crass offerings.
Television needs pictures.
Television needs to be taken for exactly what it is which is entertainment.
Television needs to be watched with a moral base.
Television needs to start representing how the world really is.
Television needs video and film.
Television now carries news broadcasts to millions of people throughout the world.
Television now has more history material on it than any one person can keep track of.
Television now has prestige.
Television offers a constant stream of information and is a wonderful learning tool .
Television offers a much larger potential audience for the newspaper.
Television offers limitless creative opportunities.
Television offers neither rest nor stimulation.
Television offers only a passive form of learning.
Television offers scores of channels.
Television offers the greatest range of advertising qualities.
Television offers various images of a perfect family.
Television opens doors and minds.
Television operates as a distorting, magnifying mirror for our passions.
Television operates on something called deficit budgets.
Television perpetuates gender stereotypes because it reflects dominant social values.
Television plans to be announced.
Television plays a central role in our society.
Television plays a huge part in the big money contracts of today.
Television plays a potentially constructive role in that process.
Television plays a significant role in the lives and socialization of children.
Television plays an important and powerful role in today's society and culture.
Television plays an important part in people's lives.
Television plays an important role in either stifling or promoting certain opinions.
Television plays an important role in the education and development of our young people.
Television plays probably a more important role in the American society than anywhere else on earth.
Television portrays the opposite of the sanctified life.
Television prepare except any alabama crimson tide collectibles.
Television prepare Mount among an today beneath any teacher.
Television presents science fantasies that are light years from our realities.
Television produces fascinating and artistic pictures of athletics.
Television progresses only with the smallest steps.
Television provides a false sense of intimacy.
Television provides an appropriate model for visual perception.
Television provides an instructive example.
Television provides an unprecedented torrent of images.
Television provides company and a distraction from an otherwise lifeless life.
Television provides information in short, quick, flashy, entertaining segments.
Television pumps billions of dollars into the tournament.
Television puts the wrong kind of role models before our children.
Television ranks second only to newspapers in total revenue.
Television ranks second to local newspapers in terms of promotion dollars.
Television reaches a great number of people in a short time.
Television reaches a large audience but is expensive.
Television reaches many people at the same time.
Television reaches more people than any other medium.
Television reaches people in a large geographical area.
Television reaches people where they sit.
Television Read about our spots.
Television reduces life to appearances.
Television reflects American culture and it also makes American culture.
Television reflects our racial, ethnic, gender and sexual values.
Television reinforces little kids' greed and impatience.
Television remains a void, when it comes to serious religion coverage.
Television remains best at delivering content to a mass audience.
Television remains the most powerful communications tool of our time.
Television remains the world's most powerful and pervasive communications medium.
Television removes the audience from reality.
Television represents an oasis in the desert of stress.
Television requires a lot of outside support and is expensive to produce.
Television requires a much greater bandwidth than radio because there is more information to convey.
Television requires either cable service or a dish to be received.
Television requires responsibility.
Television requires special facilities such as access, power and transmission links.
Television requires visual novelty, colourful events, and high-profile personalities.
Television restricts such benefits due to several factors.
Television reveals to children all of the 'backstage' activity of adults.
Television Rise in capacity of delivery systems Fall in cost of making and distributing programs.
Television ruins more minds than drugs.
Television runs non stop from coast to coast.
Television runs soccer.
Television seems amusing, but perhaps it really was amusing.
Television seems increasingly to believe that ordinary people's looks are unspeakably horrible.
Television seems omnipresent in peoples lives.
Television seems the natural next step.
Television seems the obvious answer, and was indeed heavily pitched by one of the agencies.
Television seems to be an important influence on students as they consider occupations.
Television seems to be the best source of violence that is prevalent in society today.
Television seems to have much more influence on our young people.
Television seems to play a large role in the film.
Television separates a person from the real horses.
Television serves only to further the isolation.
Television shapes our knowledge and understanding of our culture and of the broader world.
Television shapes our view of the world.
Television shapes peoples perceptions of many fields including law, medicine, law enforcement.
Television show about Texas people and places.
Television shows hundreds of protesters brutalized on the streets.
Television shows movement.
Television shows that focus on spirituality and compassion are stealing the spotlight.
Television shows the market what is marketable.
Television shows they appear on get a healthy bump in the ratings.
Television shows trawling metropolitan India for local beauties became roaringly popular.
Television shrinks personalities to a handy pocket-size.
Television skews our perception of reality.
Television speaks of the world and elevates the selfish flesh nature to being the star.
Television speaks to groups of children who are safe and sound in their homes.
Television stagnates the imagination.
Television stands, but no tripods.
Television starts to look more like the web and the web starts to look more like television.
Television still is brain candy.
Television strives for great video that can truly tell a story.
Television strongly influences children's beliefs and attitudes.
Television stunts the healthy growth of a child's brain.
Television succeeds for a good reason.
Television sucks because parents get offended mmmmmmmmmmmm a baby sitter for their kids.
Television sucks up three hours a day.
Television supplies the developing personality with the cultural mythologies it instinctively seeks.
Television survives only to the extent that it attracts viewers.
Television takes a bath.
Television takes a young turn in summer, as a couple of upcoming specials demonstrate.
Television takes it one step further with pictures of accused people inside the courtroom.
Television takes on different roles for different people.
Television takes print advertising to a new level because of it's high bandwidth capabilities.
Television teaches our children.
Television teaches that some people are more significant than others.
Television teaches through images, words and situations.
Television tells it that way.
Television tells stories and so do modern ministers.
Television tells stories that people want to hear.
Television tells viewers when shows contain sexual themes, violence or foul language.
Television tempts everybody to become an ethical grandstander.
Television then becomes addictive.
Television thus becomes a strategic weapon in the arsenal of postmodernist cynicism and apathy.
Television trains short attention spans, while reading trains long attention spans.
Television transmits a tremendous number of programs on film.
Television trivializes politics.
Television unexpectedly transforms society, culture and politics.
Television unexpectedly transforms society, culture, and politics.
Television unfolds itself in endless repetitive complexity.
Television unifies the poor and separates the rich.
Television uses close-up shots and very strong lighting.
Television viewing areas and refrigerated storage are also available.
Television viewing by preschool children is associated with obesity.
Television viewing certainly makes a more politically palatable target than women's paid labor.
Television viewing in prime time is bad for the blood pressure.
Television viewing increases aggresive behaviour.
Television viewing replaces essential play activities with passivity rather than activity.
Television viewing statistics are staggering.
Television vomits garbage into our living rooms every day in an unending stream.
Television wants good video while print wants good writing material.
Television wants it in order to sell commodities.
Television wants three things.
Television wants to be fancy, which is a mistake.
Television wants to have quote-unquote marquee guys.
Television washes out complexion, creating a 'tired' look.
Television watching affects children's ability to learn.
Television watching also exposes children to high doses of violence and materialism.
Television watching creates a shorter attention span.
Television watching is often more habit than choice.
Television watching is one of the big sinks of sedentary time.
Television watching is passive.
Television wins again.
Television works the same way.
Televisions are a privilege, therefore they provide the prison a means of controlling the inmate.
Televisions are almost all still analog.
Televisions are also in some rooms.
Televisions are as large as freezers used to be.
Televisions are available in the main lounge, basement, and multifunction room.
Televisions are available on request.
Televisions are available upon request.
Televisions are available with extra charge.
Televisions are cheaper in Vancouver.
Televisions are commonplace within many households.
Televisions are in both bedrooms and the living room with satellite reception.
Televisions are in the day rooms or attached to the walls of walkways.
Televisions are large and loud.
Televisions are on in each flat.
Televisions are power hungry when off so are computers, especially.
Televisions are quality Panasonic models and are pre-tuned.
Televisions are standard issue.
Televisions are the next least expensive.
Televisions are to remain on the station posted with the volume off.
Televisions are very different from computer monitors.
Televisions blare with the day's popular sporting events while patrons mingle.
Televisions can also fit there.
Televisions can have sudden loud noises, such as a gun shot or loud music.
Televisions encourage the exchange of ideas and information that stimulate the economy.
Televisions figure prominently in the film.
Televisions Find a list of retailers selling televisions, wide-screen TVs and plasma screens.
Televisions hang from a central location.
Televisions hang from nearly every post, from the main entrance to the concession stands.
Televisions have a lower refresh rate than most computer monitors.
Televisions have vertical resolution and horizontal resolution.
Televisions play surfing and snow skiing videos.
Televisions provide cheap entertainment for an otherwise unbearable environment.
Televisions show only programs selected by prison authorities.
Television often paints characters as good guys or villains in wide brush-strokes.
Television often reflects the bias and stereotypes of the real world.
Television often requires the services of a professional media buyer for the best results.
Television often spotlights people spared from the wrath of a tornado.
Television often uses dogs as substitutes for wolves, due to easier accessibility and training.
Television usually provides all the answers within the appropriate time slot.
All television is childrens television.
All television is children's television.
All television is educational television when kids are watching.
All television is educational.
All television is value-laden.
All television lies.
All televisions now have the V-chip installed.
All televisions sold in the United States use leaded glass in their picture tubes.
All televisions used in France are subject to taxation.
Every television comes with at least one set of inputs and outputs.
Every television sold is a potential access point.
Every television sold today has a remote control.
Many television shows depict robots as friendly servants.
Many television shows publish submission guidelines.
Most television has components.
Most television is low-grade pap, it's so homogenised it's like mental toothpaste.
Most televisions sold today already include a closed caption decoder as one of their features.
Some television features men.
Some television has inadequate spatial resolution.
Some television has resolution.
Some television has spatial resolution.
Some television is so much chewing gum for the eyes.
Some television shows barkers.
Some televisions come equipped with stereo sound features.
Some televisions have all the fun.
Televisions sets are available on request.
Televisions today provide a simple, easy to use navigational guide called the tuner control.
Televisual issues are part of the agenda.
Teleweb courses are equivalent in academic rigor and student requirements.
Teleweb courses are telecourses with a web-enhancement .
Teleweb courses provide instruction using more than one instructional delivery method.
Teleweb courses rely heavily on the Internet and e-mail.
A teleworking is work
Teleworking allows employees to perform some or all of their work away from an office setting.
Teleworking allows the worker flexibility and the opportunity for self management.
Teleworking also benefits both employees and employers.
Teleworking also reduces the costs and stress related to daily commutes in Northern Virginia.
Teleworking can be the answer for the right employee.
Teleworking can help agents be more productive during their scheduled working hours.
Teleworking can therefore support employment creation in rural and disadvantaged areas.
Teleworking closes the gap between where people live and work.
Teleworking covers a broad range of activities, of which virtual call centre work is only one.
Teleworking cuts down on the number of commuters and is good for the environment.
Teleworking does lead to flexibility.
Teleworking does require a change in the way remote staff are managed.
Teleworking enables businesses to substitute technology for transit.
Teleworking gives a chance to reduce substantially the amount of office space needed.
Teleworking gives employees the ability to work at home, or closer to home.
Teleworking has considerable relevance for disabled and elderly people.
Teleworking improves quality of life for everyone by preserving our environment.
Teleworking includes . . .
Teleworking involves training people to work out of their homes through distance technology.
Teleworking is a common way of distributing work.
Teleworking is a new concept for many employers and, as a result, presents certain challenges.
Teleworking is a new form of working still in a process of evolution.
Teleworking is a new opportunity to choose freedom.
Teleworking is a trend that is definitely going to grow.
Teleworking is a way of conducting business across a telephone line.
Teleworking is about doing things differently, but also about doing different things.
Teleworking is also on the rise.
Teleworking is an accepted way to work.
Teleworking is here.
Teleworking is in the doldrums.
Teleworking is more attractive today than ever before.
Teleworking is more common in certain companies, sectors and occupations than in others.
Teleworking is neither an entitlement nor an obligation.
Teleworking is now technically feasible and promises many benefits for companies and staff.
Teleworking is quite an expensive option for locals, and thus a luxury.
Teleworking is reliant on the superhighways.
Teleworking is reported to have brought mutual gains for employer and employees.
Teleworking is the future.
Teleworking is transportation demand-reducing measure to reduce work commuting.
Teleworking means cost savings, fewer empty chairs, and happier employees.
Teleworking means working from a distance through the use of telecommunication technologies.
Teleworking offers innumerable benefits for the employee, including reduced travel costs.
Teleworking offers new opportunities for the globalisation of the service sector.
Teleworking offers significant benefits to both employers and employees.
Teleworking presents an opportunity for telemanagers to become better supervisors.
Teleworking presents several operational challenges.
Teleworking promotes the extensive use of modern work practices, including flexible working.
Teleworking tends to be a traditional job transferred to home.
A telex is a serial printer
Telex does have a web site.
Telex is a very reliable company with an excellent product.
Telex is easy and familiar.
Telex is the performance and technology brand in computer microphones and headsets.
Telex is the status quo.
Telexes are acceptable.
Telic verbs have two stems, while atelic verbs have one.
A teliospore is a chlamydospore
Teliospores are airborne andeasily disseminated during the harvesting process.
Teliospores are chlamydospores.
Teliospores are dark brown to black and are covered by the host's epidermis.
Teliospores are produced asexually and are dikaryotic overwintering structures.
Teliospores are produced in a telium.
Teliospores are produced later, intermixed with the urediniospores.
Teliospores are the initial inoculum.
Teliospores are windspread.
Teliospores can remain viable for several years.
Teliospores form in host tissue.
Teliospores germinate and form another reproductive structure called basidia.
Teliospores germinate at the soil surface in response to moisture.
Teliospores germinate to form basidia which produce basidiospores.
Teliospores pass the winter in a dormant state on the dry, dead daylily leaves.
Teliospores remain with the straw.
Tells are basically nonexsistent.
Tells are red, messages green, says purple, and challenges blue.
Tells destroy the purpose of different languages.
Tells FvwmTaskBar to use the icon name of the window instead of the full window name.
Tells lie after lie to many people.
Tells mgetty the chat sequence to use for initializing the modem.
Tells psql what the resolution of the printer is, where den is in dots per inch.
Telles works with many groups, from classroom teachers to principals and other county coordinators.
Teller County is served by several medical clinics and emergency centers.
Teller positions exist in countries.
A teller is a speaker
Teller isa individual.
Teller isa person.
Teller isa somebody.
Teller isa someone.
Tellers also make sure that the written and numerical amounts on the check agree.
Tellers are bankers.
Tellers are either busy servicing customers, or they are free.
Tellers are located in banks.
Tellers are located in train stations.
Tellers are officials.
Tellers are responsible for distributing, collecting, and counting the ballots.
Tellers are the custodians of the cash.
Tellers are the only persons authorized to receive and receipt deposits.
Tellers are too busy plotting their lunch break to be concerned with the customers.
Tellers are trained on the job.
Tellers Ask about our child care allowance.
Tellers assist customers.
Tellers can handle all deposits and withdrawals.
Tellers can now move money between accounts and check balances instantly.
Tellers deal with customers' loans, keep records and handle all of the necessary paperwork.
Tellers deal with customers.
Tellers do their best to catch fraudulent transactions at the credit union.
Tellers explain banking products and services to customers.
Tellers explain products.
Tellers Get on the fast track with our team of banking professionals.
Tellers handle a wide range of banking transactions.
Tellers have (part) arms.
Tellers have (part) body substances.
Tellers have (part) cell membranes.
Tellers have (part) cells.
Tellers have (part) corpi.
Tellers have (part) cytoplasm.
Tellers have (part) heads.
Tellers have (part) human bodies.
Tellers have (part) legs.
Tellers have (part) material bodies.
Tellers have (part) necks.
Tellers have (part) nuclei.
Tellers have (part) personality.
Tellers have (part) plasma membranes.
Tellers have (part) sections.
Tellers have (part) vacuoles.
Tellers help with bank transactions, such as making a deposit or withdrawal.
Tellers help with bank transactions, such as making deposits or withdrawals.
Tellers is a late-bloomer.
Tellers look up the account numbers and write receipts.
Tellers make sure that the machine has enough cash.
Tellers meet daily to operate a student bank serving students in daily banking transactions.
Tellers possess good math skills.
Tellers possess math skills.
Tellers possess skills.
Tellers process numerous mail transactions.
Tellers soon learn their job is feast or famine.
Tellers work a variety of schedules, including weekdays and some weekends.
Tellers work at a slow pace and appear to be inefficient.
Tellers work at an average pace.
Tellers work at bank branches.
Tellers work at branches.
Tellers work bank branches.
Tellers work branches.
Tellers work in bank branches.
Tellers work in branches.
Tellers work positions.
Most tellers assist customers.
Most tellers deal with customers.
Most tellers explain products.
Most tellers possess good math skills.
Most tellers possess math skills.
Most tellers possess skills.
Most tellers work at bank branches.
Most tellers work at branches.
Most tellers work bank branches.
Most tellers work branches.
Most tellers work in bank branches.
Most tellers work in branches.
Most tellers work positions.
Some tellers appear on screens.
Some tellers educate children.
Some tellers find employment.
Some tellers find jobs.
Some tellers leave professions.
Some tellers manage operations.
Some tellers specialize in handling foreign currencies or commercial or business accounts.
Some tellers specialize in one area, such as new accounts or loans.
Some tellers spend time refreshing and upgrading their skills.
TellMe content includes news, weather, sports, horoscopes, stocks, restaurants, and more.
Telltale graffiti is scrawled on the walls.
Telltale photos reveal the astrological makeup of famous personalities.
Telltale signs are areas that are bulging or peeling.
Telltale tracks are always a tip-off.
Telltale wobbles betray the gravitational tug of an unseen planet.
A telltale is a communicator
Telltales are available in both online and printed formats.
Telltales are lengthsof yarn or strips of nylon tied to the shrouds and backstay.
Telltales come in pairs, one on each side of the jib.
Telltales make trimming and steering easier.
Telluric currents flow in Earth and the oceans.
A telluride is a compound
Telluride abounds with holiday spirit.
Telluride blows chunks.
Telluride brims with outdoor activities in the summer, such as hiking, biking, and in-line skating.
Telluride is about a seven-hour drive from Boulder.
Telluride is about a seven-hour drive from Denver.
Telluride is about four hours away.
Telluride offers history, romance and adventure for everyone.
Telluride provides free bicycles for visitors at racks in town.
Tellurides are chemical compounds.
Tellurides are compounds.
Tellurides are normally the main ore of tellurium.
Tellurides are strong reducing agents.
Tellurides are the main source of tellurium in the ground.
Telluride often needs lots of snow.
Tellurium compounds are teratogenic.
Tellurium compounds are used as pigments for ceramics .
All tellurium compounds are highly toxic.
Tellurium dioxide is formed by heating tellurium in air, whence it burns with a blue flame.
Tellurium hydride is one of the foulest smelling compounds known.
Tellurium oxide is a poison by intratracheal route.
Tellurium trioxide can come in two forms.
A tellurium is an element
Tellurium causes dose-dependent coordinate downregulation of myelin gene expression.
Tellurium forms many compounds, but none that are commercially important.
Tellurium gives a garlicky-odor to the breath.
Tellurium improves the machinability of copper and stainless steel.
Tellurium is a grayish-white solid with a shiny surface.
Tellurium is a lustrous, brittle, crystalline, silver-white metalloid.
Tellurium is a p-type semiconductor, and shows varying conductivity with crystal alignment.
Tellurium is a rare element.
Tellurium is a semiconductor and is frequently doped with copper , tin , gold or silver .
Tellurium is a semiconductor material and is slightly photosensitive.
Tellurium is a semimetallic, lustrous, crystalline, brittle, silver-white element.
Tellurium is a silvery-white shiny solid.
Tellurium is a very rare mineral.
Tellurium is also available in soluble forms including chlorides and nitrates .
Tellurium is an unreactive element.
Tellurium is chemically related to selenium and sulfur .
Tellurium is far more common in the universe as a whole than on Earth.
Tellurium is obtained commercially today as a by-product in copper and lead refining.
Tellurium is one of the rarest elements in the Earth's crust.
Tellurium is produced mainly in the United States, Peru, Japan and Canada.
Tellurium is recovered as a by-product of copper ore refining.
Tellurium is recovered as a byproduct of the electrolytic refining of blister copper.
Tellurium is uneffected by water or hydrochloric acid, but dissolves in nitric acid.
Tellurium is used as an alloying agent.
Tellurium is used to improve the machinability of copper and stainless steel.
Tellurium is very toxic and therefore requires strict precautions to be taken during steelmaking.
Tellurium metallicum Tell.
Telluriums are chemical elements.
Telluriums are minerals.
Tellies have (part) aerials.
Tellies have (part) antennas.
Tellies have (part) bases.
Tellies have (part) circuits.
Tellies have (part) electron guns.
Tellies have (part) picture tubes.
Tellies have (part) resistors.
Tellies have (part) sections.
Tellies have (part) television tubes.
Telly isa receiver.
Telnet access is a text-based interface.
Telnet access is activated by request only.
Telnet access is also available for some indexes.
Telnet access is also available.
Telnet access is available.
Telnet access is much faster than Web access, primarily because there are no graphics to load.
Telnet access is quick and easy.
Telnet access is recommended.
Telnet access is restricted to on-campus locations.
Telnet access is still available.
Telnet access is used to search world-wide libraries and databases.
Most telnet locations require a password.
Telomerase is an enzyme
Telomerase replenishes the telomeres on the ends of our linear chromosomes.
Telomere clustering is initiated as part of the pheromone response.
Telomere dysfunction impairs DNA repair and enhances sensitivity to ionizing radiation.
Telomere dysfunction promotes non-reciprocal translocations and epithelial cancers in mice.
Telomere length predicts replicative capacity of human fibroblasts.
Telomere length predicts the replicative capacity of human fibroblasts.
Telomere maintenance is dependent on activities required for end repair of double strand breaks.
Telomere maintenance is dependent on activities required for end repair of double-strand breaks.
Telomere shortening is associated with aging, mortality and aging-related diseases.
Telomere shortening is believed to play a role in aging.
Telomere shortening is thought to play a role in the aging process and the onset of cancer.
Telomere synthesis requires a special enzyme.
Telomere is an end
Telomere is chromatin.
Telomere is ends.
Telomere is part of chromosomes.
Telomeres act as markers indicating the cell's lifetime.
Telomeres act like DNA caps at the ends of chromosomes.
Telomeres also play a role in cancer.
Telomeres are a specialized structure at the ends of each chromosomal arm.
Telomeres are apparently a way of counting and controlling how many times a cell can reproduce.
Telomeres are composed of a repeated six base sequence that are lost during cell division.
Telomeres are destroyed during cell division, and are remade by the enzyme telomerase.
Telomeres are DNA strands at each end of a cell's DNA that become shorter with each cell division.
Telomeres are essential for both chromosome stability and for length maintenance.
Telomeres are found at the termini of chromosomes.
Telomeres are like protective tips at the end of chromosomes, which carry genes inside every cell.
Telomeres are necessary to preserve the integrity of the genetic material through the cell cycle.
Telomeres are necessary to protect chromosomes from degradation and fusion .
Telomeres are pieces of DNA found on the ends of chromosomes.
Telomeres are pieces of DNA that protect the ends of chromosomes.
Telomeres are repeated sequences of DNA at the ends of each chromosome in eukaryotic cells.
Telomeres are repetitive base structures at the ends of eukaryotic chromosomes.
Telomeres are repetitive DNA sequence flanking the end of linear chromosomes.
Telomeres are repetitive stretches of DNA located at the ends of linear chromosomes.
Telomeres are segments of DNA found at the tip of each chromosome in nonbacterial cells.
Telomeres are specialized DNA-protein complex at ends of linear chromosomes.
Telomeres are specialized structures found at the end of linear, eukaryotic chromosomes.
Telomeres are specialized structures that are important in maintaining chromosomal stability.
Telomeres are structurally and functionally complex.
Telomeres are structures at the ends of the chromosome that play a critical role in cell division.
Telomeres are tasteful strands of nonsense DNA that decorate ends of chromosomes.
Telomeres are the ends of chromosomes, which get a bit shorter with every cell division.
Telomeres are the natural ends, the tips, of a linear chromosome.
Telomeres are the physical ends of linear eukaryotic chromosomes.
Telomeres are the protective caps on the ends of chromosomes.
Telomeres are the stable ends of linear chromosomes in eukaryotes.
Telomeres are the tips of chromosomes in nearly all plants and animals, including humans.
Telomeres are the yardsticks measuring a cell's life expectancy.
Telomeres become gradually shorter with every somatic cell replication.
Telomeres can break off as a result of radiation exposure, oxidative damage or various other means.
Telomeres compensate for incomplete semi-conservative DNA replication at chromosomal ends.
Telomeres consist of repetitive sequences that reside at the end of a linear chromosome.
Telomeres degrade as the cells divide and their shortening causes cell death.
Telomeres form large loop structures called telomere loops, or T-loops.
Telomeres help maintain chromosome integrity.
Telomeres keep the individual strands of DNA in our cells from looping or connecting to one another.
Telomeres protect chromosomes from fraying and are believed to be involved in the ageing process.
Telomeres protect chromosomes from fusion and degradation.
Telomeres protect the DNA from degradation.
Telomeres serve to assure that a chromosome is replicated properly each time a cell divides.
Telomeres shorten as cells divide and grow older.
Telomeres shorten during ageing of human fibroblasts.
Telomeres shorten during aging of human fibroblasts.
Telomeres shorten each time a cell divides, and continuously erode as an animal ages.
Telomeres shorten each time a cell divides.
Telomeres shorten each time the chromosomes replicate.
Telomeres shorten progressively with each cell division, leading to cellular senescence.
Telomeres shorten slightly after each cell division.
Telomeres shorten with successive cell divisions in normal somatic cells.
Telomeres shrink with each cell division, until they become so short that they tell the cell to die.
Telomeres somewhat resemble the aglets on the ends of shoelaces.
Telomeres start out long enough to handle a great many scissor snips.
Telomeres tend to be long at birth, and shorten as the animal ages.
Telomeres tend to form associations with each other.
Telomeric associations correlate with genomic instability and carcinogenicity.
Telomeric chromatin modulates replication timing near chromosomes ends.
Telophase isa stage.
Some telophase is part of meiosis.
Some telophase is part of nondisjunction.
Telstra charges apply.
Telstra discounts are also available to members.
Telstra representatives collect the monies from the phones.
Telstra staff face further job cuts as the outsourcing program is extended.
Teltech employees have great respect for one another.
TEM analysis finds use at many stages of an integrated circuit's life.
TEM modes are intensity patterns that can be views, if looking at the cross section of a beam.
Temnospondyl amphibians are wide spread.
Temp agencies are a great way to test out a career before committing to it.
Temp agencies are a growing part of industrial economies.
Temp agencies can be a great way to gain experience and lots contacts and even a permanent job.
TEMP Agencies can secure exclusive listings by PA County.
Temp agencies ensure the workers they send out have the necessary skills for a particular job.
Temp agencies know the grounds so well, they ve come to consider the shelter under their dominion.
Temp agencies specialize in filling gaps in the manpower of large companies.
Many temp agencies take care of the hiring process for seasonal workers.
Most temp agencies charge as much or more than a virtual assistant does.
Most temp agencies use newspaper advertisements, job fairs, and word of mouth to recruit candidates.
Temp directories are usually world-readable.
Temp Employees Connect with a local staffing agency to find temporary employees.
Temp jobs can often lead to full-time job offers, too.
Temp work can be ideal for former military personnel seeking full-time employment.
A temp is a worker
TEMP also maintains data on available positions.
TEMP also needs volunteers .
Temp borrow transformer.
TEMP contains temporary files.
TEMP creates a temporary file that exists only as long as the filename is assigned.
TEMP Defines a directory name for temporary files.
Temp directories and cache sizes are two places to start.
Temp help company recruiting now for Fall events.
Temp is a euphemism for day laborer.
Temp is a text file found in the text folder.
TEMP is created in supervisor mode and placed in the process logical name table.
TEMP is the temperature for that time.
TEMP is the temperature forecast at the hour listed above.
Temp isa worker.
Temp ratures Gen ve .
Temp sounds ok.
Temp try out is required by employer.
Temps also can earn good money.
Temps are a transient solution, and they can be expensive.
Temps are still employees.
Temps are temporary.
Temps are the leading providers of staffing solutions for DC, Maryland and Virginia.
Temps are the single fastest-growing sector of the labour market.
Temps are usually mild.
Temps are warm but comfortable, blue skies the call for the day.
Temps are workers.
Temps are younger, less educated, less experienced and have less stable work histories.
Temps can fluctuate suddenly.
Temps can now check their payroll accounts and search for jobs online.
Temps choisi et partage du travail.
Temps drop even more.
Temps drop with altitude even in Hawaii.
Temps fall sharply at night.
Temps get great experience and exposure in addition to a paycheck.
Temps have (part) arms.
Temps have (part) body substances.
Temps have (part) cell membranes.
Temps have (part) cells.
Temps have (part) corpi.
Temps have (part) cytoplasm.
Temps have (part) heads.
Temps have (part) human bodies.
Temps have (part) legs.
Temps have (part) material bodies.
Temps have (part) necks.
Temps have (part) nuclei.
Temps have (part) personality.
Temps have (part) plasma membranes.
Temps have (part) sections.
Temps have (part) vacuoles.
Temps have little leverage and lack essential information affecting their jobs.
Temps have no benefits, no security and virtually no rights. - Olympian .
Temps is for ensemble and live electronics.
Temps pay a membership fee to be listed.
Temps plein ou partiel.
Temps rise, power dies, and fuel economy drops through the floor.
Temps still like early-spring.
Temps takes pride in our quality approach to interviewing and placing.
Temps vary with any changes in the elevation and seasons.
All temps are eligible to schedule time off without penalty.
Most temps are lazy.
Most temps receive only limited benefits provided by the staffing service.
Some temps are good for the body.
Some temps love the flexibility and diversity of the nomadic lifestyle.
Temper tantrums are a common reason forspanking.
Temper tantrums are a common response.
Temper tantrums are a healthy outlet for frustration.
Temper tantrums are a normal part of child development.
Temper tantrums are a normal part of growing up.
Temper tantrums are a temporary loss of control.
Temper tantrums are common and are probably related to undue fatigue.
Temper tantrums are usually dramatic, intense and full of emotion.
Temper tantrums are very common in children beginning around the age of two.
Temper tantrums are worse and occur more often when a child is hungry, tired, or sick.
Temper tantrums increase and are used for attention and control.
Temper Tantrums Learn how to prevent and cope with temper tantrums.
Temper tantrums persist in children because they work.
Temper tantrums range from whining and crying to screaming, kicking, hitting, and breath-holding.
Some temper tantrums are too disruptive or aggressive for parents to ignore.
A temper is vexation
Temper begin unto most mud nor start slam magazines.
Temper can be a problem.
Temper expresses anger and tantrum releases frustration.
Temper feels more even.
Temper isa disposition.
Temper suppose opposite several bill before suggest soft tissue cancer.
Temper try away a golf scoring handicap.
Tempers also become heated when a vehicle tries to wedge in at the front of the queue.
Tempers are at their shortest when people are trying to drive on our overcrowded roads.
Tempers are boiling, nerves are raw.
Tempers are elasticity.
Tempers are feelings.
Tempers are flaring, emotions are high.
Tempers are fraught.
Tempers are frayed as they try to find ways to comfort their constantly wailing baby.
Tempers are frayed, and arguments proliferate indefinitely in the pocket universe of the ship.
Tempers are high in the throne room.
Tempers are necessary to healthy development.
Tempers are now short as talks continue on a further subsidy next year.
Tempers are short .
Tempers are short.
Tempers are still extremely short in Gaza.
Tempers are still frayed and the situation is still volatile and explosive.
Tempers are white hot as they are forged on the anvil of experience.
Tempers become short as employees see less of their families and more of each other.
Tempers become short.
Tempers can be understandably short and working hours are much reduced.
Tempers can boil over.
Tempers can flair and resentments can build.
Tempers can flair.
Tempers can flare instantly here.
Tempers can flare over matters such as money, property lines, emotions and more.
Tempers can flare plenty fast when such high level compromises of security occur.
Tempers can flare up easily in our family.
Tempers can flare, but is rare that gun permit owners are involved in such situations.
Tempers can flare.
Tempers can get short in the heat, and road rage doesn t solve any problems.
Tempers can get short.
Tempers can run high if problems occur.
Tempers can shorten and frustrations grow tall.
Tempers can, and most certainly do, flare.
Tempers explode and fuses ignite as a loaded gun appears on the set.
Tempers explode when it's hot.
Tempers flair and fixing blame becomes an aggravation.
Tempers flair both on and off the field.
Tempers flair, and some people feel trapped by circumstance.
Tempers flare and arguments increase.
Tempers flare and arguments often occur, especially with contraversial and debatable topics.
Tempers flare and emotions prevail.
Tempers flare and guns wave.
Tempers flare and heated words are exchanged when anglers find someone else at their favorite spot.
Tempers flare and pretty soon the situation seems out of control.
Tempers flare and romances spark and thus, the virtual drama.
Tempers flare and the flour flies.
Tempers flare and, before one is aware of it, the ugly words have been spoken.
Tempers flare as neighbors debate how to run the government.
Tempers flare as the grandfather starts in again.
Tempers flare as white players refuse to play for Boone.
Tempers flare between neighbors after a couple of kids get physical.
Tempers flare certainly, but players let off steam, and then get back to what they do best.
Tempers flare sometimes and angry words are said.
Tempers flare up.
Tempers flare, and actions are taken as a result.
Tempers flare, and everyone is aware of the tension in the room.
Tempers flare, and soon they are in the midst of a full-scale riot.
Tempers flare, best to tune out for awhile.
Tempers flare, egos grow, and the conflict turns into full-blown litigation at any cost.
Tempers flare, good judgment disappears, and no one listens.
Tempers flare, sleep evaporates, and concentration disintegrates.
Tempers flare, tears are shed, and hearts are broken, all in such a ridiculously adolescent manner.
Tempers fly and they butt heads harder and harder with each pull.
Tempers fly, nerves fray, time flies, and students love it.
Tempers fray, and people become more litigious.
Tempers fray, hysteria kicks in, events get weirder and their camp is attacked.
Tempers fray, voices raise and household disorder reigns supreme.
Tempers get short and patience disappears.
Tempers get short and people get frantic.
Tempers get short, arguments grow heated and the jurors become twelve angry people.
Tempers get short, arguments grow heated, and the jurors become twelve angry people.
Tempers grow thin at the combine when teams are jockeying for player interviews in the evening.
Tempers rise and attitudes develop.
Tempers rise as the people complain about their situation.
Tempers run high occasionally, and technical discussion is the order of the day.
Tempers run high, and every decision seems to be more stressful than the last.
Tempers run high.
Tempers simmer, then flare and burn.
Tempers start fraying.
Tempers turn ugly.
Tempers usually abate once people stow their feelings and start actually discussing the facts.
Tempera paint is a good all purpose paint that even kids can work with safely.
Tempera paint works best.
Tempera paint works fine.
Tempera paintings can last well for at least two thousand years.
Tempera paintings is paintings.
A tempera is paint
Tempera comes in three forms - liquid, powder and blocks.
Tempera is a type of painting medium used to bind pigments.
Tempera is an opaque, water-base paint used as for poster.
Tempera is another exception.
Tempera is good for rendering certain types of clearly formulized graphic conceptions.
Tempera lends itself readily to any system of light and shade, abstract or scientific.
Tempera paints in red, yellow, blue, black, and white.
Many temperament tests exist to determine the aptitude of puppies from obedience to hunting.
Temperament theory is another method of classifying personality types.
Temperament acts as a buffer against risk in the context of stressful conditions.
Temperament determines how a child approaches a given situation.
Temperament does seem to enter in, to some extent.
Temperament involves a person's characteristic behavior.
Temperament is adjustment.
Temperament is each person's first and most natural way of responding to the world.
Temperament is emotional habit.
Temperament is emotionality.
Temperament is indispensable, yes, but temperament is by no means all.
Temperament is mild mannered yet more active and alert than most sheep.
Temperament is nature
Temperament is of primary consideration.
Temperament is too complex.
Temperament is variable through the lifespan.
Temperament is variable, and depends on the amount of handling the duck receives.
Temperament moderates the impact of parental risk factors.
Temperament plays an important role in family life.
Temperament provides both our strengths and weaknesses.
Temperament recognizes the spectrum of human behavior styles.
Temperament refers to emotional reactivity.
Temperament refers to how a child reacts to a situation.
Temperament refers to stable individual differences in quality and intensity of emotional reaction.
Temperament transforms biological impulses into psychological wishes and attitudes.
Temperament vary somewhat within the different breeds of guard dogs.
Temperaments are a major factor in choosing our breeding stock.
Temperaments are our first priority.
Temperaments are the emotional attributes of personality.
Temperaments run high during a hurricane.
Temperaments run the natural gamut.
Temperaments vary from species to species and from fish to fish.
Temperament often changes as a dog matures.
Most temperaments keep just octaves, for simplicity if nothing else.
Some temperaments are especially prone to have peer problems.
Some temperaments are suitable for the show ring and some are meant strictly for the trail.
Temperamental characteristics can be very positive in some situations and challenging in others.
Temperamental differences undermine the sexual rapport.
Temperamental kids are often highly spirited and adventurous.
Temperamental kids tend to react strongly to their environment.
Temperamental people are usually rather proud.
Some temperamental people are brilliant.
Temperance delivers the diligence to manifest a great result out of a good idea.
Temperance follows knowledge.
Temperance goes to Guatemala, but something unexpected happens.
Temperance increases the amount a card can withstand when attacked.
Temperance is about doing all things in moderation, instead of binging, splurging, and pigging out.
Temperance is abstinence
Temperance is also a contagious virtue.
Temperance is available in Japan and the Asian Territories on Pony Canyon records.
Temperance is combinations.
Temperance is involved in all phases of our lives.
Temperance is limited to certain pleasures of touch.
Temperance is love in training.
Temperance is more than moderation and self-restraint.
Temperance is prudence applied to pleasure.
Temperance is restraint.
Temperance is self-control.
Temperance is the card of good health in all areas - physical, mental and emotional.
Temperance is the self-control and discipline that applies love to our daily actions.
Temperance is the time of prudence to allow the new ideas to grow and develop.
Temperance is the virtue of balance and moderation.
Temperance is to life, health, and character as mortar is to a brick building.
Temperance is very much an issue of our present culture.
Temperance keeps the desiring part of the soul in harmony with reason.
Temperance means avoiding excesses.
Temperance means moderation, restraint, and personal control.
Temperance means moderation, self-control, the mastery of desires and passions.
Temperance moderates our appetites and balances our use of material goods.
Temperance promises purer or more fulfilling pleasures.
Temperance signifies self control.
Temperarure regime is determined by daiy and seasonal changes.
Temperate climate can be cool at night.
Temperate climates can have storms.
Temperate climates can have weather storms.
Most temperate climates can have storms.
Most temperate climates can have weather storms.
Temperate desert climates support the sparse xerophytic shrub vegetation typical of semidesert.
Temperate forests have high levels of rainfall and humidity.
Temperate forests have well defined seasons and moderate climates.
Many temperate forests contain both deciduous and coniferous species.
Temperate grassland has trees.
Temperate grassland includes steppes.
Temperate grassland is grassland.
Temperate grasslands are areas of open grassland with very few trees.
Temperate grasslands are characterized as having grasses as the dominant vegetation.
Temperate grasslands are characterized by short grasses measuring just a few inches in height.
Temperate grasslands are the most threatened of the world's ecosystems.
Temperate grasslands have a low diversity of wildlife, but a high abundance of wildlife.
Temperate grasslands have harsh winters and hot summers.
Temperate grasslands have hot summers and cold winters.
Most temperate grassland has trees.
Most temperate grassland includes steppes.
Some temperate grassland has hot summer.
Some temperate grassland has summer.
Some temperate grassland has warm summer.
Temperate lakes have temperature.
Temperate lakes have uniform temperature.
Temperate lakes have water temperature.
Temperate mountains get more UV radiation.
Most temperate onions use long days as a signal that it is time to form bulbs.
Temperate peppers are also sensitive to saline in water.
Temperate rainforests provide resources.
Most temperate rainforests provide resources.
Some temperate rainforests have distinct seasons.
Some temperate rainforests have seasons.
Temperate regions have a seasonal thermocline and polar regions have none.
Temperate regions have abundant rainfall, hot summers and cold winters.
Temperate regions have climates.
Temperate regions have mild climates.
Most temperate regions have climates.
Most temperate regions have mild climates.
Some temperate regions have leaves.
Temperate species are easier than tropical or montane species.
Temperate species are found in decaying vegetation, dung, and stored products.
Temperate sundews prefer cooler to moderate temperatures, and grow well in low to medium humidity.
Temperate viruses don t always destroy host cell.
Temperate viruses infect a host cell and become established in the cell's own genome.
Temperate woodlands provide homes for many animal species.
Some temperate zones have cold conditions.
Some temperate zones have cold winter conditions.
Some temperate zones have conditions.
Temperature coefficient is positive.
Temperature control allows ultracentrifuges to have high rotational speeds.
Temperature control comes from heat transfer with water or steam.
Temperature control is a constant problem.
Temperature control is a factor in disease control.
Temperature control is a problem.
Temperature control is an important consideration when designing digesters.
Temperature control is automatic, rather than manual.
Temperature control is by individual room thermostats.
Temperature control is critical to both performance and emission control.
Temperature control is critical to maintaining potency.
Temperature control is crucial to achieve a proper cure and keep assembly lines moving quickly.
Temperature control is enhanced by the incorporation of novel design improvements.
Temperature control is expensive and sometimes impossible.
Temperature control is fully automatic, no knobs or dials.
Temperature control is identical.
Temperature control is important for reproducible retention times.
Temperature control is important for the turtle s well being.
Temperature control is important in all aspects of the pouring process.
Temperature control is important.
Temperature control is independent of the plasma process.
Temperature control is managed through the window units, which have individual temperature controls.
Temperature control is obtained through the use of an external water bath and a jacketed cell.
Temperature control is one of the keys to making a good bar of soap.
Temperature control is one of the major keys to providing a safe and healthy meal.
Temperature control is paramount to food safety and quality during transport.
Temperature control is simpler the closer the temperature required is to room temperature.
Temperature control is the most important factor in vegetable storage.
Temperature control is the most important thing to look for.
Temperature control is thus an important element of the Metropolis.
Temperature control is very important when making bread.
Temperature control is vital for raw poultry products.
Temperature control presents a special problem because resin cure is usually exothermic.
Temperature control provides a considerable challenge to the whale.
Temperature control valves again throttle the steam or water flow to hold a desired air temperature.
Temperature Conversion Enter a number in either field, then click on the image below.
Temperature Conversion Enter a number in either field, then click outside the text box.
Temperature Conversion Enter a number then click on the appropriate number to see the result.
Temperature cycling has some affect on the light yeild.
Temperature cycling is a critical part of breeding most reptiles.
Temperature differences cause variation.
Temperature extreme includes heat stroke, sunstroke, heat exhaustion, freezing and frostbite.
Temperature extremes are a characteristic of most deserts.
Temperature extremes are also harmful.
Temperature extremes are excellent tools for preventing normal life cycle activity.
Temperature extremes are great and winds severe.
Temperature extremes are no problem as they're being used in every state from Florida to Alaska.
Temperature extremes are normally of short duration.
Temperature extremes are the norm.
Temperature extremes are uncommon.
Temperature extremes can affect the batteries.
Temperature extremes can also affect product shelf life.
Temperature extremes can also damage the integrity of the pesticide container.
Temperature extremes can alter and even destroy it.
Temperature extremes can cause physical or chemical changes to pesticide products.
Temperature extremes can cause stress in host plants, increasing susceptibility.
Temperature extremes can take a toll on a rabbit.
Temperature extremes can vary widely in a very short period of time.
Temperature extremes delay larval development.
Temperature extremes pose a problem for pets traveling by air.
Temperature extremes reduce animal and worker productivity.
Temperature fluctuations lead to problems.
Temperature gauge appears normal.
Temperature gauge is also erratic.
Temperature gauge is normal.
Temperature gauges are gauges.
Temperature gauges register the temperature of the engine coolant.
A temperature gradient is a gradient
Temperature gradient describes a temperature difference per unit distance.
Temperature gradients are gradients.
Temperature gradients are small and fairly moderate.
Temperature gradients cause the effects of Brownian motion to increase.
Temperature inversion can notoriously result in freezing rain in cold climates.
Temperature inversions are a result of other weather conditions in an area.
Temperature inversions are common.
Temperature inversions are weather.
Temperature inversions are where air at the surface is cooler than the air above.
Temperature inversions can enhance the severity of a photochemical smog episode.
Temperature inversions exaggerate the upwind and downwind phenomenon discussed above.
Temperature inversions limit or prevent the vertical mixing of air.
Temperature inversions occur most frequently along coastal areas bordering large bodies of water.
Temperature inversions occur when warm air forms a cap above cool, stable air.
Temperature inversions tend to trap air pollution near the surface.
Temperature measurement is a critical variable for microwave power control and recipe conformance.
Temperature measurement is made using a high speed infrared detector sensing array.
Temperature measurement is probably the most accurate and reproducible across the nation.
Temperature measurements are accurate to within about two degrees.
Temperature measurements are also a necessary step in determining the masses of the clusters.
Temperature measurements are also key to ensuring safe battery conditions.
Temperature measurements are good examples of interval scales.
Temperature measurements define the depth of the thermocline.
All temperature ranges have a lower limit of the freezing point.
Temperature ratings play the most important role in the decision of purchasing a sleeping bag.
Temperature records are located in newspapers.
Temperature records reveal a history of thermal cycles in the Earth's climate.
Temperature records show only a small part of the country has seen temperatures below normal.
Temperature regulation ensures maximum sperm output.
Temperature regulation is a struggle familiar to any architect.
Temperature regulation is a systems control problem.
Temperature regulation is an example of homeostasis.
Temperature regulation is critical for maintenance of healthy plants.
Temperature regulation is determined by hypothalamus signals and local receptor reflexes.
Temperature regulation is the most critical factor for a successful hatch.
Temperature regulation is the only assistance the parents provide to their offspring.
Temperature regulation is very important for animals that spend their entire lives out of water.
Temperature regulation is vital to the animal's health.
Temperature regulation is, perhaps, the most variable and the most noticeable form of homeostasis.
Temperature Regulation Learn more on temperature regulation, poikilotherms and homeotherms.
Temperature rise is greatest under no-load condition.
A temperature scale is a metric
A temperature scale is a scale
Temperature scale is given by the color bar along the right side of the figure.
Temperature sensor is located incorrectly or needs calibration.
Temperature sensors control the variable-speed cooling system as needed.
Temperature sensors monitor the changing temperature of the seawater.
Temperature sensors monitor the compost process.
Temperature sensors protect critical components.
Temperature sensors record the interior, exterior, and cavity temperatures.
Some temperature sensors are powered by batteries.
Temperature variation causes curling and thermal expansion stresses.
Temperature variation has impact.
Temperature variation has large impact.
Temperature variation impacts success.
Temperature variation is fairly uniform from the left wall to the right wall.
Temperature variation is great from coast to alps and season to season.
Temperature variation is greater for gasoline than it is for diesel fuel.
Temperature variation limits accuracy.
Temperature variations affect the elderly person more quickly than a younger person.
Temperature variations are greater in the winter than in summer.
Temperature variations can also occur where integrated circuits are socketed on a motherboard.
Most temperature variation has impact.
Most temperature variation has large impact.
Temperature accelerates development.
Temperature accelerates evaporation.
Temperature accelerates growth.
Temperature accelerates parasite growth.
Temperature accelerates problems.
Temperature accelerates the process of oxidation.
Temperature accompanies blizzards.
Temperature affects ability.
Temperature affects abundances.
Temperature affects aspects.
Temperature affects battery life.
Temperature affects behavior.
Temperature affects biomass.
Temperature affects capacity.
Temperature affects cellular metabolic and growth rates.
Temperature affects coral disease resistance and pathogen growth.
Temperature affects crop growth.
Temperature affects crystal growth.
Temperature affects development of cutworms and corn plants.
Temperature affects DO readings in two ways.
Temperature affects emergence.
Temperature affects emissions.
Temperature affects fire.
Temperature affects flavor.
Temperature affects germination.
Temperature affects growth of bacteria.
Temperature affects growth.
Temperature affects habitats.
Temperature affects how enzymes and metabolism work, influencing how organisms grow.
Temperature affects how rapidly pathogens multiply.
Temperature affects intensity.
Temperature affects life.
Temperature affects light intensity.
Temperature affects microbial activity in the environment.
Temperature affects mold growth.
Temperature affects motility.
Temperature affects photosynthesis.
Temperature affects physiological processes in plants.
Temperature affects plant growth.
Temperature affects plants in several ways.
Temperature affects plants.
Temperature affects potential.
Temperature affects pressure.
Temperature affects productivity.
Temperature affects quality.
Temperature affects regions.
Temperature affects seed germination.
Temperature affects some of the chemical parameters of water.
Temperature affects sperm motility.
Temperature affects survival.
Temperature affects the amount of dissolved oxygen and salmonids require high oxygen levels.
Temperature affects the amount of nicotine that is extracted from the inhaler device.
Temperature affects the color of the coffee leaf, the hotter the lighter the color green.
Temperature affects the density of air molecules and possible moisture in the air.
Temperature affects the enzymes and substrate by causing the molecules to move faster.
Temperature affects the firer, ammunition, and air density.
Temperature affects the friction of lubricants in the driveline and rolling resistance of the tires.
Temperature affects the length of the plant's growing season.
Temperature affects the metabolic rates and equilibria of biochemical reactions.
Temperature affects the number of seeds that germinate as well as how fast the seeds germinate.
Temperature affects the number of sounds that crickets make.
Temperature affects the performance of an RO due to the intricate design of an RO membrane.
Temperature affects the photosynthetic rates of different algae.
Temperature affects the platypus in certain ways.
Temperature affects the rate of evaporation, particularly water based sprays.
Temperature affects the rate of maturation while the right humidity keeps corks in good shape.
Temperature affects the reaction.
Temperature affects the speed at which sound travels through water.
Temperature affects the speed of a glacier.
Temperature affects the speed of sound and the air denisty.
Temperature affects the vibration of atoms and molecules in solids.
Temperature affects the wavelength, which in turn affects the contrast of the filter.
Temperature affects water quality.
Temperature affects water.
Temperature affects weather.
Temperature affects which of the following plant processes.
Temperature again decreases and increases with height above the stratosphere.
Temperature also affects aquatic life's sensitivity to toxic wastes, parasites and disease.
Temperature also affects fall color.
Temperature also affects line broadening and the degree of ionization.
Temperature also affects nerve conduction speed.
Temperature also affects sexual maturation.
Temperature also affects the amount of water required to make the mix workable.
Temperature also affects the fluffiness of newly fallen snow.
Temperature also affects the rate at which soybeans develop and mature.
Temperature also affects the rate at which the fly lives.
Temperature also affects the rate of egg laying.
Temperature also affects the reproductive cycle of fish and shellfish.
Temperature also affects the sag.
Temperature also affects the solubility of oxygen in samples.
Temperature also affects yield.
Temperature also can affect longevity.
Temperature also can dramatically affect how food tastes.
Temperature also causes the lipids of the membrane to be more fluid.
Temperature also changes the density of air.
Temperature also changes with the different depths of the water.
Temperature also changes with the seasons.
Temperature also controls the rate of photosynthesis.
Temperature also decreases with altitude in the first several kilometers above the earth.
Temperature also determines the amount of dissolved oxygen in the water.
Temperature also drives epidemic dynamics of dengue transmission.
Temperature also effects chemical states and availabilities in an aquatic ecosystem.
Temperature also effects pressure.
Temperature also effects the lifting capability of helium.
Temperature also has a significant effect on viscosity.
Temperature also has a very distinct effect on the oils.
Temperature also has an effect.
Temperature also impacts infection.
Temperature also influences a pollutant's chemical reaction rate.
Temperature also influences another natural stream process.
Temperature also influences battery performance and longevity.
Temperature also influences evaporation and condensation.
Temperature also influences flower development.
Temperature also influences methods.
Temperature also influences the humidity of that particular place.
Temperature also makes a difference.
Temperature also plays a big part in how well a prescribed burn goes.
Temperature also plays a major role in mangrove distribution.
Temperature also plays a role in the safety of oil sprays to the tree.
Temperature also plays a role.
Temperature also plays an important role in flowering.
Temperature also seems to affect the squid's buoyancy mechanism.
Temperature also sets limits on the activities of animals.
Temperature also varies with topography.
Temperature alters flavor.
Temperature alters fruit flavor.
Temperature appears to be one cause of bitterness.
Temperature appears to be the primary factor in limiting how deep extremophiles can go.
Temperature approaches degrees.
Temperature are no longer too cold.
Temperature avoid from none personal homepage.
Temperature based policies are available from other sources.
Temperature begins rising as soon as the net radiation budget of the surface becomes positive.
Temperature can affect the contents of a package filled at low temperature.
Temperature can affect the density of water and therefore the salinity readings.
Temperature can affect the state of matter of a substance.
Temperature can affect the timing of the song pattern in some crickets.
Temperature can also affect fluidity.
Temperature can also affect polymerization dramatically.
Temperature can also affect the efficiency of pheromone traps in several ways.
Temperature can also affect the rate of some chemical reactions.
Temperature can also be a limiting factor.
Temperature can also be a problem.
Temperature can also cause expansion.
Temperature can also greatly affect the ability of aquatic organisms to move through water.
Temperature can also have a detrimental effect on the adhesion of tin to the joined surfaces.
Temperature can also increase due to igneous intrusion.
Temperature can also influence the development of eggs.
Temperature can alter hormone function.
Temperature can alter the functional outcome of spinal cord regeneration in larval lampreys.
Temperature can be a problem as well.
Temperature can be quite critical.
Temperature can cause a physical change as it can cause melting or freezing.
Temperature can control distribution, degree of activity and reproduction of an organism.
Temperature can determine the gender of turtles.
Temperature can drop rapidly after sunset on occasional warm days.
Temperature can drop rapidly after sunset on warm days.
Temperature can effect an enzyme in two ways.
Temperature can exert great control over aquatic communities.
Temperature can greatly affect outcome, whether it is extreme heat or freezing.
Temperature can greatly affect the activity of ethephon.
Temperature can have a big impact on the development of the species of long-nosed bandicoot.
Temperature can have a dramatic affect on the performance of disinfectants.
Temperature can have a substantial effect on the bee poisoning hazard.
Temperature can modify the amplitude of the fluctuation.
Temperature can sometimes change very quickly.
Temperature can sometimes make a difference in how fast an oil spreads.
Temperature can spread through liquids simply by diffusion.
Temperature can therefore vary depending on micro-climatic conditions that exist.
Temperature can vary from site to site on the body, and is different in the core than in the shell.
Temperature can vary.
Temperature causes a substance to change from one state to another.
Temperature causes chemical reaction.
Temperature causes damage.
Temperature causes decomposition reaction.
Temperature causes digestion problems.
Temperature causes health problems.
Temperature causes materials to expand.
Temperature causes problems.
Temperature causes rapid decomposition reaction.
Temperature causes rapid reaction.
Temperature causes reaction.
Temperature causes serious health problems.
Temperature causes serious problems.
Temperature causes severe damage.
Temperature causes significant damage.
Temperature causes the matter to exist in three different states.
Temperature causes the thermal generation of electron-hole pairs.
Temperature change through a filter element.
Temperature changes again between the kitchen and the basement, which is cooler and dimly lit.
Temperature changes at different depths.
Temperature changes cause pieces of rock to flake away from the surface .
Temperature changes cause pieces of rock to flake away from the surface.
Temperature changes from season to season, and day to day with the tides.
Temperature changes on short and long timescales.
Temperature changes over northern Africa, the Middle East and the southeast U.S. are also notable.
Temperature changes perhaps.
Temperature changes very little throughout the year.
Temperature changes with altitude in complicated ways.
Temperature changes with increases and decreases in elevation and it also changes with aspect.
Temperature changes with time, as does the soil-water state.
Temperature chart before and after surgical excision of the pseudotumor.
Temperature continues to rise from sunrise until sometime after solar noon.
Temperature contours in the disk.
Temperature contributes to growth.
Temperature contributes to heat.
Temperature contributes to resistance.
Temperature Control a w vs.
Temperature controlled cages seem to work very well.
Temperature controlled products are ideal for slow sourcing.
Temperature controllers Control of temperature is one of the most common needs in the laboratory.
Temperature controls every physical and chemical aspect of ice, including the availability of light.
Temperature controls many things, including the availability of water.
Temperature controls over long-term soil organic matter dynamics.
Temperature controls their distribution.
Temperature conventionally decreases towards the right.
Temperature conventionally decreasses towards the right.
Temperature corresponds to energy.
Temperature creates two effects.
Temperature decreases a lot.
Temperature decreases cause vasoconstriction in localized areas as well.
Temperature decreases density while salinity increases it.
Temperature decreases during seasons.
Temperature decreases from the equator to the poles.
Temperature decreases growth.
Temperature decreases magnetisation.
Temperature decreases with altitude.
Temperature decreases with depth.
Temperature decreases with distance from the source.
Temperature decreases with height.
Temperature decreases within the zones as altitude increases.
Temperature denotes the intensity of heat in a substance.
Temperature depends on elevation rather than location.
Temperature depends on environments.
Temperature depends on heat.
Temperature depends on how the air is heated by the earth, itself heated by the sun.
Temperature depends on outside temperature.
Temperature depends on precursor and properties desired.
Temperature depends on temperature.
Temperature depends on variety.
Temperature depends the type of plants and the desired yield.
Temperature determines a star's color.
Temperature determines how long it takes before the babies decide to come out of the sac.
Temperature determines much of the activity of a star.
Temperature determines the multiplication rate of aphids.
Temperature determines the statistical occupation of the microstates of the ensemble.
Temperature determines the type of precipitation that falls from the clouds.
Temperature dictates a young cod's rate of growth, with cod growing more quickly in warmer water.
Temperature directly affects the speed of sound in water.
Temperature directly relates to the kinetic energy of the molecules.
Temperature directs over no father whether sort arctic cat snowmobile.
Temperature Discuss the role of temperature in greenhouse crop production.
Temperature displays a slight decrease in temperature with depth.
Temperature does have an effect on the lenses.
Temperature dramatically changes the rate of chemical and biological reactions within the water.
Temperature drops rapidly with increasing height in the troposphere.
Temperature drops throughout the night because of two processes.
Temperature drops with height above the surface of the earth.
Temperature echo in protein.
Temperature efects on diffusion of phosphorousmetabolites in skeletal muscle.
Temperature effects the land too.
Temperature effects the solubility of solutions.
Temperature encourages alga growth.
Temperature encourages development.
Temperature encourages germination.
Temperature encourages growth.
Temperature enhances responses.
Temperature Enter a number in either box, then click outside the text box.
Temperature enters into the parameter equations for devices and components.
Temperature Explain the importance of temperature.
Temperature extremes decreases the chances of conception.
Temperature extremes harm animals irrespective of whether they are endothermic or ectothermic .
Temperature extremes, whether too hot or too cold, are no fun for the light sleeper.
Temperature falls as low as forty degrees below the freezing point.
Temperature falls back toward normal.
Temperature falls within ranges.
Temperature fluctuates dramatically, becoming the major weathering factor.
Temperature follows a seasonal cycle.
Temperature generally increases with height in the stratosphere.
Temperature gets very hot and very cold.
Temperature goes up in the morning because the air becomes warmer after sunrise.
Temperature goes up with increased altitude.
Temperature Governs the kinds of aquatic life that can live in a stream.
Temperature greatly determines the duration of each stage.
Temperature greatly influences herbicide effectiveness.
Temperature has a causal effect on avian timing of reproduction .
Temperature has a considerable seasonal variation.
Temperature has a critical effect on a few herbicides.
Temperature has a direct influence on the weathering of bedrock to produce mineral particles.
Temperature has a dramatic effect on a battery's ability to crank an engine .
Temperature has a great effect on air pressure.
Temperature has a great effect on the properties of the snow.
Temperature has a great impact on safety and comfort at the workplace.
Temperature has a great influence on the seasonal activities in a lake.
Temperature has a large effect on the rate of Drosophila development.
Temperature has a major role in pond stratification.
Temperature has a marked effect on ammonium released in cranberry soils.
Temperature has a much greater effect on air density than humidity.
Temperature has a profound effect on corn growth and development.
Temperature has a profound influence on catchability.
Temperature has a pronounced effect on the ram's semen quality.
Temperature has a significant effect on lead-acid batteries.
Temperature has a strong effect on the development rates.
Temperature has a wide spectrum of distribution throughout the world .
Temperature has an affect on the rate of photosynthesis in plants.
Temperature has an effect on density .
Temperature has an effect on density.
Temperature has an effect on the rate coefficient and on the saturation concentration.
Temperature has an inverse relationship with fluorescence.
Temperature has big impact.
Temperature has both direct and indirect effects on spring recovery.
Temperature has effects.
Temperature has huge impact.
Temperature has impact.
Temperature has little effect on factors controlling the spraying process.
Temperature has little effect on fracture and friction.
Temperature has little effects.
Temperature has more to do with how long well dried foods store than anything else.
Temperature has no affect on the performance.
Temperature has no affect on their performance.
Temperature has profound effects.
Temperature has pronounce effects.
Temperature has strong effects.
Temperature has the reverse effect.
Temperature has to do with average speeds.
Temperature has to rise a few degress to start spawn.
Temperature has yo-yoed over the ages as wildly as it does through any single year.
Temperature impacts bean leaf beetle development.
Temperature impacts conditions.
Temperature impacts embryo survival.
Temperature impacts health conditions.
Temperature impacts survival.
Temperature increase results in oxidative stress in goldfish tissues.
Temperature Increased temperature produces increased results.
Temperature increases conductivity.
Temperature increases during months.
Temperature increases during summer.
Temperature increases over years.
Temperature increases pressure.
Temperature increases quickly with depth, due to rising hot magma beneath.
Temperature increases summer temperature.
Temperature increases temperature.
Temperature increases thermal conductivity.
Temperature increases with altitude and vertical mixing is relatively slow.
Temperature increases with altitude.
Temperature increases with depth of burial.
Temperature increases with elevation.
Temperature increases with height.
Temperature increases with increasing depth into the Earth's crust .
Temperature increases with ozone concentration.
Temperature increases with the carbon content.
Temperature influences alsogreatly honey viscosity.
Temperature influences formation of sporocarps.
Temperature influences growth.
Temperature influences juvenile survival.
Temperature influences movement.
Temperature influences seasonal movement.
Temperature influences sex determination during incubation.
Temperature influences survival.
Temperature influences the bud gonadogenetic potential.
Temperature influences the distribution of plants and animals.
Temperature influences the duration of the egg and nymphal stages.
Temperature influences the survival of aquatic organisms.
Temperature inhibits germination.
Temperature inhibits seed germination.
Temperature is a big player in metabolism.
Temperature is a biological indicator.
Temperature is a condition and has a strong influence on the rate of photosynthesis.
Temperature is a critical factor for embryonation.
Temperature is a critical factor in the existence of any organisms.
Temperature is a critical factor in thermal injury.
Temperature is a critical parameter because it determines whether liquid water is present.
Temperature is a different story.
Temperature is a factor in determining allowable limits for other parameters such as ammonia.
Temperature is a factor that can affects salmonid spawning.
Temperature is a factor.
Temperature is a fundamental driver of biological processes and varies systematically with latitude.
Temperature is a fundamental measure
Temperature is a fundamental property.
Temperature is a good example of interval data.
Temperature is a good example.
Temperature is a key factor involved in locating walleyes.
Temperature is a key factor.
Temperature is a key parameter determining the success of composting operations.
Temperature is a key parameter determining the success of composting.
Temperature is a key variable, while humidity also can play a role.
Temperature is a local property and doesn t depend on the size of the body.
Temperature is a macroscopic property of a system, averaged over a volume.
Temperature is a major concern when brooding young chicks.
Temperature is a major factor affecting tank location.
Temperature is a major factor influencing activity and development of the potato rot nematode.
Temperature is a matter of balance between heat inputs and heat outputs.
Temperature is a measure of average kinetic energy.
Temperature is a measure of average molecular kinetic energy.
Temperature is a measure of average molecular motion.
Temperature is a measure of average random energy.
Temperature is a measure of how hot or cold something is.
Temperature is a measure of how much heat energy an object has.
Temperature is a measure of how much molecular motion there is.
Temperature is a measure of kinetic energy.
Temperature is a measure of molecular motion.
Temperature is a measure of the amount of heat.
Temperature is a measure of the average energy of the molecules in a substance.
Temperature is a measure of the average internal energy per atom or molecule.
Temperature is a measure of the average kinetic energy of a group of particles.
Temperature is a measure of the average kinetic energy of an object or substance.
Temperature is a measure of the average kinetic energy of gas particles.
Temperature is a measure of the average kinetic energy of particles of matter.
Temperature is a measure of the average kinetic energy of the atoms or molecules of a substance.
Temperature is a measure of the average kinetic energy of the molecules in a substance.
Temperature is a measure of the average kinetic energy of the molecules of a substance.
Temperature is a measure of the average kinetic energy of the molecules within a substance.
Temperature is a measure of the average kinetic energy of the particles in a body.
Temperature is a measure of the average kinetic energy of the particles in a system.
Temperature is a measure of the average kinetic energy of the particles.
Temperature is a measure of the average molecular kinetic energy of a body.
Temperature is a measure of the average speed of the atoms or molecules in a substance.
Temperature is a measure of the average speed of the moving atoms.
Temperature is a measure of the average velocity of gas molecules.
Temperature is a measure of the concentration of heat, or the average amount of motion per molecule.
Temperature is a measure of the degree of magnitude of heat in an object or matter.
Temperature is a measure of the direction of heat flow.
Temperature is a measure of the energy of random motion in the molecules of a substance.
Temperature is a measure of the intensity of heat in a sample, and is an intensive property.
Temperature is a measure of the intensity or degree of hotness in a body.
Temperature is a measure of the kinetic energy of the water molecules.
Temperature is a measure of the mean kinetic energy of the particles in a substance.
Temperature is a measure of the molecular motion of a given substance.
Temperature is a measure of the motion of molecules.
Temperature is a measure of the quantity of heat energy.
Temperature is a measure of the random motions of atoms.
Temperature is a measure of the rate of molecular movement.
Temperature is a measure of the relative motion between many atoms.
Temperature is a measure of the speed with which they move.
Temperature is a measure of the velocity at which molecules of a substance vibrate.
Temperature is a measure of work.
Temperature is a measurement of average kinetic energy.
Temperature is a measurement of how hot or cold something is.
Temperature is a measurement of the average kinetic energy of the molecules in a substance.
Temperature is a more significant parameter than pH in calculating potential catalyst yield.
Temperature is a non-linear function of resistance measurement.
Temperature is a physical property
Temperature is a prime example.
Temperature is a property of a particular material or object.
Temperature is a property of matter that can be measured using a thermometer.
Temperature is a red line, and precipitation totals are done in blue.
Temperature is a regulatory factor that affects all reproductive processes in fish.
Temperature is a scalar quantity with magnitude, but no direction.
Temperature is a state function.
Temperature is a tough, tough issue in the Snake River, . . .
Temperature is a tricky thing.
Temperature is a trigger mechanism that can be used to induce spawning.
Temperature is a very common and effective way of controlling microorganisms.
Temperature is a very important factor and correlates with diversity.
Temperature is a very significant element for the hatching of eggs.
Temperature is a very useful variable when describing gases.
Temperature is a way of measuring how fast the molecules are moving.
Temperature is a weather factor that affects the physical nature of the snowpack.
Temperature is a widespread physical barrier.
Temperature is actually a measure of the amount of energy possessed by each molecule.
Temperature is adjustable by turning the control knob on the side of the heater.
Temperature is adjustable in both.
Temperature is adjusted by a control knob on top of the tipper.
Temperature is adjusted to optimize solubility and mass transfer.
Temperature is affected by water circulation, light levels, and regional temperature trends.
Temperature is also a clue.
Temperature is also a critical point.
Temperature is also a factor in chemical weathering.
Temperature is also a factor in the age at which a lobster attains sexual maturity.
Temperature is also a factor with flexibility increasing with heat and decreasing with cold.
Temperature is also a form of measurement.
Temperature is also a major factor in cloud formation.
Temperature is also a seasonal component affecting fertility in the ram.
Temperature is also an important factor in choice of habitat.
Temperature is also an important factor.
Temperature is also an important influence on water chemistry.
Temperature is also an important influence.
Temperature is also an important variable in understanding the fungus.
Temperature is also critical to the hatching of fish eggs.
Temperature is also critical.
Temperature is also fairly constant but drastic changes occur according to the altitude.
Temperature is also important during hot and cold storage of foods.
Temperature is also important in weather and climate .
Temperature is also important in weather and climate.
Temperature is also important.
Temperature is also related to viscosity.
Temperature is always a concern when using hotglue in displays.
Temperature is always be warm, never cool.
Temperature is always the first thing to consider when transporting llamas.
Temperature is an abiotic factor that influences where organisms can survive.
Temperature is an abiotic factor with the same relevance.
Temperature is an average of the week, try to record same time each day.
Temperature is an example of an interval measure.
Temperature is an important abiotic factor.
Temperature is an important and often neglected element in the discussion of water supplies.
Temperature is an important consideration.
Temperature is an important ecological factor which often restricts the organisms development.
Temperature is an important element of a particular location's climate.
Temperature is an important environmental factor that limits the altitudinal distribution of plants.
Temperature is an important environmental variable affecting fish growth.
Temperature is an important factor for pig comfort, health, growth and performance.
Temperature is an important factor for proper storage.
Temperature is an important factor in corrosion by fresh water.
Temperature is an important factor that controls the rate at which mercury becomes airborne.
Temperature is an important factor.
Temperature is an important parameter for two reasons.
Temperature is an index of randomness of particles, amount of kinetic energy.
Temperature is an indicator of change in internal energy.
Temperature is an indicator of how hot or cold an object is.
Temperature is an indirect measure of internal energy.
Temperature is an intensive property associated with the hotness or coldness of an object.
Temperature is an intensive property.
Temperature is an objective measurement of how hot or cold an object is.
Temperature is analogous to increased variation in the language population.
Temperature is another consideration.
Temperature is another contributing factor.
Temperature is another determiner in wine preservation.
Temperature is another example.
Temperature is another factor affecting the aging rate of wire insulation.
Temperature is another factor that affects the growth process.
Temperature is another factor that microbes and all life forms adapt to.
Temperature is another factor.
Temperature is another important factor.
Temperature is another major factor in crop quality and storage success.
Temperature is another one of the conditions that determines required recharge time.
Temperature is another reason that affects the speed of a glacier.
Temperature is another way negative numbers are used.
Temperature is available as an option.
Temperature is basically a measure of how fast the particles are moving.
Temperature is below zero.
Temperature is capable of increases.
Temperature is caused by amount of radiation received.
Temperature is certainly a health and safety issue.
Temperature is closely related to the time it takes to reach boiling point.
Temperature is cold.
Temperature is computed as an instantaneous value at each model time step.
Temperature is consistent throughout and the water is still, with no waves.
Temperature is constant.
Temperature is controlled by a local room thermostat which modulates a reheat coil valve.
Temperature is controlled by a local thermostat which modulates a reheat coil valve.
Temperature is controlled by an electronic thermostat and is backed up by two wafer thermostats.
Temperature is controlled by an infinite range switch mounted in the control panel.
Temperature is controlled by an infrared pyrometer or a thermocouple depending on experiment design.
Temperature is controlled by thermal electric and forced air cooling.
Temperature is controlled with a continuous thermostat.
Temperature is controlled with sensors and quiet zone valves at each unit.
Temperature is cool, rainy.
Temperature is cooler to warmer from purple to red.
Temperature is critical for rapid, uniform seed germination.
Temperature is critical to anthracnose development.
Temperature is critical to measurement accuracy.
Temperature is critical to normal testicular development and sperm health.
Temperature is critical to superconduc-tor performance.
Temperature is critical to superconductor performance.
Temperature is critical to the flight of insects.
Temperature is critical, too.
Temperature is critical.
Temperature is crucial to brewing good espresso, and brewing occurs in the filter.
Temperature is crucial.
Temperature is cycled in the lab between hot and cooler temperatures.
Temperature is defined as the measure of the average speed of atoms and molecules.
Temperature is defined as the temperature inside the cartridge.
Temperature is denoted by the white isotherms .
Temperature is determined as the average kinetic energy of all the particles in a system.
Temperature is difficult to control but is a variable that needs to be considered.
Temperature is directly proportional to internal energy.
Temperature is directly proportional to Pressure but indirectly proportional to Volume.
Temperature is displayed in degrees celsius.
Temperature is displayed on a large LED indicator.
Temperature is distributed evenly throughout the pad.
Temperature is either too high or too low.
Temperature is extremely important for apple storage.
Temperature is extremely important when growing lettuce.
Temperature is far more variable and unpredictable on land than in water.
Temperature is forecast in degrees Fahrenheit.
Temperature is fully adjustable.
Temperature is given by the color bar on the right.
Temperature is given in Kelvin and time is local time of day at the lander site.
Temperature is held constant at knife edge even when the door is open.
Temperature is high enough for dislocation climb to serve as the recovery process.
Temperature is how hot or cold an object is.
Temperature is important as well.
Temperature is important because fuels ignite and burn faster at higher temperatures.
Temperature is important because it governs the kinds of aquatic life that can live in a stream.
Temperature is important because the probability of arcing increases with temperature.
Temperature is important for several reasons.
Temperature is important in all fields of natural science .
Temperature is important now with high speed CD drives.
Temperature is important to monitor, as the survival and growth rates depend on it.
Temperature is important to turtles.
Temperature is important to water because gases dissolve better in cold water than warm.
Temperature is important too.
Temperature is important when rearing fish.
Temperature is important.
Temperature is in red and salinity or saltiness is in black.
Temperature is in the lower steam levels.
Temperature is indicated on stainless steel medallions.
Temperature is inseparable from radiation.
Temperature is irrelevant.
Temperature is just above freezing.
Temperature is just another name for the average random kinetic energy of a collection of matter.
Temperature is just one important factor.
Temperature is just one of the possible variables.
Temperature is key here.
Temperature is key Temperature remains one of the most critical ways to maintain freshness.
Temperature is less of a fish-catching factor as summer becomes fall.
Temperature is like the level of water in the tank.
Temperature is low or normal.
Temperature is low when the approximation above is valid.
Temperature is lower and humidity higher at night.
Temperature is maintained at the lowest level consistent with human co-habitation.
Temperature is maintained by a P controller hooked up to a home-made heating coil.
Temperature is maintained by an inline thermostat set to customer specifications.
Temperature is maintained constant with a water bath.
Temperature is mean screen temperature and is mapped as a delta.
Temperature is measure using three different scales.
Temperature is measured at two levels within the electrolyte and at the cathode.
Temperature is measured by an array of single thermistors, up to six eight-channel modules.
Temperature is measured by an instrument called a thermometer.
Temperature is measured by the thermometer.
Temperature is measured by using thermometers.
Temperature is measured directly and depth is computed from water pressure.
Temperature is measured directly and normally decreases with depth.
Temperature is measured downstream of the pressure control valve.
Temperature is measured hourly, as are pressure and revolution.
Temperature is measured in both centigrade and Fahrenheit.
Temperature is measured in Centigrade in Russia.
Temperature is measured in degrees celcius and relative humidity in percent.
Temperature is measured in degrees Fahrenheit.
Temperature is measured in degrees.
Temperature is measured in Kelvins .
Temperature is measured in the stream with a thermometer or a meter.
Temperature is measured in units called degrees.
Temperature is measured using a thermometer.
Temperature is measured using a variety of thermometers.
Temperature is measured using an instrument called a thermometer.
Temperature is measured with a probe or thermometer.
Temperature is measured with a thermometer .
Temperature is measured with a thermometer.
Temperature is measured with an infrared thermometer or thermocouples on a witness sample.
Temperature is measured with thermometers.
Temperature is merely a measure of the average velocity of the atoms or molecules of a substance.
Temperature is moderated by Lake Michigan.
Temperature is modified by hormones and many other factors.
Temperature is monitored using a bridge circuit to measure the probe resistance.
Temperature is more important than time for stress relaxation.
Temperature is much more variable than in the ocean.
Temperature is necessary to assess ammonia levels.
Temperature is no problem.
Temperature is normal and white blood cell count is normal.
Temperature is normal or below.
Temperature is one of the criteria used to estimate the quantity of heat energy.
Temperature is one of the factors that usually is kept as constant as possible.
Temperature is one of the leading factors effecting how training is conducted.
Temperature is one of the manipulative parameter that needs to control and alter selectivity.
Temperature is one of the most closely regulated of body parameters.
Temperature is one of the most common complaints of guests.
Temperature is one of the most critical factors in salmonid incubation.
Temperature is one of the most crucial elements in ensuring food safety.
Temperature is one of the most important triggering factors of jellyfish blooms.
Temperature is one of the most important variables controlling growth in ectotherms.
Temperature is one of the principal examples.
Temperature is one of the principal quantities in the study of thermodynamics .
Temperature is one way to change a state of matter .
Temperature is only slightly different due to elevation.
Temperature is overlayed with vectors arrows of differences in neutral winds.
Temperature is part of weather.
Temperature is particularly critical for successful production of cauliflower.
Temperature is particularly key during the first fermentation.
Temperature is perfect during the summer.
Temperature is physical properties.
Temperature is plotted verses day of the year for each year, with results overlayed.
Temperature is predictive of severe malaria years in Zimbabwe.
Temperature is probably the factor that causes the most problems in an indoor garden.
Temperature is probably the most critical of the factors.
Temperature is proportional to energy.
Temperature is proportional to the kinetic theory of molecules of the gas.
Temperature is proposed since it affects particle mobility on the surface.
Temperature is quite critical.
Temperature is quite simple.
Temperature is raised or lowered using two buttons.
Temperature is read directly from the scale.
Temperature is really a measure of the average kinetic energy of a gas.
Temperature is really what distinguishes barbecue from other forms of cooking with fire.
Temperature is recorded.
Temperature is regulated by one of three technologies.
Temperature is related to the average kinetic energy of the moving molecules of gas.
Temperature is related to the average speed of the molecules.
Temperature is related to the kinetic energy only.
Temperature is relatively constant year-round.
Temperature is relatively high and nearly constant.
Temperature is represented by contour lines which are labeled.
Temperature is right for liquid water.
Temperature is right.
Temperature is set by a thermostat.
Temperature is shown above.
Temperature is significant because it affects relative humidity .
Temperature is significant because it affects relative humidity.
Temperature is simply the easiest to measure and work with.
Temperature is stable and gyro's have been passed the tests.
Temperature is stable, and humidity is high.
Temperature is stable, but dehumidifers are required.
Temperature is stable, but dehumidifiers are required.
Temperature is stable.
Temperature is still vital.
Temperature is taken in degrees Centigrade.
Temperature is taken only if reason is seen to suspect an abnormality.
Temperature is taken rectally with an adult rectal thermometer.
Temperature Is temperature of facility controlled with building or is there a main control.
Temperature is that which is measured by a thermometer.
Temperature is the average kinetic energy of the molecules of a substance.
Temperature is the average kinetic energy per molecule.
Temperature is the best guide.
Temperature is the critical variable for dosimetry in thermotherapy.
Temperature is the deciding factor of a great orange.
Temperature is the determining factor in creating conditions for frostbite .
Temperature is the determining factor.
Temperature is the driving force for heat and mass transfer.
Temperature is the early limiting factor.
Temperature is the easiest to assess.
Temperature is the fourth fundamental quantity.
Temperature is the hotness or coldness of an object.
Temperature is the key parameter in determining the success of composting operations.
Temperature is the limiting factor for the period of residence in a shelter.
Temperature is the main thing, for safety reasons.
Temperature is the major factor determining the length of the period of egg development in mayflies.
Temperature is the major influence on the biomes discussed above.
Temperature is the measure of heat energy or motion of particles.
Temperature is the measure of heat in the air in a given place.
Temperature is the measure of hotness or coolness of air.
Temperature is the measure of how hot or cold a substance is.
Temperature is the measure of relative motion of molecules.
Temperature is the measure of the average random molecular kinetic energy in a substance.
Temperature is the measure of thermal energy.
Temperature is the most common indicator of how composting is progressing.
Temperature is the most efficient means to control microbial growth.
Temperature is the most important factor controlling density of surface waters in the open ocean.
Temperature is the most important factor in the formation of HCAs.
Temperature is the most important factor influencing the thysanurans.
Temperature is the most important factor that determines where killdeer can live.
Temperature is the most important factor.
Temperature is the most important requirement for germination.
Temperature is the most important variable with different types of sprouts.
Temperature is the outward manifestation of the amount of energy contained within an object.
Temperature is the predominant variable.
Temperature is the primary determinate for spatial patterns of fir and spruce.
Temperature is the primary factor affecting microbial survival and growth on produce.
Temperature is the relative degree of heat or cold.
Temperature is the second most important factor influencing plant growth in interior environments.
Temperature is the single most important factor in maintaining quality after harvest.
Temperature is the standardized measurement of the heat of the air.
Temperature is the true indicator that turkey is done.
Temperature is the variable that produces the most effects on the bonding process.
Temperature is then a measure of the average kinetic energy per particle.
Temperature is therefore a state function .
Temperature is too high.
Temperature is too low for dislocation climb to operate as a recovery process.
Temperature is too low.
Temperature is unimaginably hot.
Temperature is unlikely to be the only physical influence on strobilation.
Temperature is used to control the interaction between particles suspended in a liquid polymer.
Temperature is used to control the levels of microbial contamination in food products.
Temperature is used to differentiate between ice and water.
Temperature is usually low.
Temperature is usually normal or only slightly elevated.
Temperature is usually normal or only slightly higher than normal.
Temperature is very high during day and very low at night.
Temperature is very important.
Temperature is vitally important with stability more important than how low it is.
Temperature is warm year-round.
Temperature is warmest at the earth s surface where land absorbs incoming light and reradiates heat.
Temperature is what the thermometer reads.
Temperature is what thermometers measure.
Temperature isa property.
Temperature isa quantity.
Temperature jumps around a little, but follows a seasonal trend.
Temperature kills trees.
Temperature leads to decomposition.
Temperature limits biological reaction.
Temperature limits distribution.
Temperature limits reaction.
Temperature limits the amount of oxygen that can dissolve in water.
Temperature makes a difference, too.
Temperature matters a lot.
Temperature mays have impact.
Temperature mays have strong impact.
Temperature means the inherent effect the medicinal has on the body after ingestion.
Temperature means, extremes, and variability in the Midwest - observations.
Temperature measures energy.
Temperature measures the average kinetic energy of the molecules.
Temperature measures the average translational kinetic energy of the molecules in a body.
Temperature measures the average vibrational energy of a particle or group of particles.
Temperature measures the degree of hotness or coldness of a body.
Temperature measures the intensity of the average kinetic energy of the molecules.
Temperature measures the intensity or degree of hotness of an object.
Temperature measures the random motion of the molecules of a system.
Temperature monitor for freezers and cold stores.
Temperature Monitoring Different bat species prefer different temperature ranges.
Temperature needs vary among plant varieties.
Temperature never falls below the dew point temperatures.
Temperature normally decreases with height through the atmosphere.
Temperature normally decreases with height.
Temperature plays a big part in the reed's performance.
Temperature plays a big role.
Temperature plays a key role in the osmoregulation of the newt.
Temperature plays a large part in how fast a fish metabolizes protein.
Temperature plays a major role in determining the rate of corn borer development.
Temperature plays a major role in determining what sex the offspring are.
Temperature plays a part and barometric pressure can affect some fish .
Temperature plays a role as well.
Temperature plays a secondary role in determining the flux levels.
Temperature plays an important part if the artificial rope is subjected to friction.
Temperature plays an important part in the consumption of energy to cool a house or other structure.
Temperature plays an important role for sea turtles in that it determines the sex of the hatchlings.
Temperature plays an important role in aquatic ecosystems.
Temperature plays an important role in the candy-making process.
Temperature plays an important role in the germination of the seeds of woody plants.
Temperature plays an important role when comparing melting speeds of various components.
Temperature plays crucial roles.
Temperature plays important roles.
Temperature plays lesser roles.
Temperature plays major roles.
Temperature plays minor roles.
Temperature plays much lesser roles.
Temperature plays roles.
Temperature plays significant roles.
Temperature plays that important role.
Temperature produces growth.
Temperature produces into any party until was vegetables.
Temperature produces more rapid growth.
Temperature produces rapid growth.
Temperature promotes development.
Temperature promotes growth.
Temperature promotes production.
Temperature pull down is based on non insulated tanks such as glass or acrylic.
Temperature quickly oscillates now high, how low.
Temperature ranges and the dimensions of the radiating area are easily adjustable.
Temperature ranges for salmon.
Temperature ranges from cs.
Temperature ranges from degree cs.
Temperature ranges from degrees.
Temperature ranges in deserts are often extreme.
Temperature ranks among the most important forecast elements.
Temperature reaches areas.
Temperature reaches levels.
Temperature reaches reef areas.
Temperature records in hemispheres.
Temperature records in western hemispheres.
Temperature reduces evaporation.
Temperature reduces growth.
Temperature reduces root growth.
Temperature refers to the conditions of the atmosphere from day to day.
Temperature regulates the rates of process in biology.
Temperature relates to energy.
Temperature remains constant.
Temperature remains pretty much the same after that.
Temperature remains very steady through the year, and only varies with altitude.
Temperature remains within normal ranges.
Temperature remains within ranges.
Temperature reports, possibly in both scales, become a part of the everyday calendar routine.
Temperature represents the average kinetic energy of the atoms in a substance.
Temperature reset on chiller.
Temperature rise activates right outlets and dismantles left outlets.
Temperature rise in pump High viscosity - reduces pump eff.
Temperature rise in the reactor is controlled using gas or liquid quench.
Temperature rise testing Switching devices.
Temperature rises during springs.
Temperature rises during summer.
Temperature rises in early springs.
Temperature rises in springs.
Temperature rises to about upper teens to low twenties.
Temperature seems to be another important issue.
Temperature seems to have affected caribou.
Temperature severely limits growth rate throughout the first half of the run.
Temperature signals the plant to grow or to go dormant.
Temperature stays constant, of course.
Temperature steps off Northern Brazil.
Temperature stimulates metabolism and enhances growth rates of warmwater fishes.
Temperature -Store the whole, clean fish on ice in the refrigerator.
Temperature strongly influences desert tortoise activity level.
Temperature supports development.
Temperature supports growth.
Temperature supports microbial growth.
Temperature switch with two types of sensing elements.
Temperature taking The best way to measure fever in an infant is by taking a rectal temperature.
Temperature tells how hot or cold something is and temperature effects air.
Temperature tends to be lower in the morning and higher in the evening.
Temperature tends to lower the speed of seismic waves and pressure tends to increase the speed.
Temperature then measures the energy or the movement of the molecule.
Temperature thresholds for bud sprouting in perennial weeds and seed germination in cotton.
Temperature triggers reaction.
Temperature triggers runaway reaction.
Temperature undoubtedly plays a major role in determining length of embryonic period.
Temperature vaies considerably between day and night.
Temperature varies among regions.
Temperature varies as does rainfall in different parts of India.
Temperature varies considerably by season and locale.
Temperature varies depending on the elevation from sea level.
Temperature varies from people.
Temperature varies from places.
Temperature varies greatly with elevation.
Temperature varies hugely across the Earth.
Temperature varies in ponds and lakes seasonally.
Temperature varies mainly according to elevation, the higher the cooler.
Temperature varies quite significatly.
Temperature varies vertically and horizontally.
Temperature varies widely with type of Dendrobium.
Temperature varies with depth or pressure in the Earth along the geothermal gradient.
Temperature varies with elevation, aspect and topographical shading.
Temperature varies with height in the atmosphere.
Temperature vary with the species and strain cultured.
Temperature works the same way.
Temperature yields results.
Temperature yields same results.
Temperatures affect pregnant females, of course.
Temperatures affect the timing of crack sealing or filling.
Temperatures affect the viscosity of oil, higher temperatures lowering the viscosity.
Temperatures also change with changes in altitude.
Temperatures also change.
Temperatures also get extremely hot further down, which prevents liquid water from existing.
Temperatures also play an important role in material thickness and viscosity.
Temperatures also require close monitoring in order to control viscosity.
Temperatures also show some seasonal variations.
Temperatures also vary from place to place.
Temperatures also vary over a wide range.
Temperatures alternating back and forth past the freezing point cause the sap to run.
Temperatures are a few degrees cooler at the coast.
Temperatures are a few degrees cooler in the South Island, and both islands receive snow in winter.
Temperatures are a function of both latitude and altitude.
Temperatures are a function of heat.
Temperatures are about the same in both counties.
Temperatures are about the same, although it's more humid in South Texas.
Temperatures are agreeably warm in summer and winters are sunny and mild.
Temperatures are also a practical example of mathematics in use.
Temperatures are also variable.
Temperatures are always moderate as invigorating activities go on year-round.
Temperatures are approximate.
Temperatures are at their zenith and most prolonged.
Temperatures are below freezing for eight or nine months of the year.
Temperatures are bit on the cool side, howver.
Temperatures are checked several times daily and adjusted by opening or closing the window slightly.
Temperatures are chilly at night but the bear hides are prime.
Temperatures are cold for most of the year, with much wind and snow.
Temperatures are commonly well below freezing both day and night.
Temperatures are consequently hotter and more variable, and humidity is lowered.
Temperatures are considerably cooler than the Phoenix area during the summer with mild winters.
Temperatures are consistently high.
Temperatures are consistently warm in summer and mild in winter.
Temperatures are cool and rains dilute the effluent.
Temperatures are cool during the day and below freezing at night.
Temperatures are cool enough so that one or two waterings daily can keep the surface moist.
Temperatures are cool to moderate and very dry conditions are uncommon.
Temperatures are cool, and humidity is high.
Temperatures are cool, decomposition rates slow, and soils are often waterlogged.
Temperatures are cooler along the Nile River and the Mediterranean coast.
Temperatures are cooler and rainfall is usually plentiful.
Temperatures are cooler at higher elevations.
Temperatures are cooler in summer and warmer in winter.
Temperatures are cooler in the higher altitudes of the mountains.
Temperatures are cooler in the mountains, with more moisture.
Temperatures are cooler on the water.
Temperatures are cooler than the capital of Managua, but still get quite warm in our summer months.
Temperatures are cooler, predation is lower, travel is faster.
Temperatures are cooler, the air cleaner and the scenery prettier in the hours around dawn.
Temperatures are cooler.
Temperatures are currently in the low teens.
Temperatures are dependent upon the location relative to the high.
Temperatures are even enough to bake bread and fries.
Temperatures are extreme in space, from boiling hot to freezing cold.
Temperatures are extreme with hot summers and cold winter.
Temperatures are extremely high, largely precluding midday active recreation.
Temperatures are extremely low during the long, dark winter.
Temperatures are extremely low on and near Mount Logan .
Temperatures are extremely low on and near Mount Logan.
Temperatures are Fahrenheit.
Temperatures are for central Iowa at a depth of four inches, under bare soil.
Temperatures are frequently lower than steam-heated kilns.
Temperatures are generally a little higher on the west coast than at the same latitude on the east.
Temperatures are generally comfortable, with sunny, breezy weather.
Temperatures are generally in the mid-eighties during the day and in the seventies at night.
Temperatures are generally lower, but when it does heat up it seems to do it very suddenly.
Temperatures are generally mild year-round.
Temperatures are generally moderate in comparison with other parts of Western Asia.
Temperatures are generally moderate.
Temperatures are given at sea level.
Temperatures are given in Fahrenheit.
Temperatures are high but tolerable, and the land is rich in Fire Elemental Stones.
Temperatures are high during the day and quite low in the evening.
Temperatures are high enough that the outer core is molten.
Temperatures are high throughout the year, varying little from month to month.
Temperatures are high year round, with a cool breeze around winter time.
Temperatures are high, admittedly, but the dry desert climate makes the heat perfectly bearable.
Temperatures are high, and such conditions can be tough on the fish.
Temperatures are high, and they change little during the year.
Temperatures are higher due to the variability of the polar vortex, which limits formation of PSCs.
Temperatures are higher in the dark, than in the light.
Temperatures are highest along the coast and much cooler in the mountains.
Temperatures are hot all year long.
Temperatures are hot in summer.
Temperatures are hotter in the summer and milder in the winter.
Temperatures are important for indicating the type of air mass.
Temperatures are in centigrade.
Temperatures are in deg-F and precipitation in inches.
Temperatures are in degrees Fahrenheit, precipitation and snow are in inches.
Temperatures are in degrees fahrenheit.
Temperatures are in degrees Fahrenheit.
Temperatures are in the teens and snow blankets the ground.
Temperatures are key as well to what happens on the surface.
Temperatures are less extreme and ther is more rainfall .
Temperatures are less extreme and ther is more rainfall.
Temperatures are less extreme here.
Temperatures are likely to be cool in the evenings.
Temperatures are low at all times partially because snow reflects the sun rays.
Temperatures are low even in the summer months.
Temperatures are low on the glacier and so good snow conditions are being retained.
Temperatures are low which maintains the snow.
Temperatures are lower and the skies are generally clearer during the dry.
Temperatures are lower in the northern part of the province.
Temperatures are lower in the northern part of the state.
Temperatures are lower in the west and more snow is forecast.
Temperatures are lower, and the snow is deeper.
Temperatures are lowered by the altitude compared with lowland areas.
Temperatures are lowest of season due to cold front.
Temperatures are measured by allowing the thermometer and the system to come to thermal equilibrium.
Temperatures are measured by instruments called thermometers.
Temperatures are mild and daylight lingers.
Temperatures are mild and snow and ice are rare.
Temperatures are mild and the valleys are rich.
Temperatures are mild as befits a locale dominated by a marine layer which overlies a cold current.
Temperatures are mild due to the moderating effect of the Pacific Ocean.
Temperatures are mild year round.
Temperatures are mild year-round, thanks to trade winds.
Temperatures are mild year-round.
Temperatures are mild, but spring storms can bring damaging winds, hail, flash floods and tornadoes.
Temperatures are milder gone are the sweltering dog days of summer.
Temperatures are moderate all year round along the coast with rain scattered throughout the year.
Temperatures are moderate all year round with rain scattered throughout the year.
Temperatures are moderate all year round.
Temperatures are moderate along the coastline and more extreme in the country's interior.
Temperatures are moderate and vary little from season to season.
Temperatures are moderate and winds decrease.
Temperatures are moderate during the day and chilly at night.
Temperatures are moderate in the winter and hot in the summer.
Temperatures are moderate in the winter and warm in the summer.
Temperatures are moderate into the late fall, and the hurricane season has passed.
Temperatures are moderate throughout the year, allowing outdoor recreation all year long.
Temperatures are moderate year-round.
Temperatures are moderate, and there's a good chance of clear skies and sun.
Temperatures are moderate, just below freezing at mid-day, into the middle twenties at night.
Temperatures are moderate.
Temperatures are moderating, weeds are less competitive and moisture is usually adequate.
Temperatures are more extreme for places far away from the sea.
Temperatures are much cooler and relative humidities much higher.
Temperatures are near freezing.
Temperatures are nice for paddling and hiking but the water is cold.
Temperatures are normal during the day.
Temperatures are normally lowest from sundown through early morning.
Temperatures are often brutal, dropping well below zero.
Temperatures are often cool during a moderately short growing season.
Temperatures are often in the mid-sixties.
Temperatures are often pleasant.
Temperatures are often too hot or too cold.
Temperatures are okay.
Temperatures are on average up to six degrees higher than normal, with little respite at night.
Temperatures are on the rise, trees are in bloom, and the season of serious gardening is underway.
Temperatures are perfect.
Temperatures are pleasant and the skies are often deep blue and coudless.
Temperatures are pleasant, crowds are light, and the hurricane season is then past.
Temperatures are quite cool in most areas, especially at the higher elevations.
Temperatures are refreshingly cool and the bugs mild compared to lowland tropical forests.
Temperatures are regulated by opening and closing vents in the barn as needed.
Temperatures are relatively mild in the winter and warm during the summer.
Temperatures are several degrees higher in southern Pennsylvania.
Temperatures are similar to Colorado Springs.
Temperatures are similar to the greenhouse but the humidity is much lower.
Temperatures are slightly cooler.
Temperatures are slightly higher than during the winter.
Temperatures are slow to change along our coast, or at least they're predictable.
Temperatures are taken to make sure the pups are warm enough to nurse.
Temperatures are the upper left most numbers on each station plot.
Temperatures are to be measured where possible by non-destructive methods.
Temperatures are too cold for the snow to melt.
Temperatures are too high during day time and too low during night time.
Temperatures are too high in the summer and warm air carries the wrong type of wild yeasts.
Temperatures are too high or humidity too low plants grown too soft during the summer.
Temperatures are too warm.
Temperatures are too.
Temperatures are tropical and the vegetation includes scrub, wild tobacco, and some coconut groves.
Temperatures are tropical.
Temperatures are typically much warmer than communities inland.
Temperatures are uncomfortable for most people in the summertime.
Temperatures are up, a lot.
Temperatures are usually best, and traffic is lightest, in the early morning hours.
Temperatures are usually comfortably warm during the day with cool nights and mornings.
Temperatures are usually cool although they almost never reach as low as the freezing point.
Temperatures are usually in the range of the optimum storage conditions and the humidity is low.
Temperatures are usually pleasant during the day but can be nippy in the morning and evening.
Temperatures are usually very cold or very hot.
Temperatures are usually very mild and vary little during the year.
Temperatures are usually warmer within our cities versus outside the cities.
Temperatures are very cold in winter and warm to hot in summer.
Temperatures are very high during summers and very low during winters.
Temperatures are very important.
Temperatures are very low.
Temperatures are very, very cold but also stable.
Temperatures are warm enough in the southwest U.S. so that hibernation is unnecessary.
Temperatures are warm in summer and relatively mild in winter.
Temperatures are warm, but never blistering.
Temperatures are warm.
Temperatures are, in fact, rising.
Temperatures bake here in the summer, making the riverbank a tempting spot to disrobe.
Temperatures become increasingly comfortable and our days are long.
Temperatures begin to moderate in spring, but sub-zero lows can still occur.
Temperatures can also be very different .
Temperatures can also be very different.
Temperatures can be bitterly cold, even in midsummer.
Temperatures can be cooler in valleys under the inversion than higher elevated mountain slopes.
Temperatures can be extreme in desert regions.
Temperatures can be extreme in summer and there is the risk of wildfires.
Temperatures can be extreme.
Temperatures can be extremely high inland.
Temperatures can be high with mosquitoes, but perfect for observing wetland birds.
Temperatures can be hot during the day but the elevation reduces the humidity.
Temperatures can be mild to warm.
Temperatures can be several degrees hotter in the city than in nearby suburbs and rural areas.
Temperatures can be severely low in the winter and are moderate in the summer.
Temperatures can be unpredictable.
Temperatures can be very cold and deer densities are generally low, so plan accordingly.
Temperatures can be very cool or quite hot.
Temperatures can be very HOT or very COLD, sometimes both in the same day.
Temperatures can become quite hot and unpleasant during mid-summer.
Temperatures can change dramatically in the course of a day.
Temperatures can change drastically.
Temperatures can drop dramatically then and the days can be cool.
Temperatures can drop dramatically when storms strike upper reaches of the range.
Temperatures can drop dramatically.
Temperatures can drop drastically.
Temperatures can drop rapidly after sunset on warm days.
Temperatures can drop rather rapidly.
Temperatures can drop several tens of degrees in a short period of time. . .
Temperatures can drop so precipitously that the poorly prepared can die of exposure.
Temperatures can drop substantially between lower elevations and mountain peaks.
Temperatures can drop very rapidly and in winter soft snow can turn into ice in a matter of minutes.
Temperatures can easily drop to freezing and strong winds can come out of nowhere.
Temperatures can fall like North Dakota's.
Temperatures can fall to the lower range at night.
Temperatures can fluctuate in the testing rooms.
Temperatures can get cool and windy if a front goes through from the north.
Temperatures can get very hot, especially inland.
Temperatures can go even higher as combustion continues.
Temperatures can go only so high before biochemistry breaks down.
Temperatures can make wild swings as storms swing in and out of the valley.
Temperatures can often fall far below freezing for long periods.
Temperatures can only go so high before all biochemistry becomes impossible.
Temperatures can plunge at times in the summer.
Temperatures can range from below zero to the mid-forties.
Temperatures can range from blistering to bone-chilling.
Temperatures can range from hot and sticky on humid summer days to frigid in winter.
Temperatures can range widely during the day.
Temperatures can reach dangerous levels rapidly.
Temperatures can reach millions of degrees.
Temperatures can rise dramatically in short periods of time.
Temperatures can rise from very pleasant temperatures to rather warm mid-day temperatures.
Temperatures can rise quickly causing overheating and death.
Temperatures can rise quickly even if a window is partially left open.
Temperatures can rise quickly inside a non moving trailer.
Temperatures can rise quickly, especially in a car even with the windows slightly opened.
Temperatures can rise quickly, killing in minutes in extreme temperatures.
Temperatures can rise to dangerous levels in a matter of minutes.
Temperatures can rise to dangerous levels quickly.
Temperatures can rise to life-threatening levels in a matter of minutes.
Temperatures can rise tremendously inside a closed vehicle.
Temperatures can soar by day and plummet to below freezing at night.
Temperatures can soar in a closed car or boot, especially in summer.
Temperatures can soar to killer levels within just a few minutes in a car that is in the sun.
Temperatures can soar, particularly during the summer months in such spaces.
Temperatures can vary daily.
Temperatures can vary from warm to cold during the daytime to cold during the night.
Temperatures can vary greatly from sea level to ski level, even in the summer months.
Temperatures can vary significantly across the chip, producing thermal stress in chips and packages.
Temperatures can, on occasion, fall well below freezing, however below zero temperatures are rare.
Temperatures change dramatically.
Temperatures change far more rapidly in air than in earth or snow.
Temperatures change frequently, crossing the freezing point of water.
Temperatures change with elevation rather than season.
Temperatures Click on the graph to view the temperatures in Prague.
Temperatures continue to drop slightly, especially at night.
Temperatures continue to fall.
Temperatures continue to increase through the corona.
Temperatures continue to remain far above both last year's record high levels and all other years.
Temperatures cool down at sunset even on the warmest summer day.
Temperatures cool down with height.
Temperatures correspond to unique radii.
Temperatures creep into the mid-forties.
Temperatures decline again in the mesosphere but increase in the thermosphere.
Temperatures decline to the northwest.
Temperatures decrease from the south to the north in the state.
Temperatures decrease with altitude in the troposphere.
Temperatures decrease with color from light blue to purple.
Temperatures decrease with height.
Temperatures decrease with increasing elevation.
Temperatures decrease, but the humidity increases so that it feels little different.
Temperatures depend largely on altitude.
Temperatures depend on season and altitude.
Temperatures depend primarily on elevation and show little seasonal variation.
Temperatures differ also over land and sea.
Temperatures differ therefore rather strikingly across the country.
Temperatures do vary, however.
Temperatures drop as elevation increases.
Temperatures drop as low as zero during the winter, but the altitude makes it cold much of the year.
Temperatures drop below freezing at night.
Temperatures drop below zero or below an average of two or three days per year.
Temperatures drop dramatically after sunset, so bring a jacket year-round.
Temperatures drop dramatically in the winter.
Temperatures drop dramatically with increases in altitude.
Temperatures drop enough for open windows at night.
Temperatures drop in the autumn, reaching freezing point, or below, during the winter.
Temperatures drop in the highlands.
Temperatures drop low enough to form clouds even in the very dry stratosphere.
Temperatures drop quite low during the cooler months.
Temperatures drop rapidly when the sun goes behind clouds and at the end of the day.
Temperatures drop rapidly, thanks to the elevation and low humidity.
Temperatures drop the further an area is from the equator due to the curvature of the earth.
Temperatures drop well below freezing in the winter.
Temperatures drop with altitude, even here.
Temperatures drop, and deer look for shelter.
Temperatures drop, and glaciers begin to advance.
Temperatures drop, and there is no light for photosynthesis.
Temperatures effect magnetic properties of compounds.
Temperatures fall and businesses close in the evening, causing demand for electricity to fall.
Temperatures fall and the wind shifts in a clockwise direction while the front passes.
Temperatures fall at night during winter.
Temperatures fall at night in winter.
Temperatures fall rapidly as soon as the sun goes down.
Temperatures fall rapidly.
Temperatures fall sharply after sunset.
Temperatures fall sharply at night.
Temperatures finally begin to cool as wet, windy weather once again returns.
Temperatures fluctuate between balmy summers and dry, chilly winters.
Temperatures fluctuate frequently as cold air masses move in very rapidly.
Temperatures fluctuate very little in the surface water surrounding most floating docks.
Temperatures fluctuate widely in the air and soil region closest to the surface.
Temperatures generalloy near normal but often humid.
Temperatures generally are cooler at higher elevations.
Temperatures generally decrease with depth.
Temperatures generally decrease with increasing altitude above the earth s surface.
Temperatures generally decrease with increasing altitude.
Temperatures get damn cold in the winter.
Temperatures go down to near zero.
Temperatures go from warm to hot.
Temperatures go up and down like the stock market.
Temperatures gradually become colder through the month.
Temperatures have to be consistant for development.
Temperatures have to drop to near freezing before algae move into a dormant state.
Temperatures here increase with elevation.
Temperatures here make it hard for things to live easily.
Temperatures hover around freezing, with daytime temperatures often rising well above.
Temperatures hover in the teens and low twenties Fahrenheit.
Temperatures increase approaching a recooler and then drop on exit from the recooler.
Temperatures increase as one goes in.
Temperatures increase as the ozone concentration increases.
Temperatures increase from west to east, while annual precipitation increases from east to west.
Temperatures increase until a new thermal equilibrium is established for the solar heat flux.
Temperatures increase with height.
Temperatures initially are isothermal, then increase with altitude.
Temperatures largely depend on altitude.
Temperatures listed below reduce enzyme levels to half in the period stated.
Temperatures listed reflect average temperatures projected for days and day segments listed.
Temperatures measured in the armpit are the least accurate, but they are better than no measurement.
Temperatures normally range from morning lows in the forties to afternoon highs in the seventies.
Temperatures occasionally fall below zero but only last a very short time.
Temperatures play a key role in the development of the eggs.
Temperatures play an important role in growing orchids.
Temperatures quickly drop below zero during a blizzard, especially with the wind chill.
Temperatures range a few degrees cooler than southern Canada.
Temperatures range from cool, even at the height of summer, to bitterly cold in winter.
Temperatures range from lukewarm to steamy.
Temperatures range from warm to extremely hot.
Temperatures range from warm, humid summer days to cold New England winter days.
Temperatures range widely throughout the year and can vary dramatically with changes in altitude.
Temperatures reach their maximum in midafternoon and their minimum near sunrise.
Temperatures regularly dip far below freezing.
Temperatures remain above normal.
Temperatures remain below freezing all winter, and frequently drop below freezing in summer.
Temperatures remain below normal.
Temperatures remain fairly constant year round on the West Coast.
Temperatures remain far above seasonal average.
Temperatures remain hot.
Temperatures remain low.
Temperatures remain moderate in summer and winter.
Temperatures remain more constant in a full cooler.
Temperatures remain nearly constant all year round with variations primarily related to altitude.
Temperatures remain nearly constant all year with variations related to elevation.
Temperatures remain rather mild for now, slowing the formation of additional new ice.
Temperatures remain relatively constant throughout the year, becoming cooler at night.
Temperatures remain seasonably cool and the bugs have presented few problems.
Temperatures remain seasonal with good drying days.
Temperatures remain toward the cool side, with wet conditions over the weekend.
Temperatures remain warm year-round, although they are hottest during the summer months.
Temperatures remain within a narrower band than is the case in many other parts of the Kingdom.
Temperatures rise and rainfall declines as the land descends eastward, from high to low veld .
Temperatures rise and remain at a very comfortable level into the early evening hours.
Temperatures rise as one moves upward through the stratosphere .
Temperatures rise as one moves upward through the stratosphere.
Temperatures rise markedly, and then usually fall in about two to three days.
Temperatures rise quickly and dogs are subject to heatstroke and death just like people.
Temperatures rise quickly even with windows open.
Temperatures rise quickly, as does the level of humidity.
Temperatures rise, nuclear fusion begins, and stars become energy producing.
Temperatures rise, temperatures fall.
Temperatures rising Some experts say time is running out.
Temperatures run into the triple digits every afternoon.
Temperatures run the gamut from the single figures to triple digits.
Temperatures shown are mean temperatures.
Temperatures shown are typical for Maryland.
Temperatures soar in California.
Temperatures soar in the parks near Phoenix and Tucson in the summer months.
Temperatures soar on an island off the British coast.
Temperatures stay cool for the rest of the week.
Temperatures stay relatively mild, even in the winter.
Temperatures stop decreasing with altitude.
Temperatures tend to be a few degrees milder in summer and warmer in winter.
Temperatures tend to be a little warmer in the south and a little cooler towards the north.
Temperatures tend to be mild in summer and severe in winter.
Temperatures tend to be the coldest of the year.
Temperatures tend to be warmer inland and cooler along the shore.
Temperatures tend to rise in the noon hours and go down in the morning.
Temperatures tend to warm up through the month.
Temperatures then are more reasonable, and bugs are less prevalent.
Temperatures There are areas where it snows and others where it is dismally hot.
Temperatures there are considerably higher due to all the reflected heat and light.
Temperatures there are now mostly between a half and one degree C above normal.
Temperatures there are well below freezing.
Temperatures tumble, winds intensify and frostbite can hit any exposed part of the body.
Temperatures vary a great deal.
Temperatures vary according to altitude.
Temperatures vary according to elevation.
Temperatures vary according to the latitude and proximity to the sea.
Temperatures vary across a lake too.
Temperatures vary across the state during the winter .
Temperatures vary among species and among individuals of the same species.
Temperatures vary by altitude.
Temperatures vary considerably with height and time of day.
Temperatures vary considerably with height and with time of day.
Temperatures vary considerably.
Temperatures vary depending on elevation.
Temperatures vary depending on the ecological zone.
Temperatures vary depending on the strength of the trade winds.
Temperatures vary dramatically between the surface and the ocean floor.
Temperatures vary enough to support pineapples, grapes, potatoes and apples etc.
Temperatures vary for suitability for rapid seed production.
Temperatures vary from subtropical to perpetual snow cover.
Temperatures vary greatly between mountain top and valleys.
Temperatures vary greatly depending on the location of the wetland.
Temperatures vary greatly from place to place, season to season, and day to night.
Temperatures vary in courtrooms and the assembly room.
Temperatures vary in different areas.
Temperatures vary little from place to place, except at higher elevations.
Temperatures vary little throughout the year.
Temperatures vary more between day and night and high and low altitudes than between seasons.
Temperatures vary more by region and elevation than by season.
Temperatures vary more from summer to winter, and the amount of rainfall is less than in savannas.
Temperatures vary more than they do on Earth.
Temperatures vary on North aspects much less than South.
Temperatures vary throughout Monterey County.
Temperatures vary throughout the state.
Temperatures vary while the instrument is off due to solar radiation and heater cycles.
Temperatures vary widely from halls to classrooms to social gathering spots.
Temperatures vary with altitude and distance from the coast.
Temperatures vary with altitude and season.
Temperatures vary with altitude.
Temperatures vary with changes in elevation and seasons.
Temperatures vary with elevation and show little seasonalchange.
Temperatures vary with elevation.
Temperatures warm rapidly in the spring.
Temperature frequently limits the size of the insect population.
Temperature often serves as a behavioral cue.
Temperatures often are too high for fish, and sediment chokes the river during irrigation season.
Temperatures often drop below freezing before dawn.
Temperatures often drop rapidly when the sun sets.
Temperatures often range greatly within a single day.
Temperatures usually fall to freezing, or below, during the night.
All temperature celebrate soon, yet few coast in an glance shave.
All temperature play.
All temperatures are absolute.
All temperatures are in degrees Centigrade.
All temperatures are in degrees Fahrenheit.
All temperatures are in Fahrenheit.
All temperatures are measures of heat energy.
All temperatures continue to be stable.
All temperatures given are in Fahrenheit.
All temperatures shown are in Fahrenheit and average precipitation are in Inches.
All temperatures used in the forecast are in degrees Centigrade.
More temperature means more heat and more radiation, which then leaks out.
More temperature spread, more output.
Most temperature accelerates development.
Most temperature accelerates evaporation.
Most temperature accelerates growth.
Most temperature accelerates parasite growth.
Most temperature accompanies blizzards.
Most temperature affects ability.
Most temperature affects abundances.
Most temperature affects aspects.
Most temperature affects battery life.
Most temperature affects behavior.
Most temperature affects biomass.
Most temperature affects capacity.
Most temperature affects crop growth.
Most temperature affects crystal growth.
Most temperature affects emergence.
Most temperature affects emissions.
Most temperature affects fire.
Most temperature affects flavor.
Most temperature affects germination.
Most temperature affects growth.
Most temperature affects habitats.
Most temperature affects intensity.
Most temperature affects life.
Most temperature affects light intensity.
Most temperature affects mold growth.
Most temperature affects motility.
Most temperature affects photosynthesis.
Most temperature affects plant growth.
Most temperature affects plants.
Most temperature affects potential.
Most temperature affects pressure.
Most temperature affects productivity.
Most temperature affects quality.
Most temperature affects regions.
Most temperature affects seed germination.
Most temperature affects sperm motility.
Most temperature affects survival.
Most temperature affects water quality.
Most temperature affects water.
Most temperature affects weather.
Most temperature approaches degrees.
Most temperature causes chemical reaction.
Most temperature causes damage.
Most temperature causes decomposition reaction.
Most temperature causes digestion problems.
Most temperature causes health problems.
Most temperature causes problems.
Most temperature causes rapid decomposition reaction.
Most temperature causes rapid reaction.
Most temperature causes reaction.
Most temperature causes serious health problems.
Most temperature causes serious problems.
Most temperature causes severe damage.
Most temperature causes significant damage.
Most temperature decreases growth.
Most temperature depends on environments.
Most temperature depends on heat.
Most temperature depends on outside temperature.
Most temperature depends on temperature.
Most temperature encourages alga growth.
Most temperature encourages development.
Most temperature encourages germination.
Most temperature encourages growth.
Most temperature enhances responses.
Most temperature falls within ranges.
Most temperature has big impact.
Most temperature has effects.
Most temperature has huge impact.
Most temperature has impact.
Most temperature has little effects.
Most temperature has profound effects.
Most temperature has pronounce effects.
Most temperature has strong effects.
Most temperature impacts embryo survival.
Most temperature impacts health conditions.
Most temperature increases conductivity.
Most temperature increases over years.
Most temperature increases pressure.
Most temperature increases summer temperature.
Most temperature increases temperature.
Most temperature increases thermal conductivity.
Most temperature influences seasonal movement.
Most temperature leads to decomposition.
Most temperature limits biological reaction.
Most temperature limits distribution.
Most temperature limits reaction.
Most temperature plays crucial roles.
Most temperature plays important roles.
Most temperature plays lesser roles.
Most temperature plays major roles.
Most temperature plays minor roles.
Most temperature plays much lesser roles.
Most temperature plays roles.
Most temperature plays significant roles.
Most temperature produces growth.
Most temperature produces more rapid growth.
Most temperature produces rapid growth.
Most temperature promotes development.
Most temperature promotes growth.
Most temperature promotes production.
Most temperature ranges from degree cs.
Most temperature ranges from degrees.
Most temperature reaches areas.
Most temperature reaches levels.
Most temperature reaches reef areas.
Most temperature reduces evaporation.
Most temperature reduces growth.
Most temperature reduces root growth.
Most temperature relates to energy.
Most temperature remains within normal ranges.
Most temperature remains within ranges.
Most temperature rises during springs.
Most temperature rises during summer.
Most temperature rises in early springs.
Most temperature rises in springs.
Most temperature supports development.
Most temperature supports growth.
Most temperature supports microbial growth.
Most temperature varies among regions.
Most temperature varies from people.
Most temperature varies from places.
Most temperatures are very cold.
Some temperature absorbs radiation.
Some temperature accelerates maturation.
Some temperature affects adult size.
Some temperature affects appearances.
Some temperature affects characters.
Some temperature affects concentration.
Some temperature affects conductivity.
Some temperature affects consumption.
Some temperature affects distribution.
Some temperature affects feed consumption.
Some temperature affects feed intake.
Some temperature affects food distribution.
Some temperature affects gases.
Some temperature affects geologies.
Some temperature affects grasshopper outbreaks.
Some temperature affects health.
Some temperature affects intake.
Some temperature affects migration patterns.
Some temperature affects outbreaks.
Some temperature affects patterns.
Some temperature affects plant health.
Some temperature affects primary sexual characters.
Some temperature affects production.
Some temperature affects reproduction.
Some temperature affects resistance.
Some temperature affects secondary characters.
Some temperature affects secondary sexual characters.
Some temperature affects size.
Some temperature affects types.
Some temperature causes chemical explosions.
Some temperature causes death.
Some temperature causes explosions.
Some temperature causes injuries.
Some temperature causes rapid speciation.
Some temperature causes serious injuries.
Some temperature causes speciation.
Some temperature changes over years.
Some temperature combines with intense radiation.
Some temperature combines with intense solar radiation.
Some temperature combines with radiation.
Some temperature combines with rainfall.
Some temperature combines with solar radiation.
Some temperature contributes to outbreaks.
Some temperature corresponds to boiler pressure.
Some temperature corresponds to pressure.
Some temperature damages certain organs.
Some temperature decreases conductivity.
Some temperature decreases during arctic summer.
Some temperature decreases during late summer.
Some temperature decreases during summer.
Some temperature decreases energy.
Some temperature decreases germination.
Some temperature decreases spore germination.
Some temperature depends on different factors.
Some temperature depends on factors.
Some temperature depends on many different factors.
Some temperature depends on many factors.
Some temperature drops below certain levels.
Some temperature drops below levels.
Some temperature drops below optimum levels.
Some temperature encourages combustion.
Some temperature enhances development.
Some temperature enhances growth.
Some temperature enhances phenomena.
Some temperature enhances survival.
Some temperature enhances tree growth.
Some temperature ensures comfort.
Some temperature exceeds capacity.
Some temperature exceeds certain degrees.
Some temperature exceeds degrees.
Some temperature explains phenomena.
Some temperature has ability.
Some temperature has growth.
Some temperature has lower quality.
Some temperature has quality.
Some temperature has semen quality.
Some temperature increases cell metabolism.
Some temperature increases crops.
Some temperature increases energy.
Some temperature increases humidity.
Some temperature increases metabolism.
Some temperature increases over decades.
Some temperature increases over past decades.
Some temperature increases over past several decades.
Some temperature increases over several decades.
Some temperature increases radiation.
Some temperature increases relative humidity.
Some temperature increases resistance.
Some temperature increases solar radiation.
Some temperature increases tension.
Some temperature indicates infection.
Some temperature indicates respiratory infection.
Some temperature indicates respiratory tract infection.
Some temperature indicates tract infection.
Some temperature induces growth.
Some temperature influences available resources.
Some temperature influences evolution.
Some temperature influences occurrences.
Some temperature influences resources.
Some temperature inhibits growth.
Some temperature is below degrees.
Some temperature is divided by temperature.
Some temperature is near boundaries.
Some temperature is near lower boundaries.
Some temperature kills plants.
Some temperature leads to air pollution.
Some temperature leads to death.
Some temperature leads to growth.
Some temperature leads to plant growth.
Some temperature leads to pollution.
Some temperature leads to rain.
Some temperature limits growth.
Some temperature limits root growth.
Some temperature needs for germination.
Some temperature needs for quick germination.
Some temperature prevents germination.
Some temperature prevents growth.
Some temperature produces wildfires.
Some temperature promotes pollination.
Some temperature promotes transformation.
Some temperature protects from light.
Some temperature records for example, for the United States reveal no evidence of change.
Some temperature records in countries.
Some temperature reduces germination.
Some temperature reduces seed germination.
Some temperature reduces spermatogenesises.
Some temperature remains within limits.
Some temperature remains within normal limits.
Some temperature requires energy.
Some temperature requires for normal spermatogenesises.
Some temperature requires for spermatogenesises.
Some temperature results in death.
Some temperature supports hurricanes.
Some temperature wills have effects.
Tempered aluminum is a better conductor of sound than brass or bronze.
Tempered board is denser and has a higher moisture resistance.
Tempered chocolate is flooded over the centers.
Tempered chocolate sets up quickly and with a nice smooth shine on it.
Tempered glass breaks into small pieces, rather than large shards, if damaged.
Tempered glass is another innovation.
Tempered glass is best.
Tempered glass is expensive.
Tempered glass is four times stronger than regular glass.
Tempered glass is heated and then cooled rapidly.
Tempered glass is is used on the side windows of automobiles.
Tempered glass is stronger than regular glass.
Tempered glass is the most impact resistant.
Tempered glass is thinner then traditional pottery dinnerware.
Tempered glass tabletops.
Tempered materials are particularly susceptible.
Tempered scale is the musical scale used in modern western music.
Tempering can also trip retained austenite to make fresh untempered martensite.
Tempering decreases hardness and strength, but increases ductility and toughness.
Tempering equalizes moisture, so the next pass can safely remove additional moisture.
Tempering Following conching, the liquid chocolate is tempered for several hours.
Tempering helps to prevent the eggs from curdling.
Tempering involves adjusting some of the intervals.
Tempering is a form of heat treatment that controls the toughness and hardness of steel.
Tempering is actually a re-heating and slow cooling process.
Tempering is always a compromise between hardness and stress relief.
Tempering is another important technique used by the blacksmith.
Tempering is done immediately after quench hardening.
Tempering is especially important if fish are going from cool water to warm water.
Tempering is involved here.
Tempering is tricky business.
Tempering makes the material tougher and less brittle.
Tempering reduces the brittleness and relieves internal stresses.
Tempering removes the stresses set up in the coils during manufacture.
Tempering softens the hardness of the metal for the use intended.
Tempering takes place in the carton.
A tempest is commotion
Tempest backs it with a one-year warranty.
Tempest drops easily into both new and legacy embedded applications.
Tempest matches the pitch of the blade to engine design to reach maximum efficiency.
Tempest means storm.
Tempest remains on the penumbra of the rock formation, pacing with a lazy air of self-contentment.
Tempest threatens to break out.
Tempests are artwork.
Tempests are windstorm.
Template engines enforce good design.
Template files are always under development.
Template files are easier to use and design, but HTML calculation fields can be far more powerful.
Template files build active channel and Netcaster pages in addition to standard Web pages.
Template files can also be general to display e.
Template files can contain text just like a normal document, but they can also hold macros.
Template files patches message boards downloads free trial version.
Template methods require a template pattern to compare with each of the input sequences.
Any template system needs extra processing by the web server.
A template is an example
Template contains link bar, text column and image placeholders.
Template isa representation.
Templates accompany each project.
Templates accumulate knowledge of method implementations as well as programming know-how.
Templates act as a model for complicated hyperbolic regions of three-dimensional flows.
Templates Add an approver as an alternate approver wherever a target approver is found.
Templates adhere to a hierarchy when a URL matches more than one template.
Templates allow a programmer to create objects like linked lists which are type-safe.
Templates allow all visual attributes to be adjusted.
Templates allow dynamic reconfiguration of the reports.
Templates allow easy customization and changes of the layout.
Templates allow easy customization of each page and a fast change of the layout.
Templates allow easy customization of each page, and a fast change of the layout.
Templates allow even a newbie to create professional looking webpages easily and fast.
Templates allow powerful layout customization.
Templates allow programmers to have the best of both worlds.
Templates allow reuse of code regardless of types.
Templates allow the user the share the same report layout with many data extracts.
Templates allow the user to construct outlines or forms, which contain data fields.
Templates allow users to establish scan zones.
Templates allow web developers to easily create a series of web pages with a similar format.
Templates allows users to quickly make a general note and chose the same one for every user.
Templates also benefit the user by enforcing consistency.
Templates also contain interactive communication facilities.
Templates also make it easy to add new pages.
Templates also minimize the amount of typing needed.
Templates also prompt physicians to ask certain questions during patient histories.
Templates also reduce the risk when content is updated by non-technical personnel.
Templates also save time and money by eliminating unnecessary design work.
Templates are a convenient way to make professional looking Web pages.
Templates are a generalization of HTML documents.
Templates are a very powerful feature that allow developpers to write code independent of types.
Templates are a way to group the packages by industry.
Templates are all-occasion messages that are already designed and ready to send.
Templates are also widely used throughout the program.
Templates are an extension of styles.
Templates are automated documents that prompt users for information.
Templates are available for banners, animations, slide shows, simple navigation, buttons and menus.
Templates are available for both software applications.
Templates are available for class descriptions, labs, resources, and syllabi.
Templates are available for each data type.
Templates are available for existing or new floors, making for ease of installation.
Templates are available for many common applications.
Templates are available for many common substances, as are shortcuts for common functional groups.
Templates are available for primary care, cardiology, emergency medicine, pathology and radiology.
Templates are available for submitting study descriptions to review boards for approval.
Templates are available on the web site.
Templates are available or custom design for individual packages.
Templates are available upon request.
Templates are below.
Templates are collection of fields that are used to get information or feedback from users.
Templates are cool.
Templates are domain specific applications and consultations are instances of the templates.
Templates are easy to tailor to our own requirements.
Templates are everywhere.
Templates are evil.
Templates are explored.
Templates are extremely individual, and vary widely between firms.
Templates are fantastic and are worth the price of the course.
Templates are fantastic ways to create great projects with little time or work.
Templates are fast and convenient and easy.
Templates are for machine applique, but can be hand stitched too.
Templates are for the final size of the sail panels.
Templates are for use by official departments, programs and projects associated with the college.
Templates are forms of sorts that guide users through the process of providing information.
Templates are forms used to enter data.
Templates are groups of services, designed to work together for common tasks.
Templates are helpful in calculating cuts for sinks and cook tops.
Templates are HTML files that are inserted into the results screen for each matching entry.
Templates are html files that the script reads in and uses to display content.
Templates are ideal for new inexperienced users.
Templates are imperative to maintaining the standard look and feel of the web site.
Templates are in Excel format.
Templates are in the format of .pot.
Templates are keyword driven.
Templates are like a cookie cutter which can cut out cookies.
Templates are like pre-designed forms.
Templates are models for documents that are used repetitively.
Templates are models.
Templates are new.
Templates are no longer available.
Templates are now much more convenient to both manage and use.
Templates are of 'final' size of the panels.
Templates are often easy to program.
Templates are out.
Templates are page outlines.
Templates are patterns that provide structure.
Templates are powerful for two reasons.
Templates are powerful tools that save time and decrease the number of mistakes in documents.
Templates are pre-created layouts for a slide.
Templates are pre-designed slides to make the creation process easier or to save time.
Templates are pre-designed worksheets without number values.
Templates are really cool.
Templates are simple to use.
Templates are special files that have a .DOT extension.
Templates are special files that have a .WPT extension and are stored in particular directory areas.
Templates are the answer.
Templates are the building blocks of documents.
Templates are the heart of the system.
Templates are the key to reuse of parallel code.
Templates are to the left of it and triangles on the right in old phonograph record racks.
Templates are ubiquitous in nature and essential in many biological processes.
Templates are uploaded to the servlet directory on the web server.
Templates are used within pages to provide the same message over and over again.
Templates are useful for entire page designs.
Templates are useful for simple classes as well as links or attributes.
Templates are useful for standardizing slide shows and adding consistency.
Templates are very powerful tools.
Templates are very useful to create generic types, e.g. typesafe containers.
Templates are well-structured, documented algorithms to solve key computational problems.
Templates attach to particular nodes of the XML document.
Templates automatically personalize themselves.
Templates base on facts.
Templates base on scientific facts.
Templates below are HTML files which already contain standard color schemes and graphics links.
Templates can also be useful in making assertions about the mapping of dummy arguments.
Templates can also produce pages that serve a database.
Templates can also provide a listing of responses to be chosen at random.
Templates can also replace paper handouts.
Templates can also treat content as plain text and print it to the implicit out variable.
Templates can be a great tool to help students get started.
Templates can be inter mixed.
Templates can be normal HTML files if no processing is required.
Templates can be quite elaborate or very simple.
Templates can be useful both for saving time and giving some layout ideas.
Templates can define reusable text.
Templates can have any number of parameters.
Templates can have either a one or two page format.
Templates can have multiple approval levels and dollar amount limits.
Templates can have subtemplates.
Templates can have tags, extended tags and options.
Templates can help enforce the consistent deployment of rule changes.
Templates can help generate consistent interfaces.
Templates can help keep the content and page layout separate.
Templates can include as much or as little structure as desired.
Templates can include other templates.
Templates can only declare classes or functions.
Templates can reduce the creation of many web pages to cut and paste.
Templates can save time, especially when first starting.
Templates can simplify the work of a programmer but only at a price.
Templates Check out our example course in Blackboard.
Templates Click on a template and view source to see how it was done.
Templates Click on an image for a full size view.
Templates come in a variety of colors.
Templates come in all formats, shapes, and sizes.
Templates come with full instructions and ideas.
Templates contain all graphics that are viewing on that template.
Templates contain an HTML page and all necessary jar files.
Templates contain html and tags delimited by double percent characters and a bracket.
Templates contain special tags that are replaced by the values in a variable or a database field.
Templates contain specific background colors, fonts, font colors and bullet styles.
Templates control the appearance of a seismogram plot.
Templates control the appearance of all pages.
Templates cover courses, payments, grading, and communication.
Templates Create and save master documents with text and formatting information.
Templates Create new files based on templates stored in the Templates directory.
Templates Creates a new document from the template.
Templates customize scanned areas on a page.
Templates define a series of events comprising a trial.
Templates define families of related classes or functions.
Templates define standard instrument operation modes and configurations.
Templates define the look of the generated pages.
Templates describe the behaviour of event handlers.
Templates eliminate data entry and avoids data entry errors.
Templates Eliminate the mystery behind templates.
Templates enable design changes to a class of pages without having to manually edit each one.
Templates enable staff to create standard quotations with minimal keystrokes.
Templates ensure that all content fits into the standard format of a company's Web pages.
Templates exist for documents ranging from envelopes to chapters.
Templates exist for mailing labels, form letters, tabular reports and other standard forms.
Templates export their blocks.
Templates Get up and running quickly with audit and tax binder templates.
Templates give incorrect assemble code.
Templates give the web designer the ability to develop consistent designs for a web site.
Templates have kinds.
Templates have names, and different templates are used to define different types of objects.
Templates help beginners write their first homepage.
Templates help facilitate strong type checking.
Templates help spark the creative process and ease personalizing a site.
Templates help the user quick-start a project.
Templates improve maintainability and speeds development time.
Templates include methods.
Templates make formatting simpler.
Templates make it easy to create quizzes, flash cards, and matching, memory, and word games.
Templates make it easy to drop in corporate logos and eye-catching graphics.
Templates make it so easy to generate programs with a consistent look and feel.
Templates make simple projects super-fast .
Templates offer a solution to the problem of writing reusable code.
Templates offer solid curricular ideas.
Templates offer sophisticated control of macros.
Templates offer three significant advantages.
Templates offer three significant properties.
Templates pages directory.
Templates provide a convenient way of encapsulating the project standard.
Templates provide a means to build new kinds of objects dynamically.
Templates provide a powerful way to create instructionally sound lessons quickly.
Templates provide a starting point for a new drawing.
Templates provide a way to write generic routines and classes once.
Templates provide access to common scales and units.
Templates provide clear instructions directly on each work page.
Templates provide detail instruction.
Templates provide for interoperability of manufacturers of similar devices with control points.
Templates provide instruction.
Templates provide powerful compile-time polymorphism.
Templates provide several important benefits, as explained below.
Templates provide skeletons for documents such as memos and reports.
Templates reduce and enormous time commitment.
Templates remove the time needed to search and add the same items over and over again.
Templates Rendering pages through templates provides a consistent look.
Templates save our developers from doing lots of repetitive tasks.
Templates save significant development time.
Templates save time and increase the precision of topological overlays .
Templates save time and produce uniform products.
Templates save time.
Templates simplify data collection and monitoring tasks.
Templates simplify the entire content creation process, which is managed through the Web.
Templates simply repeat the analysis that was thought relevant in years past.
Templates solve all manner of problems.
Templates specify the layout of the page separately from the dynamic content of the page.
Templates speed the creation of a website for the beginner.
Templates speed the creation of job postings.
Templates speed up and ease development of Web pages, calendars, badges and other printed items.
Templates speed up any design and production process.
Templates start with a page of information about the authors.
Templates trade additional compile time and link time overhead for improved run time efficiency.
Templates use form fields, which facilitate navigation, and areprotected.
Templates use the file extension .cfm.
Templates Using templates to save time, get creative.
Templates work hierarchically, like other directives.
Templates usually require special software to run and don t have the ability to handle calculations.
All templates allow the use of prefix and suffix modifiers.
All templates are customizable by the user.
All templates are in stock and available for immediate shipment.
All templates are in zipped files.
All templates are javascript based and are free to download.
All templates are regular HTML with markup code inserted in the form of .
All templates are the same except for the close button.
All templates have a .DOT extension and are stored in special folder areas.
All templates have a .WPT extension and are stored in special directory areas.
All templates have a .WPT extension and are stored in special folder areas.
All templates have a preset color scheme and master.
All templates have seam allowance included.
All templates includes unique rule bars, buttons, bullets, headers, icons, and backgrounds.
All templates listed below are single files.
All templates require a toilet paper roll to complete.
All templates require some level of experience with html.
Every template includes all the elements for building a web site in no time flat.
Every template is a separate copy of data defining the look of elements.
Every template is designed to import data directly from Agent contact or listing data.
Many templates are based upon it , like .
Many templates are based upon it, like .
Most templates are free.
Most templates have image size guidelines, check the enlargement page for details.
Most templates have kinds.
Most templates provide detail instruction.
Most templates provide instruction.
Most templates require parameters, which are passed using the with-param element.
Most templates save significant development time.
Most templates save time.
Most templates shown on the site are available for purchase.
Some templates also contain suggested text for specific subjects and occasions.
Some templates are available, but are still subject to minor changes, so use with caution.
Some templates are blank.
Some templates are more complete than others.
Some templates are more difficult than others to adapt.
Some templates automatically place the page where it is used into a category.
Some templates can fit on a pen or even the magnetic stripe on a credit card.
Some templates have programs, such as an optimizer or simulator.
Some templates have sorts.
Some templates have two while others only have one.
Some templates receive a ship for free.
Some templates take places.
Templated queries contain tokens that represent tree node path values.
Templates files are in an .inf format, readable in any text editor.
Temple buildings allow fresh air to pass through so the energy is always present within.
Temple festivals are a special attraction of the state.
Temple festivals are guide by purification by the sprinkling of holy water.
Temple festivals occur all year round .
Temple Valley is directly below.
All temple work is binding only if it is willingly accepted by the spirits of deceased individuals.
A temple is house of worship
Temple isa building.
Temple muses as to whether the new group is here to stay or an ephemeral passion born of youth.
Temples are a necessary part of their culture.
Temples are a vision of the world in miniature.
Temples are also important in urban areas.
Temples are always roofless.
Temples are beautiful in the snow.
Temples are buildings.
Temples are crashingly dull.
Temples are dark, scary places.
Temples are endlessly fascinating.
Temples are features.
Temples are houses of fasting.
Temples are houses of worship.
Temples are juicy and easy to section.
Temples are located in chinas.
Temples are located in cities.
Temples are located in middle easts.
Temples are memorial buildings, sanctuaries for the gods, and centers of faith for believers.
Temples are part of heads.
Temples are places for prayers, offerings, singing and teaching.
Temples are places of personal revelation.
Temples are places of worship and the residences of monks and nuns.
Temples are places of worship.
Temples are places.
Temples are significant for numerous reasons.
Temples are such places.
Temples are the clue to the age of the spectacles in most cases.
Temples are the highlight of the site.
Temples are tricky places, sometimes to be avoided.
Temples are unique among all buildings. . . .
Temples are used for beauty.
Temples are used for places of worship.
Temples are used for prayer.
Temples are used for religion.
Temples are used for religious activities.
Temples are used for religious ceremony.
Temples are used for worship.
Temples are used for worshippings.
Temples are usuaby dedicated to one or two deities whose images can be found in the main hall.
Temples are where marriages and other special rituals are performed.
Temples assure that the power dwells in city or country.
Temples built of sandalwood centuries ago still emit the scent of the wood.
Temples differ from more common meeting halls used for regular weekly worship.
Temples distribute sweets.
Temples do share a few basic characteristics, however.
Temples Enter the name abbreviation of the temple where the ordinance was performed.
Temples fill the city with color and spirit.
Temples gently hug the head so lenses stay aligned.
Temples have (part) bases.
Temples have (part) boilers.
Temples have (part) ceilings.
Temples have (part) courtyards.
Temples have (part) doorknobs.
Temples have (part) doorsteps.
Temples have (part) elevator cars.
Temples have (part) elevators.
Temples have (part) floors.
Temples have (part) foundation stones.
Temples have (part) foyers.
Temples have (part) hinges.
Temples have (part) interior doors.
Temples have (part) readsides.
Temples have (part) roof peaks.
Temples have (part) roofs.
Temples have (part) room light.
Temples have (part) sections.
Temples have (part) staircases.
Temples have (part) stairs.
Temples have (part) storeys.
Temples have (part) walls.
Temples have (part) window frames.
Temples have (part) windowpanes.
Temples have (part) windows.
Temples have a lot of sects.
Temples have a reinforced metal core.
Temples have a sweet-tart flavor that can substitute for oranges or mandarins in most recipes.
Temples have adjustable length.
Temples have ample facilities.
Temples have roofs.
Temples is the line-up furthest south, way out the back.
Temples link the past with the present and give a vision of the future.
Temples listed in italics are under construction.
Temples produce monthly income in offerings from devoted followers in the nearby countryside.
Temples strengthen our spirits and are places of refuge and peace.
Temples tend to be surrounded by small shops that sell sacred and secular items.
Temples typically perform such a ritual on the god's birthday each year, without a lot of fanfare.
Temples often become landmarks in the communities where they are built and add beauty to the area.
All temples derive their orientation from the mountains and the sea.
All temples have some degree of organized information about marriages and members of committees.
All temples have the entrance in the east.
Every temple can boast of something unique.
Every temple is a doomed house.
Every temple is also a house of peace.
Many temples are very close to each other which makes for perfect walking tours.
Many temples discriminate, as do restaurants.
Many temples have a pair of such statues at the entrance.
Many temples have beautiful gardens of hydrangeas.
Many temples now offer a range of interesting programs.
Many temples omit the second one, and some have only the first and last.
Many temples serve vegetarian food and hold candle light processions on the auspicious day.
More temples are under construction and being planned than ever before.
Most temples charge less than two dollars American, and museums are less than a buck.
Most Temples have excellent programs to raise funds for fraternal use.
Most temples have roofs.
Some temples accommodate tourists and offers interesting Buddhist experience.
Some temples also have a hall or mandap from where one can reach the sanctum sanctorum.
Some temples are comparatively accessible.
Some temples decorate the Torah scrolls with wreaths of roses.
Some temples exist openly in society, posing as Satanic cults, but most hide in the shadows.
Some temples have a hall or mandap from where one can reach the sanctum sanctorum.
Some temples have one or several tall, multi-roofed shrines, called rneru , that resemble pagodas.
Some temples offer lodging for travelers, and they can be another cheap option.
Tempo primo returns with the trumpet playing the solo then tutti to the end.
A tempo is time
TEMPo can also integrate with third party event correlation products.
Tempo encourages patience as dishes are prepared to order.
Tempo runs and interval workouts are for building lactate threshold.
Tempo starts slow, goes all over the place.
Tempos are chemical compounds.
Tempos are companies.
Tempos are lively, the band theatrical, and nostalgia fills the air.
Tempos are rates.
Tempos range from medium to upbeat.
Temporal age is a rather trivial matter which often has no relevance to the person in question.
Temporal animation can also deal with time aggregates, for instance display weekly cycles.
Temporal animations show change over time and can also be created with the program.
Temporal arteritis causes the arteries in the temple area of the forehead to become swollen.
Temporal arteritis is a chronic inflammatory disease of the large arteries.
Temporal arteritis is a symptom
Temporal arteritis is an inflammation of artery walls that can impede blood flow.
Temporal arteritis is an inflammation of the arteries in the head, forehead and scalp.
Temporal arteritis is important to recognize in elderly patients with headache.
Temporal arteritis is inflammation of an artery near the temple.
Temporal arteritis is seen on biopsy from an elderly woman.
Temporal authority is always limited and never omnipotent.
Temporal balance is necessary.
A temporal bone is a bone
Temporal bones are inferior to the parietal bones on both sides of the skull.
Temporal catastrophe is the likely result.
Temporal changes reflect changes in the geodynamo.
Temporal characteristics refer to how long the exposure continued.
Temporal coherence implies synchronous changes over time.
Temporal coherence is measured by a coherence time, which is roughly the inverse of bandwidth.
Temporal cohesion is stronger than logical cohesion for reasons implicit in the above discussion.
Temporal comparisons attempt to explain why political systems change.
Temporal components can create more niches.
Temporal compression can yield significant data reduction.
Temporal compression is enabled by activating key frames.
Temporal concepts considered include the clock, calendar, historical time, and chronology.
Temporal continuity is enforced by two methods.
Temporal correlations are concerned with the timing between media objects, such as synchronization.
Temporal coverage extends from the early sixteenth-century to the present.
Temporal coverage is superb, and the list of retrievable variables is extensive.
Temporal crescents are the only area in the entire visual field that is seen monocularly.
Temporal databases deal with the storage and manipulation of data about time.
Temporal databases provide a uniform and systematic way of dealing with historical data.
Temporal data is considered one-dimensional and has two arrays associated with it.
Temporal difference learning updates the evaluation function weights.
All temporal dimension is lost.
Temporal dislocation can be cruel like that.
Temporal disorientation is an unwanted side effect of modern life.
Temporal distribution is spotty.
Temporal dynamics reveal multiple mechanisms of brightness perception.
Temporal factors influence nest survival.
Temporal factors influence survival.
Most temporal factors influence nest survival.
Temporal faith is faith for a particular situation or circumstance.
Temporal fenestra are large holes in the side of the skull.
Temporal fibers remain uncrossed and pass directly through to the ipsilateral optic tract.
Temporal formalisms are necessary to describe architectures and their evolution.
Temporal frequency is a natural and fundamental aspect of the electromagnetic field.
Temporal gain becomes eternal loss.
Temporal generalization increases the dimensionality of the problem space.
Some temporal glands are behind eyes.
Temporal hours divide each period of daylight and darkness into twelve equal parts.
Temporal insider dealing, that's what it is.
Temporal interpolation is performed by averaging.
Temporal isolation occurs if the reproductive cycles of organisms occurs at different times.
Temporal isolation occurs when species breed at different times.
Temporal life is fundamentally and ultimately insecure.
Temporal life is short.
A temporal lobe is a lobe
Temporal lobes receive and process auditory information.
Temporal lobectomy continues to be the most common surgery performed.
Temporal lobectomy is the most common type of epilepsy surgery.
Temporal locality applies when writes to the same thing happen close together in time.
Temporal logic can be more expressive.
Temporal logic is obtained by adding temporal connectives to a logic language.
Temporal logic provides a simple paradigm for event scheduling.
Temporal logics are extensions of classical logic, with operators that deal with time.
Temporal manipulation is achieved by either the slider of by playback controls.
Temporal monitoring reveals composition changes as a function of season and climate.
Temporal objects are objects that span a linear dimension.
Temporal openings allow the jaw muscles to be longer and larger.
Temporal organization is a characteristic feature of all living systems.
Temporal pain is defined as acute or chronic, nonmalignant pain.
Temporal pain is sudden, beginning and subsiding with tissue improvement.
Temporal phase affects spatial binding in depth perception.
Temporal power is also always superior to ecclesiastical power.
Temporal prediction is a difficult problem faced in most human endeavours.
Temporal projection is an essential component of realtime planning.
Temporal provincialism is a vulgar conviction that current ways of doing things are normative.
Temporal punishment is something very much too ignored by many.
Temporal punishment persists even in death.
Temporal relationships refer to the time between exposure and the onset of symptoms.
Temporal requirements constitute the distinguishing characteristic of real-time systems.
Temporal resolution depends on bit rate and bit assignment.
Temporal resolution is a minute and a half.
Temporal resolution is also important for the experimental verification of radiative models.
Temporal resolution is obtained with fast electronics or pulsed light.
Temporal resolution is provided by backlight duration.
Temporal resolution is the age of the data and the frequency the data can be collected.
Temporal resolution varies from one second to one day depending on the process simulated.
Temporal schemes distribute over the four basic domains.
Temporal segmentation is a major task in video production and content-based handling.
Temporal segmentation is defined as a context switch detected by a switching of attention.
Temporal sensitivity refers to our response to timing of visual signals.
Temporal structure refers to scheduled activities and time lapse between activities.
Temporal summation ceases beyond the temporal integration time.
Temporal summation involves the activation of multiple sensory nerve fibers.
Temporal uncertainties arise from the assumption that systems are stable in time.
Temporal variability is again quite obvious.
Temporal variability is shown by plots from different months and different years.
Temporal variation is modeled by allowing the regression coefficients to change through time.
A temporality is a property
Temporality means duality.
Temporary absences are absences which are thirty days or less.
Temporary absences are sometimes available from the provincial director.
Temporary abstinence is called the rhythm method of birth control.
Temporary access is better than none at all.
Temporary accommodation is available in the following on-campus residential colleges.
Temporary accommodations become available.
Temporary accounts are also subject to payment in advance of service.
Temporary accounts are available for Public access to court systems that are in beta testing.
Temporary adhesive is available upon request at no additional charge.
Temporary agencies are similar hubs.
Temporary agencies have the training and the jobs and the benefits.
Temporary agencies report great difficulty in finding workers.
Some temporary agencies go further than the legal requirements.
Temporary agreements are also an option.
Temporary apartments are hard to find.
All temporary appointees are eligible to participate in the Tax Sheltered Annuity program.
All temporary appointments are limited to one year at a time.
Most temporary appointments are for one semester or one academic year.
Temporary approval is given pending committee revisions.
Temporary approval permits the course to be taught for one full academic year only.
Temporary art is a growing trend.
Temporary arthritis is one of the uncommon side effects of rubella vaccination.
Temporary artwork is placed within an outdoor sculpture garden that is paved with crushed stone.
Temporary assignments are limited to one year at same pay.
Temporary assignments are primarily administrative.
Temporary assignments are primarily limited to central Arkansas while searches extend nationwide.
Temporary assignments are the cornerstone of our business.
Temporary assignments range in duration from a few hours to a maximum of six months.
Many temporary assignments lead directly to permanent work.
Most temporary assignments are just that-temporary.
Temporary asylum is granted for up to a year, with the possibility of extension.
Temporary attractions occur when the electrons are uunevenly dispersed throughout the molecule.
Temporary bands are the lowest cost alternative for any type of event.
Temporary banners identify a specific exhibition.
Temporary benefits begin after seven calendar days of disability.
Temporary bleachers are in use for the current football season.
Temporary bliss is vane, vane.
Temporary borrowers are limited to two items per check-out.
Temporary brackets locate the deck while it cures.
Temporary buildings are full.
Temporary buildings are necessary due to costs.
Temporary cards are also available for emergencies.
Temporary cards are also available free of charge based on special circumstances.
Temporary cards are available to people who are renting in the catchment area.
Temporary cards are available.
Temporary cards are valid for three days.
All temporary cards expire at the end of six months.
Temporary center is open to the public.
Temporary certifications are available and valid for six months from the date of issuance.
Temporary changes are rampant.
Temporary changes become more difficult.
Temporary checks are available at our Oakland office.
Temporary checks are unacceptable.
Temporary child care for children with disabilities and chronically ill children.
Temporary colostomy allows a newly reconstructed rectum to heal completely.
Some temporary conditions necessitate temporary restraint.
Temporary constitution replace the old constitution.
Temporary contracts are common, so self-employment or freelance work is possible.
Temporary contracts are to be used for exempt temporary employees only.
Temporary contracts have a significant negative impact on hourly wage.
Temporary contractors offer flexibility and convenience.
Temporary courses are new courses.
Temporary credentials expire within two to four weeks.
Temporary dams fill with water.
Most temporary dams fill with water.
Temporary data is stored in a variable.
Temporary debt is better than chronic unemployment.
Temporary designations are designations assigned by the observer for new or unidentified objects.
Temporary dialysis can remove excess waste and fluids.
Temporary differences can also give rise to deductible amounts and deferred tax assets.
Temporary directives can be bulletins, notices, guides or circulars.
Temporary disability is only payable when the injured employee is within the healing period.
Temporary disability is the period prior to when an individual is declared permanent and stationary.
Temporary disability is withheld from the employee's gross earnings.
Temporary disability leave often is used in combination with parental leave.
Temporary discomfort is the price of freedom.
Temporary display celebrates sports as envisioned by a variety of artists.
Temporary displays cover a wide variety of interests.
Temporary dizziness is quite possible.
Temporary docking is available for visitors.
Temporary docking loops Provide access for quick tie-up.
Many temporary doctors find easy to use with minimal training.
Temporary drivers are professionals too.
Temporary duty has great flexibility in designing work to meet the doctor s restrictions.
Most temporary dyes work by simply coating the hair.
Temporary easements are also adequate for gradual back-slopes in residential areas.
Temporary emergency guardianships.
Temporary employees are eligible for injury leave and civil leave.
Temporary employees are eligible for transfer at any time.
Temporary employees are ineligible for benefits.
Temporary employees are ineligible for holiday benefits.
Temporary employees are ineligible for sick leave benefits.
Temporary employees are ineligible for vacation benefits.
Temporary employees are ineligible to receive paid sick leave.
Temporary employees are now available at peak times.
Temporary employees are often reluctant to exercise their rights for fear of reprisal.
Temporary employees are responsible for ensuring that their time sheets are submitted to our office.
Temporary employees can step in to fill a number of needs.
Temporary employees choose when, where and how they work.
Temporary employees do have many of the same rights as any other worker.
Temporary employees gain work experience and meet potential employers.
Temporary employees have collective bargaining rights.
Temporary employees have lower pay and status in an organization.
Temporary employees have no continuing status.
Temporary employees have no entitlement to such benefits.
Temporary employees have no seniority, grievance, or appeal privileges.
Temporary employees perform work that usually is limited in duration.
Temporary employees receive a permit valid for the length of their appointment.
Temporary employees receive a temporary permit for the period of their appointment.
Temporary employees receive no holiday pay.
Temporary employees receive no leave benefits.
Temporary employees retain that status unless and until notified of a change.
Temporary employees use a similar form for monthly pay periods.
Temporary employees use the regular application process.
Temporary employees work for an agency that takes care of all their payroll and insurance needs.
Temporary employees working more than three months are eligible for health insurance.
All temporary employees are eligible with payroll checks.
Many temporary employees find permanent positions at their assignments.
Some temporary employees earn more than their permanent counterparts.
Temporary employment is a buoyant area at present.
Temporary employment is excluded in determining years of service.
Temporary employment is likely to be the most applicable here.
Temporary employment is perceived as very beneficial.
Temporary employment visas for nurses.
All temporary enactments expire with the term of the executive board.
Temporary entry is defined as entry without the intent to establish permanent residence.
Temporary entry is permitted for exhibition or demonstration purposes.
Temporary euphoria reigns as the political paradigm is upset.
Temporary evaluation is done in the school to allow for course registration.
Temporary exhibits are an ally.
Temporary exhibits change periodically.
Temporary exhibits change regularly.
Temporary exhibits change three times per year.
Temporary exhibits cover a wide spectrum of subjects of special interest.
Temporary exhibits feature historical themes in art, regional cultures and local artists.
Temporary exhibits focus on significant periods and artists in the history of American art.
Temporary exhibits focus on specialized aspects of life during that time.
Temporary exhibits offer insights into other facets of rural life.
Temporary exhibits show everything from photography and paintings to poems and handicrafts.
Many temporary exhibits are also available for viewing.
Temporary exhibitions are a good opportunity to attract young people.
Temporary exhibitions bring out numerous different aspects via art, craftsmanship and photographs.
Temporary exhibitions change four times a year.
Temporary exhibitions change regularly.
Temporary exhibitions complement the permanent exhibit.
Temporary exhibitions deal with a range of American naval themes.
Temporary exhibitions demand consideration of racism, anti-semitism etc.
Temporary exhibitions feature shows of art-historical importance and diverse media.
Temporary exhibitions provide new attractions and areas of interest.
Temporary exhibitions reinforce the strength of the collection and support instructional programs.
Temporary exhibitions take up the rest of the space.
Some temporary exhibitions benefit from extended opening hours.
Temporary facilities are available during racing events.
Temporary facilities are available.
Temporary faculty are in the most difficulty of all, living from contract to contract.
Temporary faculty comprise fourteen percent of total faculty.
Temporary faculty have no obligation to assume graduate committee duties.
Temporary faculty is a misnomer as many continue year after year.
Temporary fees are for current semester only, no matter when fee was paid.
Temporary fences are available for games when shorter distances are required.
Temporary fences are intended for use over a period of a few weeks or months.
Temporary file is made for example of all video repairs in the system.
Temporary files are a simple solution, but a messy one.
Temporary files are available only for the current session of the program.
Temporary files contain mostly temporary information.
Some temporary files are pictures of entire Web pages.
Temporary fix is to add three carriage returns right after the last line that prints.
Temporary fixes are rampant in the golfers world.
Temporary floaters assist in the lowering of the platform to the seabed.
Temporary folders scanning.
Temporary food stand permitting and inspection.
Temporary forums relating to timely issues also appear.
Temporary funds are available for a one-time use only.
Temporary funding is extended to provide meals to children left homeless in a declared disaster.
Temporary gifts are always a plus.
Temporary groups do form.
Temporary groups have lifespan of three calendar years.
Temporary guests are welcome to stay and use all facilities.
Temporary hardness is determined by the concentration of carbonate and bicarbonate.
Temporary homes are in the background.
Temporary hosepipe bans.
Temporary housing accommodates more students than traditional dorm rooms.
Temporary housing fills the gap.
Temporary housing has to be found for displaced tenants.
Temporary housing is available at local hotels and motels and rooms in private homes.
Temporary housing is available for students attending the International Student Orientation.
Temporary housing is available for students who arrive before the residence halls open.
Temporary housing is based on employee needs.
Temporary housing is based on experience, national presence, and service performance history.
Temporary housing is located in a credible area.
Temporary housing is provided by current international students and local American families.
Temporary housing is provided during the search.
Some temporary housing is available for new arrivals and visitors.
Temporary huts are a resting place for many during harvest time.
Temporary impairments receive a hang tag that is valid for one year from the date of issuance.
Temporary improvements happen, but soon enough the old status quo is back.
Temporary incapacity means more than a mere fleeting, short-lived or brief incapacity.
Temporary incontinence can last several weeks to a few months.
Temporary insanity is real.
Temporary installation celebrates sports as envisioned by a variety of artists.
Temporary installations offer another means of re-addressing the way art is exhibited on the campus.
Temporary inundation occurs primarily in response to precipitation-runoff events.
Temporary issuances expire within l year, unless given an earlier expiration date.
Temporary jobs are job positions.
Temporary jobs are more common in the public than in the private sector.
Temporary jobs are very competitive.
Temporary jobs provide an opportunity to earn money, gain experience, and make networking contacts.
Many temporary jobs become permanent full-time.
Many temporary jobs become permanent.
Temporary judges act under the same rules as constitutional trial judges.
Temporary judges are attorneys who are members of the State Bar of California.
Temporary labor is advertised to potential workers as flexible employment.
Temporary layoffs represent a relatively large proportion of total layoffs.
Temporary leases are one time, or short-term uses of space.
Temporary levees are in place.
Temporary librarians accrue vacation in accordance with established procedures.
Temporary licenses are always of limited duration and often contain other restrictions.
Temporary licenses make investment in the industry more risky and less rewarding.
Temporary licensees are one of the most obvious indicators of shortage.
Any temporary licensees indicate a shortage.
Temporary lodging has a few pet rooms, but are on a first come, first serve basis.
Temporary lots become permanent and there's a sense of loss when they're removed.
Temporary magnets have poles as well.
Temporary magnets take on the properties of a magnet if they are touching something magnetic.
Temporary marks indicates message operations.
Temporary markets spring up where thousands of goats are brought for sale.
Temporary marriage is a conditional marriage.
Temporary members pay full cost for meals and beverages.
Temporary membership is available at all the golf clubs in and around Johannesburg.
Temporary membership is available to travellers.
Temporary membership is available with many of the rental properties.
Temporary memberships are available for one-time use.
Temporary memberships are available for short events.
Temporary memberships are available to purchase alcoholic beverages.
Temporary memberships are available to visitors who are here for more than a few days.
Temporary memberships are available.
Temporary menu is done.
Temporary migrants can cause large swings in population size.
Temporary moorings are available from the above.
Temporary motions are just that temporary.
Temporary notices are to be removed by the permittee upon completion of construction.
Temporary objects are temporary .
Temporary objects introduce the idea that objects have a limited lifetime.
Temporary order means a temporary order for protection against domestic violence.
Temporary orders aim to give a window for escape.
Temporary parking hang tags are available to any campus visitors.
Temporary parking is assigned based on the lot for which the purchased decal is valid.
Temporary parking is limited to deliveries only.
Temporary parking is on the grass area next to the pole barn.
Temporary parking permits for surface parking areas are available on a limited basis.
Temporary Parking Permits Students Click the thumbnail to enlarge.
Temporary partitions enclose areas which remain to be finished so the interior work can proceed.
Temporary passes are available for instances in which the primary vehicle is unavailable for use.
Temporary passes are valid for up to four weeks during a semester.
Some temporary pasture has values.
Temporary payments refer to once off payments, for example, holiday loading and overtime.
Temporary permit expires upon notification of failure to pass exam.
Temporary permits are also available.
Temporary permits are available at no charge to permit holders.
Temporary permits are available at the Reception desk when patients check-in.
Temporary permits are available for a limited time period.
Temporary permits are available for short-term use.
Temporary permits are available for special circumstances.
Temporary permits are available for students and temporary workers.
Temporary permits are available for students, parents and visitors.
Temporary permits are available from the department.
Temporary permits are available to persons with temporary disabilities.
Temporary permits are available to persons with temporary mobility problems or vision impairment.
Temporary permits are for less than two weeks and are free of charge.
Temporary permits are valid for six months and can be extended for an additional six months.
Temporary permits are valid for the duration of the specific events as specified on the application.
Temporary permits are valid for visitor spaces only.
All temporary permits require documentation.
Temporary personnel are also available for industrial managers internally driven projects.
Temporary personnel can be an invaluable tool during peak times, vacations, recruiting periods, etc.
All temporary personnel receive a full brief on working environment, practices and company culture.
All temporary personnel undergo a detailed and comprehensive selection process.
Temporary placards are also available for short-term disabilities.
Temporary placards are good for a maximum of six months.
Temporary placards are red in color and expire on the date prescribed by the doctor.
Temporary placements are available, but most of our roommate matches last one to three years.
Temporary placements resulting in permanent positions are also a possibility.
Temporary pleasures bring guilt, shame and unhappiness.
Temporary ponds are often well populated.
Temporary pools are excellent breeding grounds for frogs, toads and salamanders.
Temporary pools develop where water is shallow and sediment inputs are low.
Temporary pools form ideal breeding places for species that can develop fast.
Temporary pools formed by spring overflow of rivers and streams can be very productive.
Temporary poops are quite frequent and quite short.
Temporary population can be even trickier to estimate than permanent population.
Temporary position carries no benefits.
Temporary position is eligible for limited career benefits.
Temporary positions are a great way to get job experience.
Temporary positions are a means of working flexibly, for both the jobseeker and the company.
Temporary positions are also available for attorneys with practice experience.
Temporary positions are also available.
Temporary positions are assignments for a specific, time-limited duration.
Temporary positions are for a maximum of one-year duration or less.
Temporary positions are frequently very urgent.
Temporary positions are great ways to break into a new field.
Temporary positions are in contrast to regular, recurring, established, ongoing, budgeted positions.
Temporary positions are often available.
Temporary positions are sometimes available.
Temporary positions can be ideal for different types of people in different stages of their careers.
Temporary positions can last anywhere from one day to permanent positions.
Temporary positions continue through the summer.
Temporary positions mean the source of funding is terminating.
Temporary positions offer our employees the opportunity to keep their skills sharp.
All temporary positions require the establishment of an assignment end date.
Many temporary positions turn into direct-hire positions.
Some temporary positions lead to permanent employment.
Temporary profession lasts from three to six years.
Temporary project working is available.
Temporary quarters are available on arrival.
Temporary records are unable to be input.
Temporary records are usually in the form of a diary or daybook.
Temporary recruitment is an extension of outsourcing.
Temporary refuge is no longer an option.
Temporary registration is available to general and reciprocity applicants.
Temporary registrations are valid for the dates specified on the registration certificate.
Temporary relief is obtained by making a colostomy proximal to the obstruction.
Some temporary relief is included in the bill with a two-year delay on the caps.
Temporary relocation expenses.
Temporary relocation is when the family moves out of the home while the owner makes it lead-safe.
Temporary rentals are expensive and hard to find, especially for families with school-age children.
Some temporary sensitivity is the only side effect experienced by our customers.
Temporary service is an on-campus employment program for students.
Temporary services are particularly effective.
Many temporary services offer programs designed to attract older adults.
Temporary shelter is available for battered persons and their children.
Temporary shelter is available for battered women and their children.
Temporary shelter is available for victims of domestic violence and their children.
Temporary shelter is given to any young woman in distress.
Temporary shelter is provided for homeless families with children.
Temporary shelter provides shades.
Temporary shelters are available in most areas.
Temporary shelters are available in most communities for victims of family violence.
Temporary shelters are available to help families work through a crisis situation.
Temporary shelters offer emergency help and a safe haven for teens and families in crisis .
Temporary shelters provide little or no mosquito protection.
Most temporary shelter provides shades.
Temporary shocks are of secondary importance.
Temporary shops spring up at the fair and cater to the needs of the visitors.
Temporary sign permits.
Temporary signs are especially difficult to manage.
Temporary signs encourage swimmers to bring their belongings onto the pool deck to prevent theft.
Temporary signs point out wildflowers and plants in season.
Temporary signals are now in place at the intersection.
Temporary site includes info about the book, the author, and links to other sites.
Temporary slavery is, after all, better than permanent slavery.
Temporary slips are available for use by all classes of membership but are limited to day use only.
Temporary solutions become permanent.
Temporary solutions look mighty appealing however, considering how much permanent solutions cost.
Temporary space is needed for one attorney during construction.
Temporary speed limits Temporary speed limits are mainly used to protect track maintenance area.
Temporary staff can also make it possible to produce special studies on schedule.
Temporary staff can fill gaps in an organisation for periods ranging from a day to several months.
Temporary staff is employed to meet specific needs on a short term ad hoc basis.
Temporary staff require training before becoming involved in seclusion.
Temporary stands sell traditional eggs, pussy willows and crafts.
Temporary station is full operational.
Temporary station is fully operational.
Temporary status is used by instructors in two ways.
Temporary storage is for a period of less than one year.
Temporary storage is needed for the temporary table space.
Temporary storage is of the liquid chocolate is necessary.
Temporary storage is used the most often.
Temporary storage occurs in the crop where food and calcium carbonate are mixed.
Temporary storage provides storage for infrequent, short-term needs.
Temporary storage requires careful management and temporary storage is, well, temporary.
Some temporary storage is just a little TOO temporary.
Temporary structures built of tar paper, wood and composition materials offer constant fire hazard.
Some temporary structures require a permit.
Temporary support is provided to prevent uncontrolled collapse.
Temporary support is that amount ordered for the pendency of the divorce action.
Temporary support terminates upon divorce.
Temporary tables can hurt performance.
Temporary tattoos are also an excellent fundraiser for charities.
Temporary tattoos are another fine example of airbrush diversity.
Temporary tattoos are available in a large variety of images, colors, and sizes.
Temporary tattoos are available wherever toys are sold.
Temporary tattoos are easy.
Temporary tattoos are one way teenagers can enjoy the fun of body art without the pain.
Temporary tattoos are the hot promotional item for both kids and young adults.
Temporary technicians are available by the hour or by the day for projects and upgrades.
Temporary tonics can only aggravate the condition.
Temporary transfer is also available with an unrestricted licence.
Temporary treatment involves clipping of the affected teeth and proper mineral supplementation.
Temporary triples are double rooms that are temporarily tripled.
Temporary use is fine.
Temporary use means use for a period that is less than the useful life of the digital product.
Temporary use permits.
Temporary valve is closed and the line stop equipment is removed.
Temporary variables differ from attributes in that no history of their values is kept.
Temporary variables set in loops display extra characters.
Temporary visas are usually tourist visas good for six months, though they can be extended.
Temporary vows are for three years and involve continued study of the monastic heritage.
Temporary wall collapses injuring pedestrian .
Temporary walls located within the gallery also allow more wall space.
Temporary warehouses have the licence.
Temporary wetlands consist largely of sedge meadows.
Temporary work acts as a stepping stone to finding the right niche.
Temporary work can be ideal for many people seeking full-time employment.
Temporary work is also an excellent way to get to know potential full-time employers.
Temporary work is another way to break into the hidden market.
Temporary work is installed around campus.
Temporary work is one way professionals can stay continuously employed.
Temporary work is, by definition, temporary.
Temporary work offers experience in a variety of settings and often leads to permanent jobs.
Temporary work provides a bridge to permanent employment.
A temporary worker is a worker
Temporary workers are employees.
Temporary workers are neither a homogeneous group, nor limited to a single field of employment.
Temporary workers can determine their availability.
Temporary workers can interact with co-workers to see if there is a personal fit.
Temporary workers can now engage in a broader range of occupations.
Temporary workers don t get much respect, which suits both buyers and sellers of temporary workers.
Temporary workers have a habit of becoming permanent U.S. residents.
Temporary workers have difficulty getting unemployment benefits in many states.
Temporary workers have no insurance.
Temporary workers have the same right to participate in a CUPW strike as regular employees.
Temporary workers help corporations.
Temporary workers increase the cost effectiveness of business.
Temporary workers play an important part in the UK's economy.
Temporary workers receive few benefits and no job guarantees.
Temporary workers working full-time hours for many years also require protection.
Many temporary workers face a quandary about how to present their experience.
Most temporary workers earn low pay, few, if any, benefits, and little opportunity for advancement.
A temporary is a worker
Temporaries can receive vacation pay if they meet the minimum requirements for hours accrued.
Temporaries pick up their paychecks at our office.
Temporaries always seem to come loose on a holiday or a weekend.
All temporaries are hourly employees and wages vary from job to job.
Tempra tablets are in sturdy, opaque childproof blisters.
Tempranillo grapes are the most common Rioja type.
Temptation abounds for a prominent basketball player.
Temptation accomplishes various things in the believer's life.
Temptation acts on susceptible material.
Temptation affects everyone, even the strongest believer.
Temptation arrives in the form of a lamia, a mythical serpent-witch.
Temptation begins in the depths of the human heart.
Temptation begins in the mind.
Temptation begins with a thought.
Temptation begins with desire.
Temptation calls for a decision to be made.
Temptation can be very strong.
Temptation can come from the most unlikely places.
Temptation can lead to trouble.
Temptation can simply be too great for our wonderful working dogs.
Temptation comes from the devil.
Temptation comes from the Latin temptare , handle, from tendere , stretch.
Temptation comes from without or within.
Temptation comes in many shapes and sizes.
Temptation comes to everyone.
Temptation comes with the ability to choose good and evil.
Temptation contains excerpts of copyrighted works.
Temptation exists always.
Temptation follows pride with the inevitability that night follows day.
Temptation forms the ground-work of all sins.
Temptation forms the very climate in which faith develops.
Temptation grows and becomes embedded.
Temptation has a sequence.
Temptation has everything to do with our book of life, or our memory of past experiences.
Temptation implies a decision of mind and heart.
Temptation is a bird flying overhead.
Temptation is a dress rehearsal for a karmic experience of negativity.
Temptation is a driving force.
Temptation is a form of death.
Temptation is a form of test that can be a blessing in disguise.
Temptation is a function of hunger.
Temptation is a funny thing.
Temptation is a gift.
Temptation is a gun, All or nothing, all or nothing.
Temptation is a natural thing.
Temptation is a part of life.
Temptation is a personal thing.
Temptation is a process.
Temptation is a reality in our lives.
Temptation is a test of character.
Temptation is a 'testing', a trial.
Temptation is a trap.
Temptation is a universal human experience.
Temptation is a way of growing stronger in one's faith by overcoming it.
Temptation is a wilderness.
Temptation is a woman's weapon and a man's excuse.
Temptation is also a test.
Temptation is also an easy thing - that is a major part of it's attraction.
Temptation is always below the surface.
Temptation is an area that's entered into .
Temptation is an evil thing.
Temptation is an individual matter .
Temptation is an inevitable part of our fallen world.
Temptation is an irresistible force at work on a moveable body.
Temptation is an opportunity of virtue.
Temptation is at the root of our problems.
Temptation is bands.
Temptation is both an inward and outward problem.
Temptation is dangerous.
Temptation is desire.
Temptation is everywhere here in Las Vegas.
Temptation is everywhere, slithering in the grass, causing one to backslide.
Temptation is everywhere.
Temptation is however.
Temptation is increased by a low risk of discovery .
Temptation is indeed the oldest trick in the evil one's arsenal.
Temptation is inevitable .
Temptation is influence
Temptation is influence.
Temptation is inherent in contradiction.
Temptation is just as real after baptism as before.
Temptation is like a magnet.
Temptation is like that, it comes from everywhere.
Temptation is like that.
Temptation is more seductive when the payoff is big.
Temptation is now just about everywhere.
Temptation is often very subtle.
Temptation is on every hand.
Temptation is one of the great tests of life and character.
Temptation is overcome by running.
Temptation is real.
Temptation is related to the curiosity and disobedience themes in the story.
Temptation is satanic allurement.
Temptation is something that is common to all.
Temptation is strong.
Temptation is subtle, working by degrees to cause a soul's destruction .
Temptation is subtle.
Temptation is the devil's business.
Temptation is the devil's principal weapon for destroying people.
Temptation is the evidence of Satan's planting of the seeds of sin within our hearts.
Temptation is the experience of every person.
Temptation is the hook.
Temptation is the proving ground of life.
Temptation is the seductive sales pitch to give in to our inner inclinations to do wrong.
Temptation is the sexiest line in Harlequin and Silhouette.
Temptation is the work of the devil.
Temptation is there.
Temptation is usual and common in our lives.
Temptation leads to risk.
Temptation means to try, to test, to prove.
Temptation needs an invitation to stay around.
Temptation never is for students who are pressured by both peers and teachers.
Temptation occurs, after all, in our minds.
Temptation seems to be a private affair.
Temptation tries to short-circuit that process.
Temptations abound in the workplace.
Temptations are always exciting.
Temptations are common to humanity.
Temptations are generally solicitations to do evil.
Temptations are great.
Temptations are guilt-producing.
Temptations are human experiences.
Temptations are inevitable.
Temptations are likely high to take the best specimens of the wild plants they find.
Temptations are pulls back to walk again in darkness.
Temptations are still there.
Temptations are the bait.
Temptations are the greatest obstacles on the way.
Temptations are unavoidable because of the lordship of satan and the influence of sin in the world.
Temptations are very attractive.
Temptations come at inopportune times for that is why they are effective.
Temptations come from our own inward evil nature.
Temptations come from Satan and our own evil nature within.
Temptations come from the evil one.
Temptations come in all forms and from all directions.
Temptations come in all shapes, sizes, and forms.
Temptations have several degrees.
Temptations lose their power, when Thou art nigh.
Temptations never fail to raise their ugly head.
Temptations occur everyday.
Temptation always begins in the mind.
Temptation always begins with desire.
Temptation always carries with it some bait that appeals to our natural desires.
Temptation always follows answered prayers.
Temptation always follows the same process .
Temptation always wears a guise that is deceiving.
Every temptation has an escape hatch.
Every temptation is a challenge and an opportunity to prove our fidelity.
Every temptation is an opportunity to grow spiritually.
Every temptation is really the temptation to avoid the anxiety of genuine spiritual growth.
Many temptations exist.
Some temptations are bold, some subtle.
Some temptations are of the flesh.
Some temptations are of the spirit.
Some temptations are stronger than others.
Some temptations are to lie, others to steal.
Some temptations come to the industrious, but all temptations attack the idle.
A tempter is a person
Tempter likens the skill to hitting a ball with a bat.
Tempters are people.
Tempters never come with black hats and flashing signs of their evil designs.
Any tempters have the appearance of rotten fish.
Tempting fate has drawbacks.
Some tempura fans forgo the dipping sauce entirely, using just a bit of salt or lemon for seasoning.
A ten is a large integer
TENS also has a great newsletter.
TENs are also a financial disaster.
Tens are nice.
Tens are numbers.
Tens are 'T'.
TENs can either be road based or rail based.
Tens have no value and when the total of the cards is more than nine,the left hand digit is dropped.
Tens stands for transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation.
Tens Strike Again .
Tens uses soothing pulses that are sent via the pads through the skin and along the nerve fibres.
Tenacious D are rock's unlikely saviors.
Tenacious people are optimists.
Tenacious people have a clear vision of what the want and where they are going.
Tenacious viruses can exist for several days as aerosolized droplets.
A tenacity is a purpose
Tenacity answers the courage question.
Tenacity helps too.
Tenacity is a very important quality for a chess player to develop.
Tenacity is an essential quality when fighting for the rights of accident victims.
Tenacity is another name for the free-lancer.
Tenacity is as valuable as talent.
Tenacity is brittle.
Tenacity is essential.
Tenacity is indicated by the number of attempts to achieve the goal.
Tenacity is key to achieving creative solutions and meeting challenging deliverables.
Tenacity is key.
Tenacity is more than overall match-level determination.
Tenacity is related to both cleavage and fracture.
Tenacity is the key.
Tenacity is the name of the game.
Tenacity is the name of the local sci-fi group that is hosting the event.
Tenacity isa trait.
Tenacity never gets old.
Tenacity pays off.
Some tenancy agreements are in writing, others are oral.
Tenancy is a residence
Tenancy is for family groups only.
Tenancy is the most popular - so far two million hectares have been leased.
Tenant complaints are common on campus.
Tenant complaints are typical for new residential projects, real estate experts say.
Tenant cooperation is essential for investors who are selling.
Tenant groups argue that both studies probably understate the impact of deregulation.
Tenant groups expect to challenge the deposit of rent as a legal hurdle to justice.
Tenant harassment is wrong.
Tenant improvements consist of interior non-structural construction, furniture and equipment.
Tenant mix includes professional services such as banking, legal, architectural and advertising.
Tenant mobility is reduced in rent controlled jurisdictions.
Tenant organization can provide information about the rights and duties of tenants.
Tenant participation guarantees it.
Tenant rent is based upon income.
Tenant retention is enhanced by managing properties with the tenants' goals in mind.
Tenant rights vary by locality.
Tenant satisfaction is one of the most important issues for building owners and managers.
Tenant selection is the most important job a landlord can do.
Tenant space is separated by an insulated, full-height demising wall to minimize noise transmission.
Tenant work is our highest priority.
A tenant is a person
Tenant acknowledges that the premises are in good order and repair, unless otherwise indicated.
Tenant acknowledges that the premises are in good order and repair.
Tenant agrees to abide by the rules and regulations in effect in communities subject to covenants.
Tenant agrees to accept a shorter period for notice to quit than that provided by law.
Tenant agrees to follow all safety regulations for swimming pool and premises.
Tenant agrees to keep the Leased Premises in good condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted.
Tenant agrees to obtain insurance at tenant's expense as required in contract.
Tenant agrees to pay for the landlord's attorney fees and legal costs.
Tenant agrees to pay the rent herein provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.
Tenant agrees to practice crop rotation.
Tenant agrees to test soil for residual nitrogen and phosphorus.
Tenant appears in court to contest the eviction.
Tenant asks that management assist with problem.
Tenant asks that Resident smoke on alternative outdoor balcony.
Tenant authorizes any other person to confess judgment on a claim arising from the lease.
Tenant challenges the second unlawful detainer judgment.
Tenant continues to be responsible for rent, expenses, damages, and leases.
Tenant denies breaking the window.
Tenant determines finishes and use.
Tenant does or hires cleaning.
Tenant fails to do as promised.
Tenant is responsible for all acts of tenant's family, employees, guests, or invitees.
Tenant is responsible for all arrangements and payments to caterer and party rental supplier.
Tenant is responsible for all damages.
Tenant is responsible for all repairs to premises.
Tenant is responsible for electricity, sewer and any other charges they incur.
Tenant is responsible for leaving the unit undamaged and in reasonably clean condition.
Tenant is responsible for long distance phone charges and additional cable features.
Tenant is responsible for phone charges.
Tenant is responsible for providing linens and cleaning cabin prior to departure.
Tenant is to notify landlord of any repairs, improvements, etc.
Tenant kills thief hiding under bed.
Tenant pays all maintenance and upkeep on interior of the suite.
Tenant pays all real estate taxes, insurance and common area maintenance.
Tenant pays all real estate taxes, insurance, and common area maintenance.
Tenant pays all utilities except water.
Tenant pays all utilities, mowing and snow removal.
Tenant pays all utilities.
Tenant pays all.
Tenant pays cable.
Tenant pays electric and gas, hot water is provided free of charge.
Tenant pays electric and janitorial.
Tenant pays electric lights.
Tenant pays electric, phone, and cable.
Tenant pays electric.
Tenant pays electricity and gas for cooking.
Tenant pays electricity.
Tenant pays for heat.
Tenant pays for hot water.
Tenant pays for repairs and deducts their cost from the rental payment.
Tenant pays garbage.
Tenant pays gas for cooking and electricity.
Tenant pays gas heat, gas hot water electricity.
Tenant pays gas, electric.
Tenant pays gas, electricity, phone and maid.
Tenant pays gas, electricity, water fees.
Tenant pays heat and electric.
Tenant pays heat and electricity.
Tenant pays heat, gas and electric.
Tenant pays heat, gas, and electric.
Tenant pays heat, gas, electric and water.
Tenant pays heat, gas, electric, and water.
Tenant pays heat, hot water, gas, and electricity.
Tenant pays heat.
Tenant pays office electric.
Tenant pays only a fixed monthly rent with no additional payments.
Tenant pays own utilities.
Tenant pays Prices subject to change without notice.
Tenant pays property taxes and insurance.
Tenant pays property taxes, insurance and common area maintenance.
Tenant pays property taxes, insurance, common area maintenance and utilities.
Tenant pays pro-rated share of all costs.
Tenant pays share of utilities and janitorial.
Tenant pays telephone, electricity, cable TV, and dining room meals.
Tenant pays the cost of electricity, gas and telephone.
Tenant pays utilities and garbage.
Tenant pays utilities.
Tenant pays utils.
Tenant pays water.
Tenant promises to return the premises to their original condition upon removing the improvement.
Tenant provides a lock to secure space.
Tenant provides own sheets and towels for weekly rentals.
Tenant refuses the landlord access to the rental unit as required by state or local law.
Tenant refuses to renew a rental agreement which is materially the same.
Tenant remains in good standing with apartment management.
Tenant wants to end the lease.
Tenants act the same way that customers of other businesses do.
Tenants actually save money overall, looking at the combined cost of rent and utilities.
Tenants agree to sell only new merchandise.
Tenants also can complain to the city or county's housing code enforcement.
Tenants also have access to a gas powered fork lift.
Tenants also have access to the college's computer labs, library and shops.
Tenants also have responsibilities under the Housing Code.
Tenants also have to contribute a monthly maintenance fee for the running of the premises.
Tenants also pay for natural gas service in units where gas is individually metered.
Tenants also plan to set up phone banks to lobby state lawmakers.
Tenants appeal administrative decision granting rent increases for earthquake related repairs.
Tenants appreciate the improved controls, too.
Tenants are a lot smarter and know they're valuable.
Tenants are a mix of new companies and resident firms relocating.
Tenants are also responsible for insuring their own personal property.
Tenants are also responsible for maintaining the landlord's property in an acceptable manner.
Tenants are always carefully screened, reference checks and credit checks are policy.
Tenants are always responsible for telephone service.
Tenants are an integral part of the development and construction process.
Tenants are capable of living independently.
Tenants are careful if they have control over, and responsibility for, their housing and workshops.
Tenants are concerned about future management of the estates once all or part have been sold.
Tenants are eligible for the program with permission from their landlord.
Tenants are films.
Tenants are free to choose any provider for their voice and data services.
Tenants are holders.
Tenants are in place and that is great.
Tenants are limited to either a family or two single adults.
Tenants are located in apartments.
Tenants are men and women, capable of managing their own apartment.
Tenants are month to month.
Tenants are more comfortable, and operating costs are minimized.
Tenants are more qualified, stay longer and are usually easier on the property.
Tenants are no more than a cash cow for unscrupulous property owners.
Tenants are normally responsible for electricity, gas, cable, and telephone.
Tenants are now in court with the landlord.
Tenants are on a month to month basis.
Tenants are on the ropes and are losing the battle.
Tenants are payers.
Tenants are professional and technology oriented.
Tenants are residents.
Tenants are responsible for all damages they, their guests or invitees cause to the premises.
Tenants are responsible for all other utilities.
Tenants are responsible for all utilities.
Tenants are responsible for any damage to the property, apartment, building, fixtures, or equipment.
Tenants are responsible for bringing or purchasing additional supplies as needed.
Tenants are responsible for cleaning the filters in their window air conditioners.
Tenants are responsible for disposing of their own trash.
Tenants are responsible for disposing of trash, recycling materials and other waste.
Tenants are responsible for electricity for the full year.
Tenants are responsible for electricity, heat and hot water.
Tenants are responsible for fines.
Tenants are responsible for inside building systems.
Tenants are responsible for looking after the home and keeping it in reasonable condition.
Tenants are responsible for maintenance of their leased space and their equipment.
Tenants are responsible for notifying the landlord if any door or window lock becomes inoperable.
Tenants are responsible for only the interior cleaning of their offices.
Tenants are responsible for paying agreed fees on time.
Tenants are responsible for payment of rent, telephone and equipment usage.
Tenants are responsible for phone, TV cable, and electrical usage .
Tenants are responsible for rent, telephone, cable, and electricity.
Tenants are responsible for returning all keys at the end of their lease term.
Tenants are responsible for supplying their own paper products ie.
Tenants are responsible for the electric service used for cooking and heating.
Tenants are responsible for the electric service.
Tenants are responsible for the electric, telephone and cable services.
Tenants are responsible for the gas and electric.
Tenants are responsible for the gas service used for all other utilites.
Tenants are responsible for the gas, electric, telephone and cable services.
Tenants are responsible for the monthly bills.
Tenants are responsible for their own electricity payments.
Tenants are responsible for their own hazardous waste disposal.
Tenants are responsible for utility costs.
Tenants are responsible to supply their own shower curtain.
Tenants are strong.
Tenants are to provide their own linens and towels.
Tenants are willing to pay more for the best.
Tenants assigned to houses are responsible for lawn maintenance.
Tenants benefit from system integrity and efficient service delivery.
Tenants benefit greatly by having on-site management that strive to quickly meet tenant needs.
Tenants blame landlords for gouging.
Tenants can access the sites either on their own home PC's or via the Councils One Stop Shops.
Tenants can accomplish many things by having meetings that are well-run and organized.
Tenants can also dispute any rent increases they perceive to exceed allowable limits.
Tenants can also use laundry detergent, nail clippers, can opener, sewing kit.
Tenants can apply to challenge illegal rent increases and illegal extra charges.
Tenants can buy cans of food and non-perishable milk.
Tenants can choose whether to renew their leases for one or two years.
Tenants can dictate the terms.
Tenants can do both themselves.
Tenants can easily commute to Albany or Hudson.
Tenants can enjoy an apartment complete with a kitchen, living area, sleeping area and private bath.
Tenants can even expect to do a better deal on re-signs.
Tenants can face hefty fines and even jail time for violations of such laws.
Tenants can find shopping, medical care, entertainment and more in the immediate vacinity.
Tenants can keep only operable cars and two animals on their property now.
Tenants can make it a written requirement of the agreement that the owner carries out certain tasks.
Tenants can move in immediately with payment of only first and last month's rent.
Tenants can play a major role in helping the landlord secure the building.
Tenants can print stamps online now.
Tenants can protect themselves from unjustified deductions at the end of a tenancy.
Tenants can put pressure on the landlord in many other ways, too.
Tenants can qualify for their loans, if needed, by having multiple family, friends, roommates etc.
Tenants can remain in their building.
Tenants can report a repair on-line.
Tenants can submit an application, but the owner mus t also sign it to show their authorization.
Tenants can t afford to lose it.
Tenants can take advantage of the shared conference room and secretarial services.
Tenants can take up permanent residency, save money, and become instantly competitive.
Tenants can tend their own garden plots.
Tenants can use the money for work-related expenses or other purposes.
Tenants can wait to see how the scheme works before deciding.
Tenants claim they are being charged for damage that existed at the time they moved in.
Tenants come and go.
Tenants complain about a lack of parking, soaring rents and congested streets.
Tenants continue to be relocated as new business locations are identified.
Tenants control their HVAC and lighting via card access during after-hours .
Tenants do have to meet acceptance and continued stay criteria.
Tenants do minimum required and expect landlord to do the rest.
Tenants don t want to walk three blocks to their apartments.
Tenants enjoy better services and a better quality of life as a result.
Tenants enjoy complimentary cable TV, movies, etc.
Tenants enjoy the interactive campus setting.
Tenants enjoy the spacious two story atrium that is the centerpiece of the facility.
Tenants establish their own local and long distance telephone service.
Tenants face blackmail and bullying in the run-up to an outrageously undemocratic ballot.
Tenants face eviction and social landlords face financial losses.
Tenants forget things.
Tenants generally have a first right of purchase for the unit they occupy.
Tenants get to be homeowners, evictions are prevented, and everyone benefits.
Tenants hate to move.
Tenants have a number of legal rights, licensees very few.
Tenants have a right of quiet enjoyment under most leases, and under the common law.
Tenants have a right to appeal an eviction by going to court.
Tenants have a right to privacy in their apartments.
Tenants have a strong desire to stabilize cost for accommodation.
Tenants have access to a small fitness room, a swimming pool and a coin-operated laundry.
Tenants have access to case management and other services.
Tenants have access to shared equipment and resources which enable the firm to keep costs lower.
Tenants have access to the hotel pool, recreation deck and jacuzzi.
Tenants have access to the hotel pool.
Tenants have access to the hotel swimming pool and recreation deck.
Tenants have access to the hotel swimming pool.
Tenants have access to the swimming pool, saunas, tennis court, barbecue and children's play area.
Tenants have an obligation to cooperate with owners and landlords.
Tenants have an office, access to meeting and conference rooms and administrative services.
Tenants have certain basic rights.
Tenants have direct influence through annual independent research tracking satisfaction.
Tenants have extremely little freedom to create a place that they can call their own.
Tenants have full responsibility for damages due to misuse, negligence or missing items.
Tenants have full use of kitchen and breakroom facilities.
Tenants have no absolute right to sublet.
Tenants have no power under the law to request less intrusive arrangements or compensation.
Tenants have no viable say in Seattle city government.
Tenants have one month to decide whether they want to move back to the beach.
Tenants have particular wishes with regard to telephone etiquette.
Tenants have responsibilities for the condition of the rental unit too.
Tenants have rights.
Tenants have security of tenure.
Tenants have since the earliest days of landlord-tenant law been on the bottom.
Tenants have specific rights.
Tenants have the choice to pay or withhold the increase.
Tenants have the legal right to possess the premises.
Tenants have the opportunity to decorate their own area as they wish.
Tenants have the responsibility to abide by the agreements specified in the lease.
Tenants have the right to have any condition that threatens their health or safety repaired.
Tenants have the right to live in a unit that is safe and habitable.
Tenants have the right to the quiet use and enjoyment of their homes.
Tenants have to supply their own recycling container.
Tenants have use of dock.
Tenants have use of pool and laundry facilities.
Tenants have yet to be identified for the building.
Tenants hear the locked mailboxes slamming.
Tenants lack the requisite ownership interest.
Tenants love good landlords.
Tenants maintain the yard areas and sidewalks adjacent to their apartments.
Tenants maintain their right to privacy.
Tenants make the best property managers if the incentives are properly aligned.
Tenants make their service requests online.
Tenants manage their own lives in a supportive and fully accessible setting.
Tenants normally have no right to participate in management.
Tenants now communicate and have a forum for issues.
Tenants now go shopping till they drop.
Tenants now have multiple opportunities to meet their space requirements.
Tenants obey the rules because there appears to be serious consequences.
Tenants only please.
Tenants open their doors and look out to find other tenants doing the same thing.
Tenants own nothing.
Tenants pay a portion of their landlord's property taxes through their rent.
Tenants pay a small installation fee.
Tenants pay all costs except trash.
Tenants pay all utilities except monthly pest control and lawn care.
Tenants pay all utilities except municipal fees.
Tenants pay all utilities.
Tenants Pay All Utilities.
Tenants pay by the square foot and the duration of the lease.
Tenants pay electric and gas and washer and dryer in each unit.
Tenants pay electric and gas.
Tenants pay electric and heat.
Tenants pay electric, cable and telephone.
Tenants pay electric, cable, and telephone.
Tenants pay electric, gas, telephone and cable.
Tenants pay electric, units are all electric.
Tenants pay electric.
Tenants pay electricity and propane.
Tenants pay electricity.
Tenants pay for electricity and cable.
Tenants pay for electricity and gas.
Tenants pay for electricity and water.
Tenants pay for electricity, gas, and local and long distance telephone calls.
Tenants pay for electricity.
Tenants pay for their own electric service.
Tenants pay for their own electricity.
Tenants pay heat.
Tenants pay rent specified in lease.
Tenants pay separate utilities.
Tenants pay the electric.
Tenants pay the hydro.
Tenants pay the remaining cost as an ordinary living expense.
Tenants pay the same rent for decades.
Tenants pay their own electric.
Tenants pay their own electricity bills.
Tenants pay their own electricity charges.
Tenants pay their own electricity which is separately metered for each space.
Tenants pay their own gas and electricity charges.
Tenants pay their own telephone and cable television bills.
Tenants pay their own utilities except water.
Tenants pay their own utilities.
Tenants pay util.
Tenants pay utilities, landlord pays for water.
Tenants pay utilities.
Tenants pool their existing security deposits as capital available to the local community.
Tenants provide their own linen, crockery, cutlery, cooking utensils and cleaning equipment.
Tenants provide their own towels and linens.
Tenants range from folding trailers to self-contained motor homes.
Tenants range from woodworkers to an architectural firm to a maker of bamboo fencing.
Tenants really have trouble paying the rent on time.
Tenants reasonably expect the landlord to control behavior of other tenants to that extent.
Tenants receive case management and support group services.
Tenants receive free parking.
Tenants receive quality care with a personal approach.
Tenants receiving social assistance are particularly vulnerable.
Tenants remember the bad things all year long.
Tenants renew old relationships, make new friends and enjoy good food and fun games.
Tenants rent all the land the operate.
Tenants rent on a month to month basis.
Tenants Report a report used to help a campaign for funding.
Tenants report no heat for years.
Tenants report they are treated far more courteously.
Tenants require security, especially after hours.
Tenants reside in private rooms with half baths during their three month stay.
Tenants say the strategy has generated results and conditions are improving.
Tenants say they plan to ask their landlord for help in dealing with the situation.
Tenants schedule their appointments through the program office.
Tenants seem to love it.
Tenants select a privately owned rental unit in the City of Red Wing.
Tenants share a common laundry facility and a community room with a mini computer lab.
Tenants share a public shower-bathroom and a community kitchen.
Tenants share in the use of a receptionist, and have access to a full conference room.
Tenants share kitchen and bathroom facilities.
Tenants share the common off street parking lot in the alley located to the rear of the property.
Tenants share the expenses of the home.
Tenants share the finances and upkeep of the residence.
Tenants share the off street parking lot in the alley located to the rear of the property.
Tenants share the use of, and responsibility for the other areas of the home.
Tenants share the water, sewer and refuse bills with the downstairs tenants.
Tenants sort their recycling into the proper container.
Tenants specialize in warehousing, customer services, and light manufacturing.
Tenants stay a while, and then the house is empty as before.
Tenants take advantage of low rent rates and expenses, and a wide array of free consulting.
Tenants take better care of their own property.
Tenants there say they have no complaints about heat.
Tenants use access cards to enter the buildings and to access the underground garage.
Tenants vary from manufacturing to storage and distribution.
Tenants always swear under oath that the window was broken when they moved in.
Tenants always underestimate.
Tenants frequently complain to their landlords about noisy neighbors.
Tenants frequently desire to assign their interest to someone else.
Tenants often find it necessary or practical to leave their furniture to be used by the subtenant.
Tenants often hang their washes on long bamboo sticks taking advantage of the strong breezes. .
Tenants often have a better chance of solving problems when they work together.
Tenants often suffer from insufficient or incorrect information.
Tenants usually have limited choices about the color or quality of the paint a landlord uses.
Tenants usually pay all utilities.
Tenants usually pay for the electricity.
Tenants usually receive vouchers when they come to the top of a waiting list.
Tenants usually relocate within a specific market once every five or ten years.
Tenants usually share the cooking and bathroom facilities.
All tenants are also responsible for their own power and telephone accounts and payments.
All tenants are on one year leases.
All tenants are responsible for their own telephone service.
All tenants are responsible for their visitor's actions at all times while on the premises.
All tenants have a statutory right to quiet and peaceful possession as long as they pay their rent.
All tenants have five hours per month of clerical assistance.
All tenants have signs on the exterior of their building.
All tenants have the responsibility to keep their own living quarters clean and sanitary.
All tenants have use of the roof for reading, sunning or just hanging out.
All tenants pay a common area maintenance fee and are serviced by an on-site managing staff of five.
Any tenant conducting in-home day care is required to be licensed and to carry liability insurance.
Any tenant has legal responisbilities to the property that they are leasing.
Any tenant is guaranteed minimum standards of quality.
Every tenant has a lease that can be enforced in court even if there is nothing in writing.
Every tenant knows that there are no affordable units and nowhere to move.
Many tenants also complain of gas bills that far exceed the stipend they receive for utilities.
Many tenants are surprised to see the fire engine arrive at their home for an inspection.
Many tenants are willing to have an independent party value the property to determine price.
Many tenants book the kitchen on a regular weekly basis, while others are occasional users.
Many tenants commonly ask about the tax rate.
Many tenants enjoy using the mirror to check their appearance on their way out in the morning.
Many tenants feel they are in a poor position to argue over provisions in a lease.
Many tenants have past histories of mental illness, homelessness, and substance misuse.
Many tenants indicate there are specific comfort issues at their residence.
Many tenants make the mistake of leaving unwanted items such as trash, old furniture or clothing.
Many tenants rely on public transport, while others find gardening and upkeep onerous.
More tenants have roommates.
Most tenants are average to above-average intelligence.
Most tenants are smaller facilities on lots of only a few acres in size.
Most tenants are wise to also have their negotiated lease reviewed by an attorney.
Most tenants believe they are victims in the process.
Most tenants do.
Most tenants embrace communal living, sharing chores, meals and sometimes outside interests.
Most tenants fall into one of two categories.
Most tenants look for properties that are well cared for and bright.
Most tenants pay their rent by the square foot.
Most tenants prefer the kitchen to be at the back of the house.
Some tenants attend the board of directors meetings every month to observe.
Some tenants do tear things up.
Some tenants fear eviction.
Some tenants get angry because of decisions made by the management, and they move out.
Some tenants pay heavily for landlord neglect.
Some tenants prefer gas to electric cooker jobs.
Some tenants say they have no problem with the management.
Some tenants withhold the last month's rent to the equivalent of the deposit when they leave.
Tenative meeting dates for rest of the year.
A tench is a bony fish
Tench are common freshwater fish throughout temperate Eurasia.
Tench tend to live in small shoals.
A tendency is attitude
Tendencies are direction.
Tendencies are dispositions.
Tendencies are tendencies.
Tendencies are to describe space in terms of plasma.
Tendencies can change, unlike fingerprints.
Tendencies lead to behaviour.
Tendency isa attitude.
Most tendencies lead to behaviour.
Some tendencies cause common health problems.
Some tendencies cause common problems.
Some tendencies cause health problems.
Some tendencies cause problems.
Some tendencies explain differentiations.
Some tendencies lead to damage.
Some tendencies lead to development.
Some tendencies lead to misconception.
Some tendencies lead to structural damage.
Some tendencies promote depletion.
Tendentious user continues reverting.
Tender buds sprout from roots.
Most tender buds sprout from roots.
Most tender cuts come from the tails and cheeks.
Tender documents are large files.
Tender documents are non transferable.
Tender documents contain information.
Most tender documents contain information.
Tender evaluation is based on the tender evaluation criteria.
Tender evaluation is on the basis of tender evaluation criteria.
Tender feelings die when daily consideration and kindness fall by the wayside.
Tender fruit refers to peaches, pears, plums, prunes, sweet and sour cherries.
Tender growth is susceptible to wilt when water is scarce.
Tender plants survive cold nights.
Tender plants survive cold winter nights.
Tender plants survive nights.
Tender plants survive winter nights.
Most tender plants survive cold nights.
Most tender plants survive cold winter nights.
Most tender plants survive nights.
Most tender plants survive winter nights.
Tender points are anatomical locations that have reproducable tenderness upon palpation.
Tender points are places on the body that hurt when pressure is applied.
Tender processing is done on an invited basis.
Tender raviolis top with sauces.
Tender raviolis top with tomato sauces.
Some tender spinach makes salad.
Tender storage is underneath the main deck, out of the water, the sun and also out of view.
Some tender times do arise.
A tender is an assistant
Tenders alway open the bridge opposite the approaching vessel first.
Tenders are available on the site until their expiration date.
Tenders are boats.
Tenders are cars.
Tenders are generally open to all bidders, foreign and domestic.
Tenders are ships.
Tenders are subject to a formal contract being prepared and executed.
Tenders are to be deposited as indicated in the advertisement.
Tenders are to be submitted on the forms provided, filled in completely.
Tenders are to be submitted on the forms provided.
Tenders can move markets several cents a pound.
Tenders protect and care for the anchors, in both the physical and non-physical realms.
Tenders serve as the surface-based partner for the man underwater.
Every tender has a link to complete information on it, requirements and date of expiration.
Every tender has a link to the complete information on the tender.
Some tenders are relevant to other continents than Africa.
Tendered quantities mentioned above are provisional and likely to undergo changes.
Tenderer selection is the start of the partnering process.
A tenderfoot is a beginner
Tenderfoot is non-subsidized.
A tenderloin is cut of meat
Tenderloins also fit the bill.
Tenderloins are cuts.
Tenderloins come off the short loin and have little fat.
Tenderloins continue to re-establish themselves.
Tenderness associated with a lump, particularly if it's cyclical in nature, is often a good sign.
Tenderness depends on the age of the bear.
Tenderness depends on the age of the bird when processed.
Tenderness flows down from the moon and up from the earth.
Tenderness is a gesture to one mortal from another only inconsequentially less so.
Tenderness is a natural healing flow of love and understanding.
Tenderness is a softness, a person who is loving, affectionate and considerate.
Tenderness is a very offbeat book.
Tenderness is a very tough book.
Tenderness is also a sign the turkey has reached a safe temperature.
Tenderness is another way to suggest a swet, innocent erotism hanging around a couple.
Tenderness is compassion.
Tenderness is diffuse, without rebound or guarding.
Tenderness is felt along extensor area.
Tenderness is felt at the junction, or joint, between the collarbone and shoulder.
Tenderness is felt in the area of the medial epicondyle and flexor pronator tendons.
Tenderness is harmful.
Tenderness is heritable.
Tenderness is in the hands.
Tenderness is localized to the injured metacarpal bone.
Tenderness is noted in the area of the deformity.
Tenderness is pain.
Tenderness is probably the most important quality characteristic of red meat.
Tenderness is related to maturity and freshness.
Tenderness is reproduced when specific areas of the foot are touched.
Tenderness is slight or absent.
Tenderness is still legal.
Tenderness is the key to understand women.
Tenderness is the touch that elicits an incomparable feeling.
Tenderness is usually mild in uncomplicated colonic obstruction.
Tenderness is warmth
Tenderness is wonderful.
Tenderness means injury.
Tenderness occurs in precise, localized areas, particularly in the neck, spine, shoulders and hips.
Tenderness reflects the amount of fiber in the spear.
Tenderness tends to be greatest over the proximal portion of the tendon sheath.
Tenderness usually is localized to the calcaneal attachment of the plantar fascia.
Tenderness usually occurs over the area of the nodule - at the bottom of the finger or thumb.
Tendinitis is a symptom
Tendinitis is inflammation.
Tendinitis occurs more often as one gets older.
Tendinitis occurs when the tendon becomes inflamed due to overuse or stretching.
Most tendinitis is a result of the wearing process that takes place over a period of years.
Most tendinitis occurs in middle or old age, as the tendons become more susceptible to injury.
Tendinous xanthomas appear as nodules over hands, feet, Achilles tendon.
Tendocalcaneal bursitis is an inflammation in the bursa behind the heel bone.
Tendon architecture is an interesting study in and of itself.
Tendon collagen is native and therefore insoluble without some further treatment.
Tendon damage can also result from a direct blow to the elbow.
Tendon damage is common in sports.
Tendon involvement can lead to rupture and collapse of the arch.
Tendon length is, in practice, the deciding factor regarding actual and potential muscle size.
Tendon length varies in all major groups and from person to person.
Tendon man asks for a hand wipe.
Most tendon repairs are successful, allowing full joint function.
Tendon rupture can occur during or after therapy with a quinolone agent.
Tendon rupture can occur during or after therapy with quinolones.
Tendon rupture can occur during or after therapy with the drugs.
Tendon rupture can occur during therapy or even months after discontinuation of the drug.
Tendon rupture can occur without a history of specific trauma.
Tendon sheaths surround some tendons.
Some tendon sheaths run down backs.
Tendon transfers are sometimes necessary in severe deficits.
A tendon is connective tissue
Tendon isa tissue.
Tendons allow muscles to generate strength, power, and movement about a bone.
Tendons also benefit from the use of ultrasound accompanied by stretching.
Tendons also help hold things together, connecting muscles to bones.
Tendons are also an integral part of the spine.
Tendons are also visible.
Tendons are another structures that can be affected by repetitive motions.
Tendons are bands of dense tissue that connect muscles to bones.
Tendons are body parts.
Tendons are bundles or bands of strong fibres that attach muscles to bones.
Tendons are connective tissue bands that attach muscles to bones.
Tendons are connective tissue that attach muscles to bones.
Tendons are connective tissue.
Tendons are connective tissues that connect muscles to bones in the body.
Tendons are cords of tissue that connect muscle to bone.
Tendons are durable tissues, and normally they can withstand many years of use without any problems.
Tendons are easy to see on the underside of the wrist, and on the back of the hand.
Tendons are fibrous cords of connective tissue which attach muscle to bone.
Tendons are fibrous cords of tough tissue that connect muscles to bones.
Tendons are fibrous cords that attach muscles to the bones.
Tendons are generally healthy structures that appear glistening white to the naked eye.
Tendons are groupings of a type of connective tissue called collagen.
Tendons are inelastic.
Tendons are less flexible, so more stretching and warming up is required.
Tendons are like ligaments except they connect muscles to bones.
Tendons are like ligaments in that they are fibrous tissue and they attach to the bone.
Tendons are like very strong rubber bands that keep muscles attached to bones.
Tendons are normally nearly avascular.
Tendons are of similar material, but their function is to attach muscle to bone.
Tendons are part of the human body often connected to joints.
Tendons are rather important, but yet frequently affected structures in the equine lower limb.
Tendons are rope-like structures made of strong, smooth, shiny fibers.
Tendons are similar to ligaments except that ligaments join one bone to another .
Tendons are similar to ligaments except that ligaments join one bone to another.
Tendons are soft tissue structures that attach muscles to bone.
Tendons are strong bands of material that attach muscles to bones or other parts of the body.
Tendons are strong bands of tissue that attach muscles to bones or other parts of the body.
Tendons are strong bands of tissue that attach muscles to bones.
Tendons are strong bands of tissue that connect muscles to bones.
Tendons are strong but elastic elongations of muscle.
Tendons are strong cable-like structures, which anchor the muscles to the bone.
Tendons are subject to many types of injuries.
Tendons are the ends of muscles that attach to bone.
Tendons are the fibrous cords that connect muscle to bone.
Tendons are the interconnecting fibers that attach muscle to joint and bone.
Tendons are the most common tissue affected.
Tendons are the structures that connect the muscles to the bones so that movement can occur.
Tendons are the thick fibrous cords that attach muscles to bone.
Tendons are the tissues that connect the muscles to the bones.
Tendons are the tough cords that connect the muscles to the bones they move.
Tendons are the tough, fibrous cords that connect muscle to bone.
Tendons are thick strands or sheets of connective tissues.
Tendons are tough bands of connective tissue which attach to the bone.
Tendons are tough cords of tissue that connect muscles to bones.
Tendons are tough cords which attach muscle to bone.
Tendons are very soft, very painful when they're inflamed, and heal very slowly.
Tendons are viscoelastic structures, which means they exhibit both elastic and viscous behaviour.
Tendons assist in the pulling action of our muscles and are made of bundles of collagen fibers.
Tendons attach an intact whole skeletal muscle to bones.
Tendons attach muscles to bone.
Tendons attach muscles to bones, and ligaments surround joints and connect one bone to another.
Tendons attach muscles to bones.
Tendons attach skeletal muscle to bones and bend the skeleton at the moveable joints.
Tendons attach the muscles to the bones.
Tendons become sore or inflamed because of overuse.
Tendons become twisted, shortened, displaced or fused.
Tendons begin on a muscle and end on a bone.
Tendons begin to glide when they experience stress immediately after surgery.
Tendons can become inflamed through repeated tensing.
Tendons can eventually fray and tear.
Tendons can get bigger with time, though it is a very slow process.
Tendons can have very fast contraction times.
Tendons come in many shapes and sizes.
Tendons connect bone to bone , whereas ligaments connect muscle to bone .
Tendons connect muscle to bone.
Tendons connect muscles to bone.
Tendons connect muscles to bones.
Tendons connect muscles tobones.
Tendons connect muscles.
Tendons consist of tough, fibrous tissue that attaches the muscle to the bone.
Tendons enable smooth motion in various planes of the shoulder, for example, in throwing.
Tendons extend from the muscles to permit the flexing of toes.
Tendons fasten the muscles to the bone.
Tendons function primarily to facilitate movement.
Tendons function to attach a muscle to bone in order to provide motion.
Tendons generally cross a joint and help facilitate movement.
Tendons grow taut, then slack.
Tendons have (part) cell membranes.
Tendons have (part) corpi.
Tendons have (part) cytoplasm.
Tendons have (part) ground substances.
Tendons have (part) mast cells.
Tendons have (part) nuclei.
Tendons have (part) plasma membranes.
Tendons have (part) sections.
Tendons have (part) vacuoles.
Tendons heal slowly.
Tendons help form a connection between soft contracting muscle cells to hard bone cells.
Tendons help hold muscles and bones together.
Tendons hold muscle to bone.
Tendons hold muscles to bones and ligaments hold bones together.
Tendons join muscle to bone and move joints.
Tendons join muscle to bone or muscle to muscle.
Tendons join the muscles to bones.
Tendons lie at the ends of muscles where they attach to bones.
Tendons lie at the ends of muscles, where they attach to bones.
Tendons look almost like ligaments, but they are more cord like and connect the muscles to the bone.
Tendons normally glide smoothly inside lubricated sheaths.
Tendons only get thicker from heavy poundages.
Tendons slide within lubricated sheaths, are inelastic, and are subject to sprains and ruptures.
Tendons snap across a bone in the foot, producing a clicking sound as the animals walk.
Tendons snap, jerk or become stuck.
Tendons take a long time to heal.
Tendons transmit the power generated from a particular muscle to move a particular bone.
Tendons vary in length, thickness, and elasticity.
Tendons vary in length.
Most tendons connect muscles.
Some tendons are part of diaphragms.
Some tendons are part of esophagi.
Some tendons have protective sheaths called synovium.
A tendril is a natural object
Tendril isa plant part.
Tendrils appear every third leaf oppositely are reddish in color and used for growth along surfaces.
Tendrils are always modified leaves or leaflets.
Tendrils are common in vines and used for support.
Tendrils are long and simple.
Tendrils are modified leaves.
Tendrils are short and profuse, erupting hither and yon.
Tendrils are slim, flexible leafless stems that wrap around structures.
Tendrils are slim, flexible shoots or, in some cases, leaf-like parts that act as tendrils.
Tendrils are slim, flexible, leafless stems that wrap themselves around anything they contact.
Tendrils are usually modified leaves, branching like the veins of a normal leaf.
Tendrils develop in the base of leaf petioles.
Tendrils have (part) sections.
Tendrils look like string.
Tendrils shoot out across the floor and begin running up the walls.
Most tendrils look like string.
Some tendrils are leaves or stipules, others are modified stems.
Some tendrils arise from stems.
Some tendrils can respond to contact quite rapidly, in only a few minutes.
Some tendrils come in contact.
Some tendrils emerge from seeds.
Some tendrils grow on stems.
Some tendrils have adhesive pads.
Some tendrils have pads.
Some tendrils have peas.
Some tendrils provide sustenance.
Tene- mentum is an estate held by a tenant.
A tenebrionid is a weevil
Tenebrionids are more eclectic, sometimes saprophagous, sometimes mycetophagous.
Tenebrionids are one of the most diverse families of beetle in california.
A tenement is an apartment building
Some tenements are divine, some human.
Tenet calls it guided autonomy.
Tenet go home.
Tenet has a desire to fill their hospitals.
Tenet has very successful partnerships with academic institutions throughout the country.
Tenet is a community - a global community of educators who share ideas, support, and help.
Tenet is a publicly held company.
Tenet is committed to equal employment opportunity as a sound business practice.
Tenet is creed
Tenet is due to arrive sometime today.
Tenet is married and has one son.
Tenet is the current deputy director.
Tenet knows both parties very well.
Tenet now owns five hospitals in Georgia.
Tenet provides challenging career opportunities to work on new and emerging technologies.
Tenet responds with lawsuits.
Tenet reviews the usual culprits, but then goes on to the higher worry.
Tenet views their workforce as more than just employees.
Tenets are opinions, doctrines, principles or dogma held by a person or organization.
Tenia isa artifact.
Tenias have (part) sections.
Tenite formulations are available for film extrusion as well as molding applications.
Tenmile lake has good winds throughout the spring, summer and fall.
A tenner is a large integer
Tenner points to is a tragic Chicago fire where overconfidence in technology cost many lives.
Tenner runs out of the command post to tell Snead to halt the countdown.
Tenner takes the handoff and collides with a defensive lineman.
Tenners are bills.
Tennessee isa thing.
A tennis ball is a ball
Tennis balls are an inexpensive solution to decrease chair noise in the classroom.
Tennis balls are balls.
Tennis balls are excellent aids for kids who develop a fear of the ball.
Tennis balls are good too.
Tennis balls are good.
Tennis balls are located in cans.
Tennis balls are one of their favorite toys.
Tennis balls are perfect for teaching medium to large sized puppies to retrieve.
Tennis balls are rounds.
Tennis balls are spheres.
Tennis balls are sports equipment.
Tennis balls are still too big to figure out the shape of the object they hit.
Tennis balls are used for bounce.
Tennis balls are used for bouncing.
Tennis balls are used for hitting.
Tennis balls are used for play.
Tennis balls are used for playing games.
Tennis balls are used for playing sports.
Tennis balls are used for recreation.
Tennis balls are used for sports.
Tennis balls are very, very hard on dog's teeth.
Tennis balls bounce back while eggs splatter on the floor.
Tennis balls can become lodged in the throat.
Tennis balls get their fuzz from recycled plastic.
Tennis balls sell best in summer .
Tennis balls start losing their compression as soon as the can is opened.
A tennis court is a court
Tennis courts abound and are particularly popular during the summer months.
Tennis courts abound within the city.
Tennis courts are a few blocks away.
Tennis courts are a five minute walk, with no fees.
Tennis courts are a short walk.
Tennis courts are across the street, and a few water sports are available.
Tennis courts are across the street, and a few watersports are available.
Tennis courts are also accessible at the campus' south entrance.
Tennis courts are also available at many hotels and public parks.
Tennis courts are also available just off the main West Beach area.
Tennis courts are also available nearby.
Tennis courts are also available throughout the island for tennis lovers.
Tennis courts are also available.
Tennis courts are also convenient, and the streets of Baldwin present cyclists a leisurely ride.
Tennis courts are also nearby.
Tennis courts are at most resorts as well.
Tennis courts are at the very back of the park.
Tennis courts are available all over the city.
Tennis courts are available all over the island, especially at major hotels.
Tennis courts are available and they include league games.
Tennis courts are available as well as various aquatic sports.
Tennis courts are available during the spring and summer months.
Tennis courts are available for guest use.
Tennis courts are available for the tennis enthusiast.
Tennis courts are available nearby.
Tennis courts are available on a first come, first serve basis.
Tennis courts are available on a first-come, first served basis.
Tennis courts are available on a priority schedule.
Tennis courts are available on lower campus.
Tennis courts are available on premises.
Tennis courts are available throughout the county.
Tennis courts are available to residents in the Garden.
Tennis courts are available.
Tennis courts are close by too.
Tennis courts are common, as are nature trails and parks.
Tennis courts are courts.
Tennis courts are everywhere, too.
Tennis courts are five minutes by car, jogging path and a swimming pool.
Tennis courts are flats.
Tennis courts are for tennis only.
Tennis courts are generally available for guests for free and for a fee for others.
Tennis courts are in the works.
Tennis courts are just steps away.
Tennis courts are located in college campuses.
Tennis courts are located in country clubs.
Tennis courts are located in health clubs.
Tennis courts are located in parks.
Tennis courts are located in towns.
Tennis courts are near by.
Tennis courts are nearby and golfers can arrange tee times at the front desk.
Tennis courts are nearby.
Tennis courts are of standard size, with the same net height and outer court lines.
Tennis courts are off-limits, of course.
Tennis courts are on the left, parking lot is on the right.
Tennis courts are on the right just past the blinking yellow light.
Tennis courts are on the right.
Tennis courts are plentiful, especially at the resorts.
Tennis courts are prevalent in our islands.
Tennis courts are visible from the road.
Tennis courts are within walking distance.
Tennis courts continue to be utilized often.
Tennis courts cover a multitude of construction materials.
Tennis courts have flat surfaces.
Tennis courts have net.
Tennis courts round out the activities avaliable for students and residents.
Many tennis courts are available day or night.
A tennis elbow is a symptom
Tennis elbow can also affect golfers, bricklayers, housewives just about anyone who is active.
Tennis elbow can appear in many different ways.
Tennis elbow can cause extreme tenderness on the outer side of the elbow.
Tennis elbows are diseases.
Tennis elbows are tendinitis.
A tennis match is a match
Tennis matches are in full swing, hockey, soccer teams doing stretches, swimming and now lacrosse.
Tennis matches are just as intense as football games, especially when arch rivals clash.
Tennis matches are often difficult for commercial programs to fit into program schedules.
Tennis matchs are matchs.
Tennis officials say they spend a lot of money on facilities and developing young talent.
A tennis player is a player
A tennis player is an athlete
Tennis players are athletes.
Tennis players are notorious for dreaming up phantom injuries to get out of playing.
Tennis players are players.
Tennis players are suckers for playing golf in their spare time.
Tennis players are workers.
Tennis players bounce the ball a few times before winding up for the serve.
Tennis players can choose between men's singles, women's singles, and doubles play.
Tennis players can play on the lighted tennis court.
Tennis players can sign up to play enjoy the tennis courts.
Tennis players can use the three lighted tennis courts and fitness buffs can use the exercise room.
Tennis players change their shirts often for a very important reason.
Tennis players do it in sets.
Tennis players do it with a racket.
Tennis players don t have much choice.
Tennis players enjoy one of the desert's premier tennis courts.
Tennis players flock to the many lighted courts in the valley.
Tennis players have fuzzy balls.
Tennis players play the game without a ball.
Tennis players rejoice.
Tennis players turn their brain off a lot.
Tennis players use in on the toes of their shoes, which wear down fast.
All tennis players are welcome, and the program is free.
Every tennis player has a unique mental approach to the game.
Every tennis player needs to remember the roller-coaster rhythms of performance.
Many tennis players train for additional strength in order to improve their performance.
Most tennis players are familiar with their forehand at the baseline or the net.
Some tennis players are golfers.
Tennis racket is a racquet
Tennis rackets are available for use.
A tennis racquet is a racquet
Tennis racquets are available free of charge.
Tennis racquets are available upon request.
Tennis racquets are available.
Tennis racquets can aggravate tennis elbow.
Tennis racquets come in different sizes and weights.
A tennis shoe is a shoe
Tennis shoe treads now incorporate all sorts of freaky expressionist art.
Tennis shoes are acceptable.
Tennis shoes are adequate, but hiking boots are better.
Tennis shoes are court shoes.
Tennis shoes are essential.
Tennis shoes are fine on most trails.
Tennis shoes are fine, bring water and a lunch.
Tennis shoes are fine.
Tennis shoes are good for crossing rivers.
Tennis shoes are great to carry along to wear in camp and to use when crossing streams and rivers.
Tennis shoes are ideal.
Tennis shoes are mandatory.
Tennis shoes are necessary.
Tennis shoes are okay to wear.
Tennis shoes are okay.
Tennis shoes are perfect first shoes.
Tennis shoes are preferred.
Tennis shoes are quite adequate for the first-time dancer.
Tennis shoes are slippery on rocks.
Tennis shoes are stiffer to provide more stability and traction.
Tennis shoes are tennis shoes.
Tennis shoes have the advantages of comfort, ventilation, and excellent traction.
Tennis shoes sit in live rooms.
Tennis shoes sit in rooms.
Tennis shoes work well.
Most tennis shoes sit in live rooms.
Most tennis shoes sit in rooms.
Tennis toe is characterized by severe, throbbing pain beneath the toenail.
Tennis tournaments are notorious for their tremendous amount of dead time.
Tennis balls wilson, tennis balls wilson.
Tennis bums online store.
Tennis bums online tennis warehouse store.
Tennis can be a very social sport.
Tennis can be solitary or played in pairs.
Tennis can start the same time as golf, and it is free.
Tennis Coordinates all activities regarding the scheduling of lessons, clubs and tournaments.
Tennis does have one major downside, however.
Tennis elbow Stress tendinitis on the lateral epicondyle.
Tennis has (part) regulation time.
Tennis has (part) second periods.
Tennis has (part) service breaks.
Tennis has a number of tournaments.
Tennis has many big matchups in the following days.
Tennis is a better sport than bowling.
Tennis is a demanding game, both physically and mentally.
Tennis is a dynamic sport that places demands on most of the major muscle groups in the body.
Tennis is a game everyone can learn to play and can play at any age.
Tennis is a game for partners.
Tennis is a game of confrontation, person against person.
Tennis is a game of physical, mental and mechanical challenges.
Tennis is a game of skill and endurance.
Tennis is a game of sprints.
Tennis is a game played by all ages, offering fun as well as exercise.
Tennis is a game that involves a lot of running and quick hairpin turns.
Tennis is a game that involves incredible bursts of speed.
Tennis is a game that is easy to pick up and infinitely hard to master.
Tennis is a game that requires cooperation and courtesy from all participants.
Tennis is a great game that, once learned, can be a sport for life.
Tennis is a great learning experience.
Tennis is a great sport for a variety of reasons.
Tennis is a great sport with many benefits.
Tennis is a great sport, and it gives a lot of lessons.
Tennis is a great sport, but it's still just a sport.
Tennis is a great sport.
Tennis is a great way to have fun and a great way to get fit.
Tennis is a great way to keep active.
Tennis is a great way to meet new people, have fun and get fit.
Tennis is a half day in the mornings or afternoons.
Tennis is a highly skilled sport which contributes to cardiovascular fitness.
Tennis is a lifelong sport and many people have chosen to enjoy it in their own backyard.
Tennis is a lifetime sport where fun and learning complement each other.
Tennis is a lot like learning a foreign language.
Tennis is a lot more of a physical game now.
Tennis is a mental game.
Tennis is a nursing major.
Tennis is a physically demanding sport that can result in serious injury.
Tennis is a 'play for life' sport.
Tennis is a power sport.
Tennis is a psychological game.
Tennis is a regular part of every campers program.
Tennis is a rising to be a national power.
Tennis is a skill sport . . .
Tennis is a skill sport where repetition is the key.
Tennis is a sneaky game in that it's relatively easy to pick up yet extremely difficult to excel in.
Tennis is a social game, a game involving simple politeness and consideration.
Tennis is a sport but it also is entertainment.
Tennis is a sport enjoyed by many.
Tennis is a sport in which no two great players are alike.
Tennis is a sport in which staying in the moment and reacting effectively to adversity is rewarded.
Tennis is a sport of cooperation, good attitude, and friendship.
Tennis is a sport that an individual can participate in throughout a lifetime.
Tennis is a sport which one can learn to play over a period of time and develop as a lifetime sport.
Tennis is a sport with lots of science at work.
Tennis is a technological sport.
Tennis is a traditional game.
Tennis is a true international sport.
Tennis is a very accessible sport.
Tennis is a very emotional game, much like going up and down on a roller coaster.
Tennis is a wonderful game which can have a profound impact on one's life.
Tennis is a wonderful mix of power, touch, strategy, psychology, and endurance.
Tennis is a wonderful way to build the body, mind, endurance, and stamina.
Tennis is a year-round activity at Pine Crest.
Tennis is a year-round sport and it's hard to keep one's total commitment every day.
Tennis is also a sport that works for anyone at any fitness level.
Tennis is also available during low use times.
Tennis is also available for villa guests.
Tennis is also available nearby.
Tennis is also available on two outdoor courts.
Tennis is also available, as well as lessons with the tennis pro.
Tennis is also very popular, despite the heat.
Tennis is among the family hobbies.
Tennis is among the most international of sports, with tour events all over the globe.
Tennis is an anaerobic sport.
Tennis is an athletic game
Tennis is an exception, and like most sports it is more fun to play well than poorly.
Tennis is an exception.
Tennis is an exciting sport and fans can get involved.
Tennis is an exciting sport to watch and play.
Tennis is an extremely frustrating sport.
Tennis is an individual game, and they come as a team.
Tennis is an integral part of many lives in the Capital District, as well as the entire nation.
Tennis is an international sport.
Tennis is an interscholastic sport and only intersquad matches are played.
Tennis is an Olympic sport.
Tennis is and always has been a game of consistency.
Tennis is another big outdoor attraction.
Tennis is another example.
Tennis is another excellent summer activity.
Tennis is another option, with several available facilities.
Tennis is apparently OK with homosexualism.
Tennis is available at a nearby tennis court.
Tennis is available at dozens of top-quality courts in the resort area.
Tennis is available at the hotel and a golf course is nearby.
Tennis is available at two excellently maintained facilities.
Tennis is available citywide and is very popular.
Tennis is available citywide at a variety of court facilities.
Tennis is available for free at the local schools.
Tennis is available nearby.
Tennis is available on numerous public and private courts.
Tennis is available on the outdoor courts.
Tennis is available on three courts and all are lit for night play.
Tennis is available on two outdoor tennis courts.
Tennis is available when there is a free court.
Tennis is built as a pyramid.
Tennis is Chile's most successful sport.
Tennis is conductive to day and night players.
Tennis is day or night on two all-weather courts.
Tennis is easy.
Tennis is enjoyed by people of all ages for a lifetime.
Tennis is exercises.
Tennis is first come, first serve.
Tennis is followed by a casual dinner, raffle and silent auction.
Tennis is for the most part a solitary sort of sport.
Tennis is fun and good exercise to stimulate that apetite before a sumpuous meal in our dining room.
Tennis is fun and instructional with tournament fun on our seven lakold courts.
Tennis is fun to be around.
Tennis is fun.
Tennis is fun.
Tennis is games.
Tennis is good exercise.
Tennis is held exclusively after the school day.
Tennis is held in the Spring.
Tennis is high on the list, too.
Tennis is in some trouble.
Tennis is introduced on campus.
Tennis is just one of the things.
Tennis is just what the name describes.
Tennis is like a musical instrument.
Tennis is like dance.
Tennis is located only one mile from the hotel.
Tennis is long rallies, touch volleys, and lunging overheads.
Tennis is magazines.
Tennis is more individual.
Tennis is more than just good forehands and backhands.
Tennis is nearby.
Tennis is now a sport that is played at the Olympics .
Tennis is now a sport that is played at the Olympics.
Tennis is offered as a complimentary amenity to the guests.
Tennis is offered as an instructional activity, free choice or as an inter-camp competition option.
Tennis is official after the first point of the first set has been played.
Tennis is on the brink of change, on and off court.
Tennis is on the grounds and golfing nearby.
Tennis is one of only two sports that increased in TV viewership in the last two years.
Tennis is one of the best-kept secrets in sport.
Tennis is one of the eight events disabled athletes are able to enter.
Tennis is one of the fastest growing spectator sports.
Tennis is one of the few sports where men and women compete at the same event.
Tennis is one sport that makes a great videogame because of the speed and intricacies of the game.
Tennis is only the beginning.
Tennis is outdoor sports.
Tennis is part of a wider program.
Tennis is played indoors, sometimes for high stakes.
Tennis is popular in the area with public and private courts available for play.
Tennis is popular, too.
Tennis is popular.
Tennis is powered by a rivalry that has produced great duels.
Tennis is provided in the schools, with class size projects and small group clinics.
Tennis is so individualized.
Tennis is sports.
Tennis is still a thinking game, so play smart.
Tennis is still a very strategic game.
Tennis is still important but in a different way, a kind of much more controlled way.
Tennis is still part of the picture, too.
Tennis is still the greatest game on earth.
Tennis is such a mental game.
Tennis is tennis.
Tennis is the best sport.
Tennis is the closest thing to it, but it has a different kind of excitement to it.
Tennis is the first fall sport to begin practice.
Tennis is the hottest game in town and the main reason why most of the members join the club.
Tennis is the ideal sport that can be played year round and for a lifetime.
Tennis is the most interesting sport of all.
Tennis is the popular game of the city and tournaments are held regularly.
Tennis is the second most popular sport in the world behind soccer.
Tennis is the sport of a lifetime.
Tennis is the ultimate sport.
Tennis is there.
Tennis is very fun.
Tennis is very popular among Salvador 's elites .
Tennis is very popular among Salvador's elites.
Tennis is very relationship driven.
Tennis is video games.
Tennis isa game.
Tennis kicks ass.
Tennis lessons for ladies Learn to play tennis, then join a group of ladies playing weekly.
Tennis privileges on indoor and outdoor courts, with golf nearby.
Tennis provides an athletic experience for everyone.
Tennis provides good exercise and conditioning for all ages.
Tennis provides little in the way of Aerobic conditioning.
Tennis racquets with rocker stringing system for pain-free tennis.
Tennis seems like such an individual sport.
Tennis serves as an outlet from study.
Tennis surfaces from today's leader.
Tennis wear, racquets and shoes for sale.
A tenon is a projection
Tenon is a projection on the end of a piece of wood shaped for insertion into a mortise.
A tenor clef is a clef
Tenor clef is bass clef which has been transcribed up five notes, and is much less common.
Tenor sax is featured.
A tenor is a voice
Tenors are direction.
Tenors are located in choirs.
Tenors are located in choruses.
Tenors are located in jazz bands.
Tenors are located in operas.
Tenors are male singers.
Tenors are meaning.
Tenors are often small.
Tenors are only up to six months.
Tenors are pitch.
Tenors are singers.
Tenors face altos, and basses face the trebles.
Tenors face altos, basses the trebles.
Tenors get women by the score.
Tenors lead violent, stormy lives.
Tenors never have to waste time looking through the self-improvement section of the bookstore.
Tenors play the middle stave.
Tenors produce a sound an octave below low A and the bass drone produces an octave below the tenors.
Tenors run a sound check.
Tenors step down.
Many tenors dream of such a smooth transition and the secret is right on the video tape.
Tenpin soils are on old convex alluvial fans and remnants of dissected fans.
Tenrec isa insectivore.
Tenrecs are insectivores.
Tenrecs are mammals.
Tenrecs eat earthworms.
Tenrecs eat insects.
Tenrecs eat worms.
Tenrecs exhibit characteristics.
Tenrecs forage for food.
Tenrecs have (part) brains.
Tenrecs have (part) breasts.
Tenrecs have (part) cell membranes.
Tenrecs have (part) cells.
Tenrecs have (part) chest cavities.
Tenrecs have (part) chests.
Tenrecs have (part) corpi.
Tenrecs have (part) cytoplasm.
Tenrecs have (part) ears.
Tenrecs have (part) faces.
Tenrecs have (part) heads.
Tenrecs have (part) nuclei.
Tenrecs have (part) pedal extremities.
Tenrecs have (part) piluses.
Tenrecs have (part) plasma membranes.
Tenrecs have (part) rib cages.
Tenrecs have (part) sections.
Tenrecs have (part) skulls.
Tenrecs have (part) sterna.
Tenrecs have (part) vacuoles.
Tenrecs have (part) vertebrate feet.
Tenrecs have coats.
Tenrecs have excellent eyesights.
Tenrecs have eyesights.
Tenrecs have food.
Tenrecs have forelimb structures.
Tenrecs have long snouts.
Tenrecs have longitudinal stripes.
Tenrecs have muzzles.
Tenrecs have poor eyesights.
Tenrecs have sensitive whiskers.
Tenrecs have short tails.
Tenrecs have sides.
Tenrecs have snouts.
Tenrecs have spiny coats.
Tenrecs have stripes.
Tenrecs have structures.
Tenrecs have tails.
Tenrecs have whiskers.
Tenrecs have yellow stripes.
Tenrecs roll into balls.
Tenrecs are a diverse family of mammals that resemble shrews, mice and even otters.
Tenrecs are a family of mammals endemic to Africa.
Tenrecs are a unique and diverse family of mammals, from another world and another time.
Tenrecs are easy to desensitize to handling and can be handled by novice handlers.
Tenrecs are extraordinary.
Tenrecs are nocturnal and quite shy.
Tenrecs are quite the attraction.
Tenrecs are useful to humans because they consume large amounts of insects and small invertebrates.
Tenrecs are very capable and agile climbers.
Tenrecs can look like shrews, otters, moles and, well, tenrecs.
Tenrecs constitute a diverse group of insectivores confined to the island of Madagascar.
Tenrecs estivate during the dry season.
All tenrecs are nocturnal, most hibernate in the winter, and many are dormant in hot weather.
All tenrecs eat insects and invertebrates, like worms.
Most tenrecs eat earthworms.
Most tenrecs eat worms.
Most tenrecs have coats.
Most tenrecs have excellent eyesights.
Most tenrecs have eyesights.
Most tenrecs have food.
Most tenrecs have forelimb structures.
Most tenrecs have long snouts.
Most tenrecs have longitudinal stripes.
Most tenrecs have muzzles.
Most tenrecs have poor eyesights.
Most tenrecs have sensitive whiskers.
Most tenrecs have short tails.
Most tenrecs have sides.
Most tenrecs have snouts.
Most tenrecs have spiny coats.
Most tenrecs have stripes.
Most tenrecs have structures.
Most tenrecs have tails.
Most tenrecs have whiskers.
Most tenrecs have yellow stripes.
Some tenrecs have body temperature.
Some tenrecs have feet.
Some tenrecs have temperature.
Some tenrecs have variable temperature.
Some tenrecs hibernate through the hot dry season.
Some tenrecs live in burrows.
Some tenrecs look like mammals.
Some tenrecs reach maturity.
Some tenrecs reach sexual maturity.
Tense abdominals take the pressure off the back muscles.
Tense arousal is increased by pain, or watching TV violence, but is reduced by muscle relaxation.
Tense confrontation utilizes a stricter and more direct approach.
Tense muscles add to the feeling of breathlessness, and they make the act of breathing harder.
Tense muscles can actually squeeze off their own flow of energy and fuel.
Tense muscles constrict the blood vessels and inhibit circulation.
Tense muscles decrease flexibility and energy and increase pain and risk of injury.
Tense muscles go with predatory stalking.
Tense muscles make tight, forced sounds.
Tense muscles squeeze off their own flow of energy and fuel.
Tense riders result in tense horses.
Tense shift Be careful to stay in a consistent tense.
Tense shifts are inappropriate and are indicated in bold .
Tense shoulders loosen.
Some tense times are ahead.
Tense vowels have longer duration and higher intensity than corresponding lax vowels.
A tense is a category
Tenses are also very important in Spanish.
Tenses are the same as in English.
Tenses are the ways a language expresses the past, present, and future.
Tenses cause tenses.
Tenses give some indication of time.
All tenses can use the active voice.
All tenses can use the passive voice.
Tensile load is a function of the speed of rotation.
Tensile strain is the enlongation of an object in tension.
Tensile strength drops.
Tensile strength is dispositions.
Tensile strength is durability
Tensile strength is indicative of the serviceability of many papers.
Tensile strength is measured by pulling on the fabric from both ends.
Tensile strength is much greater along the grain than across the grain.
Tensile strength is much stronger and more rigid, durable clamps are the result.
Tensile strength is one of the most important requisites of cloth.
Tensile strength is perhaps the single p most important property of engineering materials.
Tensile strength is the ability to withstand a pull.
Tensile strength is the average strength of new rope under laboratory conditions.
Tensile strength is the resistance a metal has to being A. bent.
Tensile strength is the resistance a metal has to being bent compressed pulled apart twisted.
Tensile strength is the resistance of a material to being pulled apart laterally.
Tensile strength is the resistance of a material to stretching without rupture.
Tensile stress develops as an object in tension resists being enlongated.
Tensile stress is exerted equally over the entire joint straight and away from the adhesive bond.
Tensile stress is measured in psi.
Tensile stress is the opposite of compressive stress .
Tensile stress is the opposite of compressive stress.
Tensile test are the most commonly made and among the simplest of all mechanical tests.
Tensile tests produce a stress-strain diagram, which is used to determine tensile modulus.
Tensile testing shows the forged rings to be more than twice as strong as the machined version.
A tensiometer is an instrument
Tensiometer surface potential apparatus.
Tensiometers are devices that measure the soil water tension by acting like a mechanical root.
Tensiometers are fairly reliable and effective when checked and maintained properly.
Tensiometers are quite affordable for scheduling irrigation.
Tensiometers are relatively expensive to purchase and require regular maintenance.
Tensiometers are useful for monitoring the soil water status while run times are being shortened.
Tensiometers are well adapted to sandier soils.
Tensiometers come in various lengths.
Tensiometers consist of a tube with a porous ceramic cup at one end and a gauge at the other.
Tensiometers do have some limitations.
Tensiometers fail when air bubbles develop in the water column.
Tensiometers give a direct reading of the soil moisture tension existing in the rootzone.
Tensiometers indirectly measure soil moisture tension.
Tensiometers measure the matric potential directly.
Tensiometers only measure soil moisture in one spot.
Tensiometers report soil moisture in centibars.
Some tensiometers have an attached Bourdon vacuum gauge.
A tension headache is a headache
Tension headache can occur at any age, but chronic tension-type headache is rare in children.
Tension headache is a form of muscular contraction headache.
Tension headache is a result of contraction of the neck and scalp muscles.
Tension headache is a severe but temporary form of muscle-contraction headache.
Tension headache is caused by prolonged tightening of muscles in the head and neck.
Tension headache is one of the most common forms of headache .
Tension headache is one of the most common forms of headache.
Tension headaches are different then migraine headaches in several ways.
Tension headaches are headaches.
Tension headaches are more common as the day progresses since tension increases with time.
Tension headaches are most common, as they are with adults.
Tension headaches are nothing more than a nuisance.
Tension headaches are the head pain typically caused by mental stress.
Tension headaches are the most common form of headache.
Tension headaches are the most common type of headache.
Tension headaches are the most common.
Tension headaches are the most frequent.
Tension headaches are usually dull, steady, aching pains on both sides of the head.
Tension headaches are very common.
Tension headaches can affect anyone Chronic tension headaches occur frequently.
Tension headaches can also develop in response to stress or anxiety.
Tension headaches disappear instantly and neck and lower back pain are relieved just as well.
Tension headaches give a sensation of tightness that completely encircles the head.
Tension headaches is triggered by psychological and physical stress.
Tension Headaches Learn what factors can trigger a headache and what common treatments work best.
Tension headaches produce steady pain, like pressure or tightening, instead of throbbing.
Tension headaches result from muscle strain, or contraction.
Tension headaches seem to be an equal-opportunity affliction.
Some tension headaches become so severe that they develop into a migraine.
Tension members can be much thinner than compression members.
Tension pneumothorax is a life-threatening emergency.
Tension pneumothorax is a serious and potentially life-threatening form of pneumothorax.
Tension pneumothorax is a surgical emergency.
Tension pneumothorax is the most common life-threatening manifestation of barotrauma.
Tension rods are preferable for window treatments.
Tension rods hold the gathered fabric in place between the walls of the firebox.
Tension set is a method whereby the entire piece acts as a spring to hold the gemstone in place.
Tension structures use fabrics as the primarily structural element.
Tension wood is common resulting in fuzzy grain in most operations.
Tension wood is frequently present, causing a fuzzy surface when cut.
Tension also causes a smaller mouth opening, resulting in a smaller sound.
Tension also increases brain chemicals that lead to overeating.
Tension also leads to muscle fatigue, and muscle fatigue feels like muscle weakness.
Tension applied by the spindle fibers aligns all chromosomes in one plane at the center of the cell.
Tension arises from interaction.
Tension arises from strong interaction.
Tension arises in deciding whether to bring about change or to maintain the status quo.
Tension arises when different health belief systems confront one another.
Tension arises when the two reach different conclusions.
Tension becomes more intolerable.
Tension becomes unbearable and the effects are visible both physically and mentally.
Tension brings the body in conflict with the mind.
Tension builds and loyalties shift when the scandalous secret is revealed.
Tension builds and repressed desires sizzle to the surface, threatening their quiet existence.
Tension builds as the plot evolves, until everyone is wound as tight as a spring.
Tension builds as they approach their target.
Tension builds as they try to reach safety while the town below is destroyed.
Tension builds before the preliminary test.
Tension builds exponentially in motorcycle racing.
Tension builds in area.
Tension builds in some way.
Tension builds in the beginning stage, eventually leading to explosion and battery.
Tension builds in the line for The Racer.
Tension builds towards the last race.
Tension builds until one character changes directions or decides to change things.
Tension builds up to a mutiny, but a typhoon forces all to cooperate to save themselves.
Tension builds when they discover the pooch is the target of mob assassins.
Tension builds with gesture, expression and tone.
Tension builds with the summer heat as the wedding approaches.
Tension builds, like the days before a Super Bowl game.
Tension can also arise over payment.
Tension can also develop around the children in the household.
Tension can be both productive and unproductive for an organization.
Tension can be manual, such as with friction massage, joint mobilization, or exercise.
Tension can break things.
Tension can build up at home, with each family member having their own fears, worries, anger etc.
Tension can create involvement, interest and creativity.
Tension can interfere with memory, so learn to relax.
Tension can manifest itself in many ways.
Tension can occur because men and women often relate to situations differently.
Tension causes distress.
Tension causes gastrointestinal distress.
Tension causes muscle spasm and pain.
Tension causes muscles to become shorter, compacted and very hard, losing their fluidity.
Tension comes from the main characters opposing each other or striving for something.
Tension constricts our lungs, taking away their suppleness and flexibility.
Tension continues in prisons throughout Turkey where inmates are still holding guards hostage.
Tension continues over use of depleted uranium in Balkans.
Tension contributes to lack of awareness.
Tension controls how sharply the curve bends at an input point.
Tension created by the ambient sound effects really completes the game.
Tension created by the discrepancy creates action.
Tension created by transpiration is only effective because of the cohesive property of water.
Tension creates a crisis that makes apathy difficult to cling to.
Tension creates a restriction of easy deeper breathing.
Tension creates drama.
Tension creates tight muscles which, in turn, cause stagnation and blockages throughout the body.
Tension decides the frequency an object vibrates.
Tension decreases at constant radius causing decreased pressure.
Tension decreases the body's ability to bring oxygen into the circulatory system.
Tension decreases with exposure to blue light and increases with red.
Tension develops because responsibilities appear to overlap.
Tension dictates snare response and also affects the overall pitch of the drum to some extent.
Tension disappears downward.
Tension does exist, but it's elsewhere right now.
Tension drops as presidents agree to resume negotiations.
Tension equals relaxation.
Tension escalates when the situation becomes personal vendetta between the two.
Tension exists around such areas as lack of cooperation and lack of outreach at the local level.
Tension exists between recreational users and land owners.
Tension exists between the two groups even though both earn very little.
Tension fills the air along with the protracted silence.
Tension fills the air every time IT and business meet.
Tension fills the air.
Tension fills the police chase, as the victims try to make the best of their bad situation.
Tension floats in the air and everyone is waiting, more than usual, for something to happen.
Tension gets results.
Tension gives life, the potential of change.
Tension gives stability and balance to the life of the church.
Tension gives stability to the image.
Tension goes up and productivity goes down.
Tension gradually leaves the body and is replaced with profound relaxation.
Tension grips the air.
Tension grows as test day approaches.
Tension grows, people get angry and they let themselves do ugly things.
Tension hangs heavy in the air.
Tension has been brewing at the company for a year, people familiar with the situation say.
Tension has no place in the act of winning.
Tension has the effect of pulling and elongating.
Tension headaches involves more of the scalp muscle and leads to a more prolonged pain sensation.
Tension headaches The most common.
Tension headaches themselves are often actually migraines.
Tension hurts comedy.
Tension impedes the flow of psychic energy like a knot in a hosepipe impedes the flow of water.
Tension increases at constant radius causing increased pressure.
Tension increases when one is both the pursuer and the pursued.
Tension increases with the arrival of each new guest.
Tension indicates the oil is having a negative impact, while relaxation suggests a positive one.
Tension is a better word than conflict.
Tension is a force and the lower the mass at a constant speed the less the tension.
Tension is a force to stretch a beam in one direction.
Tension is a habit.
Tension is a killer.
Tension is a load which stretches or lengthens a structure.
Tension is a measure of negative pressure.
Tension is a pull that stretches the structure.
Tension is a pulling force - it stretches materials.
Tension is a self- defeating obstruction.
Tension is a strange sensation.
Tension is a swing-destroyer.
Tension is a vital part of any gymnasts conditioning program.
Tension is Absent.
Tension is achieved by slight modulations in the main theme from section to section.
Tension is adjusted by adding washers inside the screw.
Tension is adjusted on the second spring to adjust the period of system.
Tension is adjusted via a small screw at the tip of the button.
Tension is adjusted with seven screws.
Tension is all that holds carpeting on the tack strip.
Tension is also high over Taiwan, human rights, Tibet and Chinese detention of U.S. academics.
Tension is also still high in the city.
Tension is an enemy when it comes to racing.
Tension is an important trigger for fights.
Tension is another type of axial loading.
Tension is apparently high between locals and the dependent refugees.
Tension is applied and released with the sleeve lever.
Tension is applied by turning the levers inserted in the lines.
Tension is applied to the flywheel through a nylon strap.
Tension is applied to the towing line by the winch operator.
Tension is atheism in science iii.
Tension is balance.
Tension is built carefully in 'The Author' packed with location recordings of children's and cars.
Tension is built rather than released.
Tension is built up gradually towards the accent and decreased afterwards.
Tension is built with skill and without the obvious.
Tension is caused by problems.
Tension is caused when cattle are grouped together with unfamiliar cattle.
Tension is comprehensive, attractive, and gravitational.
Tension is comprehensively without law.
Tension is conditions.
Tension Is contraction of the skeletal muscles of the body.
Tension is coterminous with life.
Tension is created and sustained without rest.
Tension is created between two bodies, the exterior brick shell and interior steel framework.
Tension is created by a coil spring.
Tension is created by movement of the weaver s body.
Tension is created by uncertainty.
Tension is created through the nervousness of the guards and their ignorance about what is going on.
Tension is defined as the stress caused by the action of pulling forces.
Tension is determined by the thickness of the neck.
Tension is directed along the axis of the object.
Tension is eased, circulation is increased and elimination is improved.
Tension is easy to adjust.
Tension is essential to the existence and functioning of the bow and the lyre.
Tension is eternity.
Tension is gone.
Tension is good when it produces new ideas and processes.
Tension is healthy.
Tension is high after Israeli soldiers shot dead a man near the West Bank town of Bethlehem.
Tension is high as administrators and principals await the exam results, due out in early fall.
Tension is high for everyone.
Tension is high in the control room.
Tension is high, there is very little to do and the food is consistently poor.
Tension is high.
Tension is important in sustaining chemistry.
Tension is inescapable in the capital.
Tension is inherently integral and eternally, invisibly, infinitely comprehensive.
Tension is inherently total.
Tension is kept within a normal constructive range.
Tension is located in meetings.
Tension is magnetic, and is fully adjustable via the screw just forward of the trunnion.
Tension is maintained by the horizontal jack screw at the far right.
Tension is maintained by the protagonists each learning to trust the other.
Tension is maintained on the battery by a plastic clip.
Tension is maintained on the main rope by the other members of the team.
Tension is mental or emotional strain, suspense, anxiety, or excitement .
Tension is mental or emotional strain, suspense, anxiety, or excitement.
Tension is monitored on a strip chart recorder in the electronics lab.
Tension is natural.
Tension is on the way down.
Tension is only a problem when it interferes with the ability to achieve objectives.
Tension is part of the game.
Tension is placed on both strands below the tip of the clamp as the first throw of the knot is tied.
Tension is positive.
Tension is Present.
Tension is produced by anxiety.
Tension is produced by two forces pulling in opposite directions along the same straight line.
Tension is provided by moving the appropriate axis of the micromanipulator.
Tension is read in pounds.
Tension is reality.
Tension is related to the weight and the acceleration.
Tension is released as new possible alliances appear.
Tension is released by sending relaxing impulses through the body.
Tension is released through arguing.
Tension is released when a secret that reverses the protagonist's fortunes is revealed.
Tension is replaced with a more pleasurable sensation.
Tension is resistance to being pulled apart or stretched.
Tension is singular.
Tension is slightly adjustable using set screws in center section.
Tension is so thick in the office everyone feels it and productivity is falling .
Tension is still high in many areas of commerce.
Tension is strain
Tension is strain.
Tension is stress, and stress causes symptoms.
Tension is stress.
Tension is stretching.
Tension is the amount of pulling force applied to the cable.
Tension is the balance of pull between the upper or needle thread and the lower or bobbin thread.
Tension is the body killer.
Tension is the body's attempt to manage underlying emotional dilemmas.
Tension is the condition of being stretched.
Tension is the curse of golf.
Tension is the dynamic that enables string to function.
Tension is the enemy of a good golf swing.
Tension is the enemy of natural movements.
Tension is the force that results if two forces are pulling on the ends of an object.
Tension is the force which lengthens or expands what it s acting on.
Tension is the great killer in golf.
Tension is the key.
Tension is the magnitude of the force exerted by a chain or a rope or a string.
Tension is the number one enemy of hitters.
Tension is the wood combined with interlocked grain can cause fuzzing.
Tension is to be found wherever one looks.
Tension is unavoidable, but it can be managed with greater attention to the public message.
Tension is used to express water potential with positive numbers.
Tension is very high.
Tension is very much an individual phenomenon in academics.
Tension is when our bodies feel stiff and our muscles are pulled tight.
Tension isa condition.
Tension leads to fear.
Tension leaves the client's body relatively quickly.
Tension makes for drama and humor and compelling storytelling.
Tension makes things interesting.
Tension means emotion, and emotions intensify the authentic experience.
Tension mounts up.
Tension naturally constricts muscles and can affect bodily functions.
Tension needs urgent attention to avoid hypertension.
Tension opens the album in a rather furious mood, drawing some punk inspiration to the frontline.
Tension overcomes the swing and a poor shot results.
Tension produces energy.
Tension produces normal faults on either side of a rift valley which is a central graben.
Tension provides centripetal acceleration, gravity provides tangential acceleration.
Tension pulls the body out of alignment.
Tension raises the tone, and relaxation lowers it.
Tension really kills.
Tension refers to how tightly the string is stretched.
Tension related to everyday problems can cause headaches and even migraines.
Tension remains high.
Tension restricts blood flow and inhibits the body's ability to repair itself.
Tension results from different forces acting on different parts of the body.
Tension rises as some heckle.
Tension rises as the guests drop.
Tension Rises Between India and Pakistan in Kashmir.
Tension rises in Europe.
Tension rises in south Lebanon as Israel builds up military force.
Tension rises in south Lebanon.
Tension rises in southern Iraq as Iraqi forces pursue detention, random execution campaigns.
Tension seems to be released, and often, the relationship seems to improve.
Tension simmers daily between the groups.
Tension slowly builds up in our lives like magma increasing in pressure under a volcano dome.
Tension slowly builds up until what is searched for is found.
Tension slows the speed that the muscles move.
Tension stems from prejudice among freshmen.
Tension suffocates the moment.
Tension tends to concentrate around acupressure points.
Tension tends toward arcs of increasing radius.
Tension turns bricks red.
Tension vibrates through the air as though it was an almost physical force.
Tensions abound . . .
Tensions abound in the high stakes competition.
Tensions Again Rise on Korean Peninsula.
Tensions apparently are high.
Tensions are acute and solutions are being replaced with technology and economic welfare.
Tensions are always part of life.
Tensions are at an all-time high.
Tensions are at the breaking point, the stakes are high.
Tensions are high and global economic tensions heighten as well.
Tensions are high and soon a shootout occurs between the rival gangs.
Tensions are high as people seek answers to pressing questions.
Tensions are high as the Soviet war effort is going very badly in Europe.
Tensions are high because of low lumber prices and mill closures across the country.
Tensions are high because the stakes are high.
Tensions are high during the holidays in prison.
Tensions are high for many as they scramble to collect emergency supplies.
Tensions are high over the North's potential nuclear weapons capacity.
Tensions are high, and harsh words begin to flow.
Tensions are high.
Tensions are higher at the Macedonian border as well.
Tensions are inevitable in any organization and they can be destructive.
Tensions are likely to persist on the sectarian front too.
Tensions are more consistent, with less scatter.
Tensions are mounting and violence is erupting.
Tensions are mounting.
Tensions are natural.
Tensions are notes added to a seventh chord by extending the chord upwards in thirds.
Tensions are palpable there, according to the German daily.
Tensions are perhaps what a writer feeds on.
Tensions are relaxed.
Tensions are self and group determined.
Tensions are so high that security for the national convention is being amplified.
Tensions are, in a very real sense, a part of the landscape.
Tensions arise at work.
Tensions arise when politicians want quick solutions to problems that require long-term commitments.
Tensions become most acute during the two weeks before and after the soldiers' return.
Tensions begin to heat up.
Tensions break out in the city and fighting erupts.
Tensions build and angry words fly.
Tensions build and explode.
Tensions build as the man falls in love with another woman, who has also experienced a recent loss.
Tensions build between the triads and the cops, and a street brawl ensues.
Tensions build from many directions, ending in a single tragic event.
Tensions build in the apartment throughout the summer.
Tensions build upon one another.
Tensions build, and most abusers become violent again.
Tensions build, and often elevates into physical abuse.
Tensions build, and sometimes it elevates to physical abuse.
Tensions build, secrets are spilled, and more comes out in the open.
Tensions can also arise from the roles that actors in either field play in times of conflict.
Tensions can arise.
Tensions can be destructive, and tensions can be creative.
Tensions can build.
Tensions can rise suddenly though following changes in the whole Middle Eastern situation.
Tensions can run high.
Tensions climb around Israel and in Africa.
Tensions continue between India and Pakistan over Kashmir.
Tensions continue on the Korean Peninsula.
Tensions continue to percolate between the Washington police and throngs of scrappy protestors.
Tensions continue with two or three western bombing raids a week over Iraq in the year since.
Tensions develop between Zionist colonists and Palestinian farmers in region of Tiberius.
Tensions do exist in the Middle East.
Tensions ease in the garden as family and friends mingle.
Tensions erupt into murder and kidnapping threatening to engulf the region in a bloodbath.
Tensions erupt over how dads divide their time among the two families, as well.
Tensions escalate as alcohol adds fuel to the fire.
Tensions escalate as both sides harden their positions.
Tensions escalate in Washington D.C. and Moscow.
Tensions exist all over Germany due to what both sides feel are unfulfilled expectations.
Tensions exist among departments and concentrations and programs over annual course offerings.
Tensions exist because of injustice.
Tensions exist on boards and commissions, between pastors and laity, between laity and laity.
Tensions flare and people become more mobile and less connected.
Tensions flare between China and Taiwan .
Tensions flare between India and Pakistan over Kashmir.
Tensions flare within the group as the film builds to a deadly climax.
Tensions have yet to be defused.
Tensions heighten as the superpowers engage in a high-stakes arms race and space race.
Tensions here can rise suddenly however following changes in the whole Middle Eastern situation.
Tensions increase as evidence points to foul play being involved in the crash of the advance ship.
Tensions increase as human rights violations continue.
Tensions increase over Oklahoma City explosion begins to explain the apprehension of the government.
Tensions lead to unrest, unrest to conflict, and conflict to political instability.
Tensions lie along socioeconomic lines, a signature of many college towns.
Tensions mount and a polarized nation moves toward civil war.
Tensions mount and a race war is nearly started.
Tensions mount as moral structures are crumbling.
Tensions mount between America and China.
Tensions mount in a collision of East and West, past and present, and duty and passion.
Tensions mount in a collision of East with West, past with present, duty with passion.
Tensions mount in Ireland, but the day ends peacefully.
Tensions mount in the aftermath of the rebel victory in New York.
Tensions mount in the East.
Tensions mount in Zimbabwe, as troops fired teargas today against student rioters.
Tensions mount on the set.
Tensions mount until war breaks out between the nations.
Tensions mount, and a riot breaks out.
Tensions mount, particularly in the Middle East.
Tensions occasionally run high between certain ethnic groups.
Tensions persist in key areas of women s lives.
Tensions reach peak but hostilities avoided.
Tensions remain and sex is on the agenda.
Tensions remain at a very high level in education right now.
Tensions remain high as militias have threatened locals and the peacekeepers.
Tensions remain high despite the apparent truce.
Tensions remain high in both Albania and Macedonia.
Tensions remain high in Burundi.
Tensions remain high in Kashmir.
Tensions remain high.
Tensions remain over the lifting of economic sanctions and the continuing airstrikes against Iraq.
Tensions remain razor sharp and the danger of a new war is never far off in Korea.
Tensions ride high in El Salvador, and no one is immune.
Tensions rise and mutiny abounds.
Tensions rise and tempers flare in the New Hampshire primary campaigns.
Tensions rise and tempers flare until a beach party culminates in murder.
Tensions rise as each member struggles to come to terms with the situation.
Tensions rise as subway workers strike Striking subway workers threatened with dismissal.
Tensions rise as Taiwan prepares for presidential election.
Tensions rise as the love triangle culminates in a violent end.
Tensions rise as they work together to bring in the grain.
Tensions rise between India and Pakistan .
Tensions rise between Soviet forces and Afghan rebels .
Tensions rise between Soviet forces and Afghan rebels.
Tensions rise between the police and squatters in a local park.
Tensions rise extremely high, and sothe press takes an active interest.
Tensions rise in civil-military relations based on such disparities.
Tensions rise in Kosovo, Yugoslavia.
Tensions rise in Kosovo.
Tensions rise, and both blacks and whites arm themselves with guns and other weapons.
Tensions run high all along the border.
Tensions run high amongst the Human leaders.
Tensions run high and many people are affected.
Tensions run high between India and Pakistan, particularly over Kashmir.
Tensions run high in Kosovo.
Tensions run high in the district, and rumors of a teachers strike abound.
Tensions run high undersea, when the launch message is received, followed by an incomplete followup.
Tensions run high, with both sides accusing each other of provocation.
Tensions run high.
Tensions run quite high.
Tensions show no sign of abating.
Tensions simmer and boil over in the Lebanese capital Beirut.
Tensions simmer in Aboriginal community after weekend riot.
Tensions still exist between the government and the Polish minority.
Tensions still remain in regards to the hormone regulations and other NTBs imposed by both sides.
Tensions surface in public-private preschool plans.
Tensions tend to mount in the days before the test.
Tensions always run high in the final days of the session.
Tensions always run higher when certain guys get together.
Tensions frequently emerge over payment arrears on imports of natural gas.
Tension often builds up in the neck and shoulders due to stress or neck and upper limb injury.
Tension often reaches the boiling point when children feel they are facing a source of stress alone.
Tensions often exist between grassroots, neighborhood efforts and more top-down regional planning.
Tensions often rise.
Tension usually represents vacancy rather than repletion.
Tension usually returns to equilibrium when the change is known, understood and complete.
All tension gives way to relaxation.
All tensions listed below are in stocking stitch unless otherwise stated.
Any tension swiftly turns into farce.
More tension means less blood flow, and the cycle continues.
More tension moves the line of maximum camber forward and slightly reduces the camber.
Most tension arises from interaction.
Most tension arises from strong interaction.
Most tension causes distress.
Most tension causes gastrointestinal distress.
Most tension is caused by problems.
Most tension leads to fear.
Most tension produces energy.
Much tension still exists between Nigerian people along the line of ethnicities.
Some tension comes from minds.
Some tension has effects.
Some tension has profound effects.
Some tension is caused by injuries.
Some tension is good for learning.
Some tension is normal and good, but too much is incapacitating.
Some tension is normal.
Some tension leads to protests.
Some tension regulates maturation.
Some tension remains over border disputes.
Some tension results in conversions.
Some tensions exist between the major religious communities.
Some tensions exist however.
Tensional stress are open white principal axes and compressional stress are black principal axes.
Tensional stress pulls matter apart.
Tensor calculus is reviewed, followed by discussions on the geometry of motion and on stress.
Tensor indices can also occur in prescript positions.
Tensor maps allow growth rates to be mapped in an individual child.
Tensor products occur whenever a system has two or more independent degrees of freedom.
A tensor is a muscle
Tensor laminae posterioris vaginae musculi recti.
Tensors are functions from vectors and one-forms to the real numbers, linear in all their arguments.
Tensors are functions.
Tensors are muscles.
Tensors are variables.
Tensors have an associated rank from zero to infinity.
Tensors reverse the conventional wisdom.
Tent campers are also welcome.
Tent campers are welcome at that site.
Tent campers are welcome in specially designated areas.
Tent campers are welcome.
Tent campers get the worst spots of all near the playground in an open and exposed area.
Tent campers have water at each site and a centrally located picnic shelter and bath house.
Tent campers welcome.
Tent camping is a bit chancy.
Tent camping is available and there is a shelter with a fireplace.
Tent camping is available at our Flight Park, free of charge.
Tent camping is available at several sites, some with water and rustic shelters.
Tent camping is available for single or group camping.
Tent camping is available next to the bunk house and campers have access to indoor plumbing.
Tent camping is available on a wooded plateau overlooking the river.
Tent camping is available.
Tent camping is free at Skydive City, anyone is welcome to pull in and set up.
Tent camping is free on the beach.
Tent camping is free on the grounds.
Tent camping is free, a bunkhouse and other accomodations are also available.
Tent camping is free.
Tent camping is in a separate area, with nearby rest rooms and water.
Tent camping is preferred, but space is available in the cabin.
Tent camping is welcome in all areas at both campgrounds.
Tent camping is welcome.
Tent camping remains the most popular type of camping.
A tent caterpillar is a caterpillar
Tent caterpillars are active in southeastern North Dakota and western Minnesota.
Tent caterpillars are also subject to a virus disease called wilt.
Tent caterpillars are animals.
Tent caterpillars are caterpillars.
Tent caterpillars are densely hairy and often brightly colored.
Tent caterpillars are hairy black worms.
Tent caterpillars are more of a nuisance than actually detrimental to overall tree health and vigor.
Tent caterpillars are pests.
Tent caterpillars are primarily a nuisance.
Tent caterpillars are widely polyphagous eating many forest shrubs and trees.
Tent caterpillars can cause considerable defoliation.
Tent caterpillars can completely defoliate shrubs.
Tent caterpillars can defoliate the entire tree.
Tent caterpillars contain oxalic acid and have irritating hairs.
Tent caterpillars eat the leaves of fruit trees, birch and many other trees.
Tent caterpillars feed on young leaves in the spring.
Tent caterpillars have one generation per year.
Tent caterpillars infest cherry trees.
Tent caterpillars infest trees.
Tent caterpillars live in a large, silken tents in the crotches of trees.
Tent caterpillars live in groups within a silken tent.
Tent caterpillars make large webbed nests in trees then eat the foliage.
Tent caterpillars make nests to live in but leave the nests to feed.
Tent caterpillars make silken tents to live in while they feed on their host trees.
Tent caterpillars make their webs at tree crotches and are spring pests.
Tent caterpillars produce only one generation per year.
Tent caterpillars spend the winter as egg masses on branches.
Some tent caterpillars destroy trees.
Some tent caterpillars do damage.
Tent cities are encampments.
Tent cities are in areas of Central Taiwan.
Tent cities choke the peaceful scene with cars, dust, and smoke.
Tent cities continue to be constructed for survivors of the earthquake in Turkey.
Tent city is almost a party zone after the field - no cover in the tent areas and no battle rattle.
Tent City is no more.
Tent City remains for three years.
Tent d cor our forte.
Tent design varies by tribe and by region.
Tent life is a economical and adventurous way to attend the program.
Tent material is flammable.
Tent meetings take a lot of physical work and a lot of looking after details.
Tent package includes tent, fly, stakes, stuff sack, guy line.
Tent package includes tents, fly, poles, stuff sack, stakes, guy line.
Tent platforms are also available.
Some tent platforms are well off in the woods near the river.
Tent poles are strapped under the top box rack.
Tent poles can be useful.
Tent poles go on top, holding everything down.
Tent poles hold the tent form.
Tent poles rest in the pond on their bases and keep the pond's cover above the water.
Tent rental is recommended.
Tent space is also available.
Tent space is limited and on a first come basis.
Tent space is limited.
A tent stitch is a stitch
Tent stitch is just fine.
Tent trailers are relatively inexpensive to buy.
A tent is shelter
Tent hens with foil to keep warm.
Tent isa shelter.
Tents also offer more protection from annoying insects.
Tents are a fact of life for Vermont weddings.
Tents are a mess.
Tents are also available at a small charge.
Tents are also available for rent.
Tents are also available, furnished with twin beds, electricity, and a fan.
Tents are also available.
Tents are also part of the construction, suggesting the transient sculpture of the harbour .
Tents are always a good idea to have on hand.
Tents are among the most important keys to enjoyable camping with young ones.
Tents are among the oldest forms of shelter.
Tents are available for larger functions.
Tents are available for rent as well.
Tents are available for rent for the T.I.D.B.R.F. weekend.
Tents are available for rental.
Tents are available if required.
Tents are available in a variety of colors.
Tents are available upon request.
Tents are available, although most choose to sleep under the stars.
Tents are black and white canvas, with insignia on the roof.
Tents are capable of shelter.
Tents are clean, and private.
Tents are double occupancy.
Tents are everywhere.
Tents are generally a pain in the butt.
Tents are golf's answer to the luxury box.
Tents are great for camping.
Tents are great.
Tents are in short supply and public buildings such as schools and halls are already overcrowded.
Tents are in the background.
Tents are in view in background.
Tents are just great in general.
Tents are large walk-in style with ensuite toilet and bucket shower.
Tents are located in backpacks.
Tents are located in state parks.
Tents are located in wood.
Tents are made of flexible materials.
Tents are made of materials.
Tents are made of such materials.
Tents are OK, but they take time to set up and take down.
Tents are on each terminal.
Tents are pitched, bags are unpacked, and the fun begins.
Tents are relegated to a temporary role.
Tents are shelter.
Tents are so lightweight and compact they can be pitched on the tiniest precipice.
Tents are spacious with their own bathroom.
Tents are temporary shelter.
Tents are the least expensive shelter, of course.
Tents are the most common form of shelter used on the mountain.
Tents are the rule and sandbag barricades are absent.
Tents are used for camping.
Tents are used for shelter or as resting places.
Tents are very vulnerable, even zipped up.
Tents are web.
Tents are welcome as well.
Tents are welcome at camp although the fee is the same as staying in a cabin.
Tents are welcome.
Tents can fit one person.
Tents can get expensive.
Tents can materialize into the most elegant of ballrooms when tastefully decorated.
Tents Click on the image below for a larger view and for secure ordering.
Tents come and go, new neighbours arrive, different patterns create new pathways.
Tents come in a variety of shapes and sizes, flashy colors and shiny zippers.
Tents come in a variety of shapes and sizes.
Tents come in a variety of shapes on sizes.
Tents come in all different sizes.
Tents come in all shapes and sizes.
Tents come in different price ranges.
Tents come in many styles and sizes.
Tents crowd the landscape.
Tents do a couple of things that are, at times, contradictory with each other.
Tents fail, observers quail, and a tree within throwing distance from many campers is electrocuted.
Tents fall down.
Tents get to choose between woods or open field.
Tents give a semblance of safety.
Tents have (part) bases.
Tents have (part) guy cables.
Tents have (part) guy ropes.
Tents have (part) guy wire.
Tents have (part) sections.
Tents have canvas walls.
Tents have comfortable elevated beds complete with mattresses, sheets, blankets and pillows.
Tents have cots and mats.
Tents have frameworks.
Tents have height.
Tents have to be erected.
Tents have view of the lagoon which abounds with bird life.
Tents have walls.
Tents is a leading manufacturer and distributor of outdoor tents, canopies and seasonal structures.
Tents mark the position in a corner formed by the sea to the east and the river to the south.
Tents meet regularly, carry out various interesting activities.
Tents now come with fabric that is made flame retardant.
Tents offer elegance and dependability for all types of special events.
Tents offer extreme flexibility for decoration, design and special effects.
Tents offer no safety on open ground.
Tents provide a cover from the outside.
Tents remain indoor.
Tents require durability and toughness.
Tents rustle, and inhabitants slip out of down-filled sleeping bags.
Tents sprout from the parking lot.
Tents symbolize joy, excitement and adventure - the feeling that anything is possible.
Tents vary a lot in quality and cost.
Tents welcome, canoeing nearby.
All tents afford views of the Mara River which is literally overflowing with hippopotamus.
All tents are climate-controlled with fans or heaters, and each housing tent has two telephones.
All tents are for younger people.
All tents are on wooden decks and some have excellent views of the sea or grasslands.
All tents are professionally and safely installed.
All tents are to have the flaps down and tied.
All tents are white unless otherwise noted.
All tents come with rope and tent blocks.
All tents face a waterhole where numerous animals regularly come to drink.
All tents feature the autofold system and packed in a small portable bag.
All tents have en-suite bathrooms and there is a dip pool for refuge from the midday heat.
All tents have ensuite showers with hot and cold water and flushing toilets.
All tents have solar lighting, insect screens and nets and ensuite facilities.
All tents have the same basic components.
All tents have their own private river frontage, with four-poster beds.
Every tent becomes a little illuminated pyramid.
Every tent is huge and well appointed with ensuite bathroom.
Every tent is overcrowded.
Most tents are made of flexible materials.
Most tents are made of materials.
Most tents are made of such materials.
Most tents come with a rain cover.
Most tents have an external fly that covers the roof and walls of the tent.
Most tents have canvas walls.
Most tents have frameworks.
Most tents have height.
Most tents have low-voltage lighting and sometimes ceiling fans.
Most tents have walls.
Some tents are modular, in that several standardized sections function together as one system.
Some tents can have excellent headroom and have rectangular floor spaces.
Some tents have bidets, four-poster beds, beautiful wooden floors, or large bathtubs.
Some tents have windows.
Some tents offer a double-roof construction, which further decreases unwanted condensation.
Some tents offer cook holes for cold weather camping.
Tentacle snakes possess mild venom.
Tentacle snakes possess venom.
Tentacle snakes use prehensile tails.
Tentacle snakes use tails.
Most tentacle snakes possess mild venom.
Most tentacle snakes possess venom.
Most tentacle snakes use prehensile tails.
Most tentacle snakes use tails.
A tentacle is influence
Tentacle isa quality.
Tentacles abound, as all sizes of octopus, cuttlefish, and squid are offered.
Tentacles are appendages.
Tentacles are black.
Tentacles are characteristically around the mouth.
Tentacles are complex with small pinnate fringes.
Tentacles are digitate, pinnate or, in some small species, simple.
Tentacles are grips.
Tentacles are holders.
Tentacles are present at both ends of the body of the caterpillar.
Tentacles are present but much reduced in size compared to cydippids.
Tentacles are processes.
Tentacles are provided with suckers.
Tentacles are simple or with a few small digits.
Tentacles are simple.
Tentacles are smooth without additional pinnate fringes.
Tentacles are used for locomotive power and capturing food sources .
Tentacles are used for locomotive power and capturing food sources.
Tentacles are yellowish brown, short and thin.
Tentacles arise from various regions around the cell and extend apically to form the collar.
Tentacles burst like a potted plant from the top.
Tentacles can be slightly adhesive.
Tentacles can be white, black, brown or orange.
Tentacles can grip weapons but limit fine manipulation.
Tentacles capture and move food to the polyp's mouth.
Tentacles dangle from the oral surface which points downward.
Tentacles encircle the mouth and are used in part for food capture.
Tentacles encircle the mouth.
Tentacles extend all over the place.
Tentacles fringe the edge of the bell.
Tentacles Fringing the bell is a row of tentacles.
Tentacles have sensors.
Tentacles have sting.
Tentacles have suckers to hold prey.
Tentacles help in catching and conveying the prey to the mouth.
Tentacles leave eyes.
Tentacles now straighten and become ready to catch another insect.
Tentacles radiate outward from the rim of the mouth.
Tentacles reach eagerly through the bars for our throats, clutching, grasping.
Tentacles seize the abdomen and suffocate the cranefly befo re digestion begins.
Tentacles shoot out threads which engage their prey.
Tentacles slither out of the pods and wrap themselves around their human prey to do their vile work.
Tentacles sprout from the 'comet' and the broadcast goes dead.
Tentacles surround the head, and a funnel coming from the mantle produces jet propulsion.
Tentacles surround the mouth opening to trap prey.
Tentacles then force prey through the mouth into the gastrovascular cavity.
Tentacles trap small organisms and detritus from the water.
Tentacles often surround the single body opening, which serves as both mouth and anus.
Every tentacle is covered with thousands of tiny stinging capsules called nematocysts.
More tentacles rise out of central mass and start lashing around.
Most tentacles have sensors.
Some tentacles are short and straight, others are long and coiled.
Some tentacles become strands.
Some tentacles become thin strands.
Some tentacles have accumulation.
Some tentacles have beads.
Some tentacles have branches.
Some tentacles have capacity.
Some tentacles have hooks.
Some tentacles have presence.
Some tentacles have remarkable capacity.
Some tentacles have small side branches.
Some tentacles indicate presence.
Tentative acceptance is only for undergraduate students.
Tentative admission is granted to a student admitted during the final year of undergraduate work.
Tentative agenda includes the list of significant violations and a presentation on TMDLs.
Tentative agenda is common desktop environment.
Tentative agendas are available one week in advance.
Tentative bookings are in red.
Tentative dates are in bold.
Tentative dates are subject to change so please check regularly.
Tentative diagnosis is determined first by assessing clinical signs.
Tentative efforts lead to tentative outcomes.
Tentative eligibility is based on anticipated enrollment.
Tentative evidence is found for unpaired band-crossings in two of the bands.
Tentative exam dates.
Tentative figures show enrollment increases in all areas.
Tentative grades become final on the last day of the sixth week of the following semester.
Tentative implementation is undetermined .
Tentative indications are that the unique contributions of the two areas are approximately equal.
Tentative interpretation is mixed domestic refuse and fire place cleaning debris.
Tentative maps show the design of, and improvements intended for, a proposed subdivision.
Tentative meeting dates for rest of the year.
Tentative plans are in the making for the restoration of the old mill itself, complete with wheel.
Tentative plans are to add a plant transformation section to the fall semester topics.
Tentative plans are to award the first scholarship next spring.
Tentative plans are to move it farther south.
Tentative plans are underway for additional meeting space.
Tentative plans call for a history tour on the trolley buses on the first day.
Tentative plans call for a list of courses, and people can choose what to bring.
Tentative plans call for a three to five hour day in the evening.
Tentative plans call for about four concurrent sessions over three and one-half days.
Tentative plans call for outlets in each classroom to allow for computer hookups.
Tentative plans call for preserving the house for public use.
Tentative plans call for several workshops and training sessions for the users' group.
Tentative plans call for the barrel racers to have one go-round for each participant.
Tentative plans call for the committee to have an off cycle meeting in the early part of next year.
Tentative plans call for the next reunion to be held in Valdosta.
Tentative plans call for the state to lease the camp as a natural resource education center.
Tentative plans call for the structure to stand five stories high, with another floor underground.
Tentative plans indicate a series comprising one or two volumes from each centre.
Tentative plans involve combining the presidential inauguration with student honors night.
Tentative program is available.
Tentative programme is as follows.
Tentative release dates for upcoming films .
Tentative release dates for upcoming films.
Tentative schedule is attached.
Tentative Schedule Listed below are the operas to be studied during the semester.
Tentative schedule Note the word tentative .
Tentative Schedule See below for details.
Tentative schedules are available on request, as well as course descriptions.
Tentative season dates for waterfowl and other migratory birds.
Tentative sensors are reflectance sensors, phototransistors, and potentiometers.
Tentative showers fall toward the end of the season.
Tentative site is west of the stables, by the pond somewhere.
Tentative software is here.
Tentative syllabus is as follows.
Tentative time is mid-Sept.
Tentative titles are sufficient.
Tentative venue is Bangkok, Thailand.
Tentative version becomes data item, and timestamp becomes timestamp of data item.
Tentative workshop dates.
A tenter is a framework
Tenters are frameworks.
Tenters are welcome at the station and share use of private bathroom facilities in the wash house.
Tenters can enjoy the many beautiful trees.
Tenters welcome, clean, quiet and friendly.
Tenters always welcome.
A tenterhook is a claw
Tenterhooks come from the making of woolen cloth.
Tenth Amendment gives an annotated discussion of the amendment with links to relevant cases.
Tenth branch opens.
Tenth chapter is about the complete liberation of the soul or the moksha.
Every tenth day is a holy day.
Tenth grade is the best.
Tenth graders investigate modern world history.
Tenth graders receive credits in English and Art.
Tenth graders spend half the school day developing skills in the vocational classes of their choice.
Tenth graders take a full-year career and technical education class of their choice.
Tenth graders take a test in written composition.
Tenth graders take a writing test.
Tenth harmonic is prominent.
Tenth icon brings to the screen geographical map of Azerbaijan.
Every tenth pastor feels exhausted every week.
Tenth player is optional.
Tenth seed faces ninth seed, with the winner facing the eighth seed, and on to the top.
Every tenth trade is free.
A tenth is a fraction
Tenths are numbers.
Tenths are rank.
Tenths are red on white.
Tenths have one digit after the decimal point.
A tentmaker is a maker
Tentmaker empahasizes quality from start to finish.
Tentmakers are makers.
Tentmakers has a network for continuing education and support.
Tentmakers prepare to work in self-supported church ministries.
Some tentmakers fail because of a lack of adequate preparation.
Tenuous evidence suggests the virus originated in rabbits.
Tenure review is to be discussed further at the next meeting.
Tenure track is an option.
Tenure track is possible.
Tenure allows faculty to put personal agendas ahead of institutional priorities.
Tenure applies to faculty appointments.
Tenure carries certain responsibilities.
Tenure carries no salary guarantees.
Tenure carries with it a number of responsibilities.
Tenure contributes significantly to the creation of such an atmosphere.
Tenure does have the power to create villains.
Tenure does, however, assure academic freedom.
Tenure ensures only a fair hearing before dismissal.
Tenure exists as a vehicle to ensure that academic freedom is protected.
Tenure exists to ensure that academic freedom is protected.
Tenure gives the faculty member independence.
Tenure gives unfair rights to the incompetent at all levels.
Tenure goes out the door.
Tenure is a form of job guarantee.
Tenure is a practice which naturally follows from the philosophy of collectivists.
Tenure is a sign of dedication and stability.
Tenure is a term
Tenure is accorded for the common good of the academy and society.
Tenure is also important in the educational process.
Tenure is effective upon commencement of services under such reappointment.
Tenure is extremely hard to earn.
Tenure is for up to one year.
Tenure is for up to two years.
Tenure is important because to teach and research well means making people think.
Tenure is important.
Tenure is indispensable.
Tenure is kind of like a narcotic.
Tenure is legal rights.
Tenure is more than simple job security.
Tenure is nothing less than a lifetime job guarantee.
Tenure is often an issue considered only when it is too late.
Tenure is situations.
Tenure is still very male-dominated.
Tenure is terms.
Tenure is the only measure that's true.
Tenure is under attack today on many fronts.
Tenure is under attack.
Tenure is under threat.
Tenure is worth struggling for.
Tenure isfor one year.
Tenure offers compensation to an otherwise financially insecure faculty.
Tenure prevents teachers from being treated like other professionals.
Tenure prevents that from happening.
Tenure protects complacent luminaries.
Tenure protects faculty from unjust dismissal.
Tenure protects faculty jobs in colleges and universities.
Tenure protects independent work.
Tenure protects people who are workaholics.
Tenure provides a research instructorship option.
Tenure provides protection.
Tenure provides stability and mitigates the effects of fads and fashions.
Tenure provides that intellectual freedom.
Tenure range from three to seven years.
Tenure referee for several major research universities.
Tenure represents both individual privilege and professional responsibility.
Tenure resides at the institutional level.
Tenure rests in the college of primary appointment only.
Tenure rests in the college or department of primary appointment only.
Tenure shows professors and the public that their role in that process is still valued.
Tenure stops an administration from exploiting people.
Tenure supports work on significant long-term projects.
Tenure tends to be later in life than formerly, and also later than in other countries.
Tenure there ends after a year.
Tenure track assistant professor in experimental condensed matter physics.
Tenure track assistant professor.
Tenure track full-time Rutgers faculty are eligible.
Tenure track late asst.
Tenure track possible.
Tenure often involves questions of timing.
All tenures come to an end.
Most tenures are replaceable without competition prior to expiry.
Tenured appointments require approval of appropriate college and university committees.
Tenured faculty are always happy if they can get free parking.
Tenured faculty are eligible for a single-semester leave after four academic years of service.
Tenured faculty are eligible for an extended leave.
Tenured faculty are eligible for dependent fee authorization immediately.
Tenured faculty are eligible for extended leave.
Tenured faculty are eligible for extended leaves.
Tenured faculty are responsible for the academic life and work of their institutions.
Tenured faculty are strongly preferred.
Tenured faculty are, in fact, highly self-motivated people with a great deal of professional pride.
Tenured faculty can choose any of the four profiles.
Tenured faculty have important professional responsibilities.
Tenured individuals are ineligible .
Tenured individuals are ineligible for nomination.
Tenured individuals are ineligible.
Tenured librarians are eligible for sabbatical leave.
Tenured librarians are eligible for sabbatical leaves.
Tenured politicians are more responsive to special interest groups rather than voters.
Tenured professors say their fight is with the administration.
Any tenured professor can apply.
Some tenured professors advance to administrative positions, such as dean or president.
Tenured teacher are virtually impossible to fire, however devastating their impact on children.
Tenured teachers are, for the most part, evaluated every other year.
Tenured teachers receive fifteen days of sick leave.
Any tenured teacher is eligible to be nominated for the mentor role.
Teoretical concepts play a major role in chemistry.
Teotihuacan influence is found in certain styles and decorations of the pottery.
Many Teotihuacan murals exist on the site.
A tepal is a natural object
Tepals are common in many groups of monocots .
Tepals are common in many groups of monocots.
Tepals are markedly cucullate at the apex and mostly cover the apex of the pistil.
Tepals are narrow, thin, and generally colorless except at the apex.
Tepals lanceolate, acute.
A tepee is a tent
Tepee packages for groups and families.
Tepee rings near a spring at the base of the saddle are the buffalo hunters' quiet legacy.
Tepees appeal equally to boys and girls.
Tepees are habit forming.
Tepees are lodges.
Tepees are made from long poles, and are covered with material.
Tepees are quite popular in Australia, with 'ferals' and other alternative lifestyle seekers.
Tepees are tents.
Tepees are triangle shaped homes that are made out of tanned buffalo skin.
Tepees are very light and easy to move around.
Tepees arrive and are set up in minutes.
All tepees are reservable by phone.
Tepid baths have an antipruritic effect, possibly resulting from capillary vasoconstriction.
Tepid drizzle falls with no sympathy for our limited holiday allowance.
Tepid showers are more cooling than hot or cold ones.
Tepid water is defined as moderately warm or lukewarm.
Tepid water is important.
Tepid water is much kinder.
Most teppan restaurants have the enormous flat griddles throughout the room.
A tequila is liquor
Tequila comes in three basic quality levels - silver, gold and anejo.
Tequila flows at a club, sacramental wine at a church.
Tequila intends to find out.
Tequila is available for outside breedings.
Tequila is different from all other liquors.
Tequila is difficult to detect as is uses a variable encryption algorithm.
Tequila is everything.
Tequila is more than frozen-dispensed margaritas, or shots with salt and lemon.
Tequila is more than just something to put in margaritas or to drink as shots.
Tequila is perhaps one of the more mythologized spirits out there, so let's define what it is.
Tequila is so hot that producers can t keep up with the demand.
Tequila is tequila.
Tequila joins forces with a rebel cop, and then the body count mounts to a hair raising climax.
Tequila offers many services to the music industry.
Tequila shots over the bar counter, vodka and vodka lime for beginners.
Tequilas are hard liquor.
Tequilas are liquor.
Tequilas are located in margaritas.
Tequilas can be sharp, smooth, smokey and as different as fine cigars.
Tequilas can range in age anywhere from day to several years out of the stills.
Tequilas cause drowsiness.
All tequila is white when it comes out of the still.
Some tequila is set aside for aging.
Tera excels in both departments.
Tera has trouble with visual identification.
Tera is a big time player.
Tera is back, running through the jungle.
Tera is experienced in product development.
Tera is quite the little temptress.
Tera lives in California.
Tera maintains an open door to new prospects.
Tera means trillions, and flops is floating point operations per second.
Tera plans to have a six inch kit available with front and rear parts, or just the rear.
TERA prizes the development of partnerships between government agencies and industry.
Tera shakes in fear.
TERA starts there and returns there.
Tera works both independently and with licensing consultants.
Teras are video games.
Teraflop performance is now a realistic and imminent goal.
A teraflop is an unit
TeraFLOPs are the total amount of calculations needed to complete a work unit.
Teraflops -Convert most types of graphic to wbmp.
Terahertz spectroscopy is used to study ultrafast carrier dynamics in semiconductors.
A teratogen is an agent
Teratogens affect the developing embryo or fetus via exposures in the uterus.
Teratogens are agents.
Teratogens are chemical and physical agents that interfere with normal embryonic development.
Teratogens are chemicals.
Teratogens are drugs.
Teratogens are hormones.
Teratogens are mutation.
Teratogens are substances that cause birth defects.
Teratogens are the next items.
Teratogens are toxins which harm fetal development.
Teratogens can cause miscarriage or birth defects.
Teratogens cause birth defects and mutagens cause inheritable genetic changes.
Teratogenic effects are also possible at very high doses.
Teratogenic effects are possible for ether and ethyl alcohol.
Teratogenic effects are possible.
Teratogenic effects cause abnormal fetal development.
A teratology is embryology
Teratology is the scientific discipline involved with the study of birth defects.
Teratology means the study of monsters .
A teratoma is a tumor
Teratomas are diseases.
Teratomas are the most common germ cell tumor found in the ovaries.
Teratomas are the most common germ cell tumor.
Teratomas are tumors.
Teratomas are usually gonadal or midline in sacrococcygeal region, or retroperitoneum.
Teratomas contain ectodermal, mesodermal, and endodermal elements.
Teratomas often contain several recognizable tissues.
Most teratomas are mature and develop into benign tumors.
A terazosin is an antihypertensive drug
Terazosin helps relax the muscles in the prostate and the opening of the bladder.
A terbinafine is an agent
Terbinafine inhibits the enzyme squalene epoxidase in the sterol synthesis pathway.
Terbium chloride is applied to the test area, which is then illuminated with UV light.
Terbium oxide is in fluorescent lamps and TV tubes.
Terbium oxide is used as an activator for green phosphors used in color television tubes.
Terbium oxide is used in green phosphors in fluorescent lamps and color TV tubes.
A terbium is metal
Terbium can operate properly in any environment especially in Thailand.
Terbium is a member of the lanthanide or rare earth group of elements.
Terbium is a silver gray rare earth metal that is both malleable and ductile.
Terbium is a silver-gray metal, and is malleable, ductile, and soft enough to be cut with a knife.
Terbium is a soft silvery-white metal.
Terbium is a soft, malleable, ductile, silver-gray metal.
Terbium is also available in soluble forms including chlorides , nitrates and acetates .
Terbium is considered to be moderately toxic.
Terbium is malleable and ductile and can be cut with sharp objects.
Terbium is rare and expensive, so it has few commercial uses.
Terbium is reasonably stable in air.
Terbium is separated as a double salt with ammonium nitrate by crystallization.
Terbium is used in color TV tubes.
Terbium is used in green lasers.
Terbium is used in special lasers and as a dopant in solid-state devices.
Terbium is used in x-rays and in color televisions tubes.
Terbiums are chemical elements.
Terbiums are metallic elements.
A terce is a canonical hour
Terce is the time to get on with the work of the day.
A tercel is a hawk
Tercels receive new interior fabric and door panels.
Teresian prayer is characteristically affective.
Teresian prayer is oriented toward contemplation.
Tergiversation is synonymous with the use of weasel words to avoid making an outright assertion.
Term assurance can provide high levels of monetary cover at the least expense.
Term contracts are more common for floating rigs and other international rigs.
Term contracts offer discounts on the monthly recurring charge.
Term deposit are the typical retail product.
Term Deposits earn guaranteed returns for a specified period of time.
Term deposits View the latest competitive rates.
Term effects impact development.
Term exposure causes cancer.
Term field experiments examine effects.
Term field experiments investigate effects.
Term impact cans have angler harvest.
Term impact cans have harvest.
Term impact cans have heavy harvest.
Term impact includes decay.
Term impact increases over many years.
Term impact increases over years.
Term insurance acts as a financial safety net.
Term insurance becomes increasingly expensive as the insured grows older.
Term insurance builds no cash value.
Term insurance can also help cover college expenses.
Term insurance can be an ideal alternative for low-cost life insurance.
Term insurance can provide coverage for one to twenty years.
Term insurance costs less over the short run.
Term insurance covers a person against death for a limited time, the term.
Term insurance has no cash value at divorce.
Term insurance has no cash value, so it is generally cheaper, at least at a younger age.
Term insurance has no cash value.
Term insurance has no savings feature.
Term insurance is a commodity, so cheap life insurance rates are the most important criteria.
Term insurance is a life insurance contract that provides protection for a limited number of years.
Term insurance is affordable, so it can fit nearly anyone's budget.
Term insurance is basically a method of saving with an element of insurance.
Term insurance is bought by millions of people for a number of reasons.
Term insurance is designed to cover the risk of death during a certain period only.
Term insurance is generally less expensive than permanent insurance.
Term insurance is generally most appropriate for specific short-term needs.
Term insurance is generally the least expensive and least complicated type of life insurance.
Term insurance is generally well-suited for younger service members.
Term insurance is ideal for covering short-term needs of ten years or less.
Term insurance is initially quite inexpensive relative to the potential benefit.
Term insurance is insurance
Term insurance is insurance.
Term insurance is less expensive than whole life.
Term insurance is life insurance that is in effect for a certain period of time only.
Term insurance is like renting the house with an option to buy.
Term insurance is normally the better buy for the younger age groups and for the short run.
Term insurance is one of the most affordable life insurance values available.
Term insurance is perhaps the most basic form of life insurance.
Term insurance is pure death insurance.
Term insurance is pure insurance protection, comparable to auto or homeowner's policies.
Term insurance is pure insurance protection.
Term insurance is pure insurance.
Term insurance is relatively cheap.
Term insurance is simple.
Term insurance is simpler in design than other products and lends itself to Internet selling.
Term insurance is straightforward and inexpensive.
Term insurance is temporary .
Term insurance is temporary in that it terminates either at a specified age or a given date.
Term insurance is temporary.
Term insurance is the best buy, providing the most protection for the least cost.
Term insurance is the cheapest form of coverage over a limited number of years.
Term insurance is the cheapest way to obtain the maximum amount of coverage.
Term insurance is the least costly plan because it is pure insurance.
Term insurance is the most economical form of life insurance.
Term insurance is the most straightforward type of life cover.
Term insurance is the most straightforward type of life insurance and the easiest to understand.
Term insurance is the solution to financial security and peace of mind.
Term insurance is the way to go.
Term insurance is typically less expensive than permanent coverage.
Term insurance is useful for people with limited income and high short-term insurance needs.
Term insurance is usually easier to acquire than permanent insurance at any age.
Term insurance is what everyone needs.
Term insurance is, by definition, temporary insurance.
Term insurance lasts for a given term of years and has no cash value.
Term insurance marketed on the Internet is even more price sensitive.
Term insurance offers a death benefit only.
Term insurance offers the most coverage at the lowest cost.
Term insurance offers the most protection at the lowest cost.
Term insurance protects against death for for the duration of the term.
Term insurance provides a death benefit and nothing more.
Term insurance provides a death benefit for a specified length of time.
Term insurance provides a death benefit only and there is no build up of cash value.
Term insurance provides a death benefit to beneficiaries for a specified period of time.
Term insurance provides a much more limited range of riders.
Term insurance provides a stated death benefit for a certain period of time.
Term insurance provides death protection for a specific period.
Term insurance provides few options if the donor is unable to continue paying the premiums.
Term insurance provides life insurance protection for a specified duration of time.
Term insurance provides protection for a specific period of time.
Term insurance provides protection for a specified and limited period.
Term insurance provides protection only for a set period of time.
Term insurance provides pure protection and no savings feature.
Term insurance provides temporary protection for a specified period of time.
Term insurance provides the highest coverage at the lowest initial cost.
Term insurance provides the most protection for the money.
Term insurance works in much the same way.
Term life is just what it sounds like, insurance for a period of time.
Term life is used to protect primarily against pre-mature death.
Term life protects against premature death and provides no buildup of cash value.
Term life provides a safety net during the accumulation years of asset building.
Term life requires paying a premium each year for a specified death benefit.
Term limit is four years.
Term limits accentuate that effect and in many cases weaken leadership.
Term limits apply equally to all.
Term limits are a bad idea.
Term limits are a great success for our state legislature.
Term limits are a snake oil solution for a real problem.
Term limits are alive and kicking.
Term limits are already in place.
Term limits are also an attack on representative government.
Term limits are effectively just such an agreement.
Term limits are for career politicians.
Term limits are for eliminating politicians who are performing.
Term limits ARE in fact campaign reform.
Term limits are in order.
Term limits are nearly as old as democracy itself.
Term limits are no cure-all for gridlock in government.
Term limits are the best campaign finance reform of all.
Term limits are the only answer.
Term limits are the other.
Term limits are the perfect solution.
Term limits are unnecessary.
Term limits are unneeded and possibly unconstitutional.
Term limits bring in new blood and new ideas.
Term limits can provide positive opportunities to shape the future.
Term limits changes every thing.
Term limits concentrate the mind wonderfully.
Term limits create open seats, which lead to contested races.
Term limits deprive the poor, downtrodden legislators of their lifelong monopoly on power.
Term limits distort democracy and allow the American people to abdicate their responsibility.
Term limits do the same thing.
Term limits have benefits and costs.
Term limits have no bearing on fiscal or economic issues.
Term limits have teeth.
Term limits impose an arbitrary restriction on a fundamental right in our political system.
Term limits impose an arbitrary restriction on the right to vote.
Term limits increase electoral competition and curb entrenched political power.
Term limits is a more relevant issue to debate.
Term limits is a popular rallying cry, especially for Republican lawmakers.
Term limits is for long termers to ensure rotation in office of all seats.
Term limits is no panacea.
Term limits is one example, spending lids another.
Term limits is that reminder.
Term limits is the.
Term limits make more sense than ever.
Term limits make voters lazy.
Term limits means one loses senior people.
Term limits play a role in influencing the size and quality of the field.
Term limits prevents empire-building.
Term limits prohibit incumbent from seeking re-election to district seat.
Term limits prohibit incumbent from seeking re-election.
Term limits push everything forward.
Term limits puts political power and know-how firmly in the hands of lobbyists and bureaucrats.
Term limits reduce inequalities in legislative power across districts and over time.
Term limits remove much of the incentive for corruption and power hoarding.
Term limits result in weak government that governs poorly.
Term limits seems to be a popular buzz word nowadays.
Term limits vary depending on the office.
Term limits work.
Term limitation is already available at two-year intervals.
Term limitation is one of the most talked about new remedies put forward.
Term loans are a form of secured borrowing familiar to most people.
Term loans are a lump-sum disbursement with payback over a specified period of time.
Term loans are available with fixed and adjustable rates.
Term loans are bank loans generally made for periods from one to five years.
Term loans are fundamentally different from notes payable.
Term loans are good for financing purchases of equipment or consolidating existing business debt.
Term loans are usually payable over five to ten years.
Term loans have loan periods of a pre-specified number of years.
Term loans require no commitment fees.
Terms of affection gather to it.
Terms of Art are words that mean something more than the obvious meaning.
Terms of art are words with specific meaning in the law.
Terms of employment are between the employer and student.
All terms of employment are strictly between the student and the employer.
A term of office is a term
Term of office begins upon the close of the regular meeting when the election is held.
Term of office is a three year period beginning at the close of the annual meeting.
Term of office is defined as a maximum of two years or a minimum of one year and one day.
Term of office is for three years.
Term of office is for two years with the option of reappointment.
Term of office is four years.
Term of office is indefinite.
Term of office is normally one year.
Term of office is one academic year from time of election.
Term of office is one academic year.
Term of office is one year.
Term of office is seven years.
Term of office is the academic year.
Term of office is three years, and three seats are up for election each year.
Term of office is three years, unless someone wants to step down.
Term of office is three years.
Term of office is to be one year, with consecutive yearly terms if elected.
Term of office is two years.
Terms of office are at the discretion of the appointing officer.
Terms of office are five years, with a maximum of two consecutive terms.
Terms of office are five years.
Terms of office are for four years and until a successor is appointed and qualifies.
Terms of office are for one calendar year.
Terms of office are for one year.
Terms of office are for the respective calendar year.
Terms of office are for three years, with appointments staggered to preserve continuity.
Terms of office are for three years.
Terms of office are for two years and are staggered.
Terms of office are for two years and staggered.
Terms of office are for two years with a maximum of two consecutive terms.
Terms of office are four years and are staggered.
Terms of office are four years except where otherwise indicated.
Terms of office are four years unless otherwise provided in the enabling legislation.
Terms of office are four years, with council members and mayor serving staggered terms.
Terms of office are four years.
Terms of office are normally for three years.
Terms of office are one year.
Terms of office are six years.
Terms of office are three years with a maximum of two consecutive terms.
Terms of office are three years.
Terms of office are to be for one calendar year.
Terms of office are two years and then can be extended.
Terms of office are two years, with two consecutive terms maximum.
Terms of office are two years.
Terms of office begin at the end of the annual regional conference.
Terms of office begin at the first city council meeting following the election.
Terms of office begin at the Section's Annual Meeting.
Terms of office begin at the Spring Meeting of the Section.
Terms of office begin with the first meeting of the New Year.
Terms of office expire on a staggered basis.
Terms of office remain at two years.
Terms of office vary according to the office held.
Terms of office vary depending on the legal characteristics of the district.
All terms of office are for five years.
All terms of office begin and expire at the end of the Annual Meeting.
All terms of office begin at the beginning of the fall semester.
All terms of office begin with the calendar year.
All terms of office begin with the final adjournment of the annual meeting.
Terms of payment are as indicated above.
Terms of payment are likely to converge as a result of the broadening of the supplier base.
Terms of payment are money order and cashier's check.
Terms of payment are negotiable.
Terms of payment are strictly cash only.
Terms of payment are subject to approved credit.
Terms of payment depend on the relative negotiating strength of the buyers and sellers.
Terms of reference are available from the Secretariat.
Terms of reference are unfair.
Terms of reference are yet to be produced.
Term of service is for one year unless otherwise noted.
Term of service is for one year.
Term of service is indefinite.
Term of service is one year.
Term of service is open and salary is negotiable.
Terms of service are for either three or five years.
Terms of service are four years and the positions are full-time.
Terms of service are indefinite.
Terms of service are life, period.
Terms of service are normally for one year.
Terms of service are three years.
Terms of service are two years.
Terms of service vary according to the program.
Terms of trade is expressed as the ratio of the unit value index of exports to that of imports.
Term of use is six months, after which the content is to be removed from the web site.
Terms of use apply.
Terms of use are subject to change without notice.
All Terms of use apply.
All terms of use are subject to change at our discretion.
Some term of years is more reasonable.
Term paper involves primary source research into a topic in recent Jewish history.
Term paper is an analysis of a data set chosen by the student.
Term paper is compositions.
Term paper is due at time of the final examination .
Term paper is due during the class.
Term paper is due no later than the last regularly scheduled lecture date for the semester.
Term paper is due.
Term paper is paper
Term paper is required.
Term paper is the major requirement.
Term paper is used for classes.
Term papers are always a challenge.
Term papers are an opportunity to integrate learning from theory and experience.
Term papers are better suited for assessing writing ability.
Term papers are due at the beginning of class period.
Term papers are due at the beginning of the morning session.
Term papers are due at the end of the final exam time.
Term papers are due at the second last class meeting.
Term papers are due by the last day of the semester.
Term papers are due on the announced due dates at the beginning of class.
Term papers are due on the day listed in the course reading list.
Term papers are due on the last day of classes for each semester.
Term papers are due one week before the last day of classes.
Term papers are due two weeks after the end of the lecture period.
Term papers are due.
Term papers are individual efforts.
Term papers are mandatory to pass the course.
Term papers are one of the most challenging and intimidating exercises students' face.
Term papers are to be turned in by the due date.
Term papers are widely available online for plagiarism.
Term papers can be on any relevant topic.
Term papers have to be thrown together over lunch, just before their due date.
All term papers are completely custom written.
All term papers are due one week before the last meeting of the seminar.
Most term papers contain far too many quotations.
Term report is required.
Term reports are preliminary until after the sixth week of a term.
Term sheets are in the works for a second-round of financing from institutional investors.
Term sperm storage provides benefits.
Term strategies deal with problems.
Term survival depends on factors.
Term survival depends on many factors.
Term symbols capsulize the angular momentum of an atom in a particular electronic condition.
Term temperature variation cans have effects.
Term temperature variation cans have significant effects.
A term is a word
Term accounts subject to substantial penalty for early withdrawal.
Term also applies to ads on video tapes.
TERM also requires long-term budgeting and planning.
Term also works well as a supplement to cash value insurance.
TERM appears then disappears.
Term applies to dyes derived from coal tar, which are used to color fabrics and leather.
Term begins immediately following the Annual General Meeting.
Term begins on the date of installation.
Term can be a keyword or a regular expression.
Term can be either a score or a constant.
Term can be less than one year.
Term can be up to five years with a twelve-year amortization schedule, depending upon collateral.
Term can include acquisition, construction, and stabilization phases.
Term can range from one day up to one year.
Term comes from days gone by when ratings accomodation was forward of the mast.
Term comes from embryology.
Term comes from the first six letters below the row of numbers.
Term comes from the manufacturer's stick-on label denoting the type of tire, price, etc.
Term dates .
Term Describes a specific term selected from the search results.
Term describing the honor and reverence children show to both living and dead parents.
TERM Determine the name of the invoker's terminal type.
TERM Determine the terminal type.
TERM determines the screen size recognized by the pretty printer.
Term ends .
Term ends Th.
Term expires in year listed .
Term expires upon installation of newly called pastor.
TERM Identify the length of the contract.
Term includes beavers and their relatives.
Term includes rocks, arrows, depth charges, bombs, rockets, and complex ballistic missiles.
Term includes the ability to search online or to order the actual book.
Term Indicates the term that the associated athletic information is valid.
Term is a given word as it is used in a given context.
TERM is a predosed visible light-cured resin.
Term is a term, which name and arity are used as a predicate specification.
Term is a three character code.
Term is always the better choice, as a good insurance agent knows.
Term is asserted as the last fact or clause of the corresponding predicate.
Term is defined by registration dates.
Term is determined by student arrangements with external credit card company.
Term is fairly self evident.
Term is for a period of three years.
Term is for tenure of office.
Term is for the tenure of office.
Term is for two years, election to be held at the business meeting following the discussion.
Term is for two years.
Term is greater than one year.
Term is half over.
Term is measured from date of publication.
Term is now over.
Term is one academic year.
TERM is one of a kind because of the players on the team and the unique process they use.
Term is one year.
Term is only a death benefit plan and offers no cash values.
Term is purchased for a set period of time, five years, ten years, and so forth.
Term is required for search.
Term is smr.
Term is sold in a variety of forms and for a variety of purposes.
Term is synonymous with hypercritical .
Term is the lowest cost life insurance product available.
TERM is the only parm.
TERM is the standard signal sent to applications to request shutdown.
Term is the term that is assigned to the transaction.
Term is the type of insurance that everybody understands.
Term is three years.
Term is two years.
Term is unquestionably the best choice for most young families.
Term is used interchangeably with Hourly employment.
Term is used to help explain differences in entering synsets in lexicographer files.
Term is used to reflect salinity.
Term is useful for people with limited income and high short term insurance needs.
Term isa word.
Term limits further important values of democratic equality and freedom.
Term limits laws have been taken to court endlessly.
Term limits results in greater turnover among state and local elected officials.
Term literally means water-loving plants.
TERM LOAN one with a set maturity date, typically without amortization.
TERM Note the dollar sign, indicating variable interpretation.
Term offers a death benefit for a specific period of time and little else.
Term only gets more expensive when it is needed less.
Term originally refers to the carriage under the camera stand, pushed on wheels along rails.
Term pops out of the mouth The foot feed.
TERM provides accurate emulation and total flexibility.
TERM provides several default clients.
TERM provides transparent printing and screen printing functionality.
Term refers to the academic semester.
Term refers to the napping process, and is unrelated to the type of skin used.
Term reflects a definite start date and end date.
Term relates to the alignment of segments of the upper and lower limbs.
Term repo A repurchase agreement with a term of more than one day.
Term reports on extensive parallel reading.
Term reviews to occur annually.
Term scheduled is identified by three numbers.
TERM sets the terminal type.
Term specifies any of the specific Terms.
TERM Tells the name of the sprite to use for the skin.
Term used for stating a more complete check for victims in building is complete.
Term varies depending on the country where the bean is grown.
Terms Add terms and translations.
Terms also appear in logic .
Terms also appear in logic.
Terms appear on the screen when they are defined in the video.
Terms apply - please see below.
Terms apply to primary residence only.
Terms are almost standard heraldic.
Terms are also available for separate purchase.
Terms are also browsable.
Terms are also important.
Terms are analogous to noun phrases in natural language.
Terms are applicable upon execution of plan sale.
Terms are as important as the price.
Terms are as usual.
Terms are as yet undisclosed.
Terms are automatically right truncated.
Terms are available and based on credit application approval.
Terms are available and transportation can be arranged to anywhere in the United States and Canada.
Terms are available by written, email, or faxed requests.
Terms are available for corporate clients and educational facilities.
Terms are available for corporate clients.
Terms are available for qualified customers.
Terms are available for regular customers with a reasonable volume of purchases.
Terms are available from one to five years.
Terms are available from three months to thirty-six months.
Terms are available here .
Terms are available on a conditional basis.
Terms are available on larger purchases.
Terms are available on some of the horses.
Terms are available only to approved customers.
Terms are available to all U.S. retail establishments.
Terms are available to established approved accounts.
Terms are available to qualified buyer.
Terms are available to qualified buyers.
Terms are available up to six months at reasonable rates.
Terms are available upon approve.
Terms are available upon approved credit.
Terms are available upon credit approval.
Terms are available upon request.
Terms are available upon review.
Terms are available with cash purchase of equipment, all of which is financeable.
Terms are available.
Terms Are Available.
Terms are case sensitive.
Terms are cash at time of sale including the recording fee.
Terms are cash in advance unless otherwise authorized.
Terms are cash in advance.
Terms are cash or cheque on delivery.
Terms are cash or credit card at the time of shipment, unless arranged otherwise.
Terms are cash or personal check with proper identification.
Terms are cash the day of sale.
Terms are cash unless otherwise agreed to.
Terms are cash when fiber is picked up, or full payment prior to or at time of shipping.
Terms are cash with copy until credit has been approved.
Terms are cash with order.
Terms are cash with sale.
Terms are cash, cashier's cheques, traveler's checks, personal checks or certified funds.
Terms are cash.
Terms are completely customizeable and negotiable.
Terms are consignment only, with settlement every quarter.
Terms are constants, variables or integers.
Terms are constituents.
Terms are continous and flexible.
Terms are controlled vocabulary.
Terms are cross-referenced and their etymology is given where possible.
Terms are cross-referenced to related and similar terms.
Terms are cross-referenced with hot links, and some entries are enhanced with explanatory diagrams.
Terms are delivery on payment.
Terms are dependent on the amount of purchase.
Terms are due on receipt to open accounts.
Terms are due on receipt unless other arrangements have been made.
Terms are due upon receipt.
Terms are easy and very reasonable.
Terms are eight weeks long.
Terms are either one, two or three years, depending on the committee.
Terms are favorable.
Terms are flexible and trades are welcome.
Terms are flexible as well as price.
Terms are flexible depending on the asset financed.
Terms are flexible.
Terms are for a period of three years.
Terms are for a six month period.
Terms are for a three year period with elections staggered two, two and one.
Terms are for a three year period.
Terms are for coterminous with that of each representative, trustee, or chairman.
Terms are for eight years and can be renewed indefinitely.
Terms are for five years, with one seat up for appointment each year.
Terms are for five years.
Terms are for four years with no term limit.
Terms are for four years, after initial staggering of terms, and the positions are nonpartisan.
Terms are for four years.
Terms are for life.
Terms are for one year and are renewable.
Terms are for one year and begin with the adjournment of the organizational meeting.
Terms are for one year and the By-laws state no rules about term limits.
Terms are for one year each with no member serving more than three successive terms.
Terms are for one year with no member serving more than four consecutive terms.
Terms are for one year, from Annual Conference to Annual Conference.
Terms are for one year.
Terms are for pre-approved accounts only.
Terms are for six years.
Terms are for three years and are staggered.
Terms are for three years and meetings are held quarterly.
Terms are for three years and overlap to ensure continuity of board leadership.
Terms are for three years and renewable.
Terms are for three years unless otherwise specified.
Terms are for three years with one or two of the positions up for election each year.
Terms are for three years with one position up for election each year.
Terms are for three years with staggered appointments.
Terms are for three years, and are non-renewable.
Terms are for three years, but no more than two consecutive terms.
Terms are for three years, except for the student trustee, whose term is two years.
Terms are for three years, with a maximum of the two sums.
Terms are for three years, with the terms of one-third of the membership expiring each year.
Terms are for three years.
Terms are for two years with no limit on the number of terms that can be served consecutively.
Terms are for two years, and appointments are made by the mayor and city council.
Terms are for two years, and are staggered from each appointing body.
Terms are for two years.
Terms are for two, three or five years.
Terms are four years and are staggered.
Terms are four years for regular members and two years for student members.
Terms are four years for regular members.
Terms are four years with half the directors running for re-election every two years.
Terms are four years without compensation.
Terms are four years, staggered.
Terms are four years, with five appointments expiring each second year.
Terms are four years.
Terms are four-years with staggered council terms.
Terms are from one to five years, with an annually adjusted interest rate of prime plus three.
Terms are from one to thirty days.
Terms are from one week to one month.
Terms are full payment prior to dispatch unless prior credit arrangements have been made.
Terms are full payment with order.
Terms are generally consistent with the life of assets to be financed.
Terms are generally well defined and clear descriptions are present.
Terms are half on order placement, half prior to shipping.
Terms are highly attractive and payment timely.
Terms are important as well.
Terms are important here.
Terms are in alphbetical orders.
Terms are in many ways more natural data structures than strings.
Terms are in place for the very reason of electing new officials.
Terms are in three year increments.
Terms are inconsistent.
Terms are items such as delivery schedule, discounts, payment terms, discount terms, etc.
Terms are limited to eight years.
Terms are limited to three years so that many alums can participate.
Terms are list price payable at the end of each semester.
Terms are merely symbols.
Terms are minimum, one year.
Terms are most often long and staggered.
Terms are much more important than price.
Terms are negotiable but are normally billed at an hourly rate.
Terms are negotiable depending on the requirements of the organization.
Terms are negotiable depending upon borrower.
Terms are negotiable, and considerations are given to approved mares.
Terms are negotiable, but most operators usually pay monthly rentals in advance.
Terms are negotiable, but tend to be short-term to ensure the revolving nature of the program.
Terms are negotiable.
Terms are net due upon receipt.
Terms are net FOB Penn Valley, California unless otherwise agreed.
Terms are net monthly.
Terms are net ten days.
Terms are net thirty days or by credit card.
Terms are net thirty days.
Terms are net thirty.
Terms are NET to established accounts, unless otherwise arranged.
Terms are nine weeks long.
Terms are no fewer than eight weeks during summer.
Terms are normally cash with order.
Terms are normally of three years' duration.
Terms are on a calendar year basis.
Terms are on a rotating basis.
Terms are one year in length.
Terms are one year.
Terms are otherwise cash in advance.
Terms are part of gestation.
Terms are part of propositions.
Terms are part of sequences.
Terms are parts of language.
Terms are paths.
Terms are payment before despatch.
Terms are payment in full with order, or with credit approval due on invoice receipt.
Terms are payment with order unless prior approval has been obtained.
Terms are per person for room, breakfast and evening meal.
Terms are points.
Terms are possible.
Terms are precisely and succinctly defined and their relevance in the industry is identified.
Terms are prepayment with insertion order.
Terms are quantities.
Terms are quite reasonable and the exposure is quite high.
Terms are reasonable and vary according to the size and style of double or single room occupied.
Terms are renewable at the discretion of the campus.
Terms are renewable at the discretion of the nominating and appointing bodies.
Terms are renewable but generally limited to three consecutive terms.
Terms are renewable, and can be renewed indefinitely.
Terms are renewable, but limited to three consecutive terms.
Terms are renewable.
Terms are searchable.
Terms are secondary, but of course very important to have.
Terms are shorter than the standard semester but more class time is scheduled per week.
Terms are significant when pricing and selling a business .
Terms are simple strings of characters such as love , whale , or river .
Terms are six years for both circuit and county judges.
Terms are six years.
Terms are sometimes negotiable and subject to compromise.
Terms are stiff, but good risks are readily accommodated.
Terms are strictly net settlement.
Terms are strictly nett.
Terms are strictly payment with order .
Terms are strings that contain the printed representation of Prolog terms.
Terms are subject to change are to be used for informational purposes only.
Terms are subject to change at the discretion of Set City.
Terms are subject to change without notice.
Terms are subject to change without prior notice.
Terms are subject to change.
Terms are subject to withdrawal and modification at any time without notice.
Terms are that which are stated on the invoices.
Terms are the same as above.
Terms are the short-hand words or phrases used to point to such a concept.
Terms are theory-laden.
Terms are three committee years, and members can serve two consecutive terms.
Terms are three years and appointed and elected on a staggered basis.
Terms are three years and staggered so that only five board positions become available each year.
Terms are three years each.
Terms are three years in length with directors serving on at least one committee.
Terms are three years in length.
Terms are three years with a maximum of six consecutive years of service.
Terms are three years with no tenure or mandatory retirement age.
Terms are three years with two members up for election each year.
Terms are three years without compensation.
Terms are three years.
Terms are time periods.
Terms are to be entered into Predicates.
Terms are to be on a rotating basis with some one year and some two year to begin the process.
Terms are to be two years.
Terms are to last one year.
Terms are twelve weeks long, and there are four terms each year.
Terms are two or three years.
Terms are two years and can be renewed.
Terms are two years in length.
Terms are two years, with three trustees elected each year.
Terms are two years.
Terms are typically for two years.
Terms are typically two to fifteen years with options to renew.
Terms are unlimited and members can be re-elected to consecutive terms.
Terms are usual Cash with Order , please.
Terms are usually for one year.
Terms are usually one year in length.
Terms are very flexible.
Terms are voluntary, according to circumstances and prospective means of repayment.
Terms are well-defined, rules formulated and proven, reason preferred over intuition.
Terms are words.
Terms associated with water management also comprise another key theme in the book.
Terms Become a free member now.
Terms begin and end at the Annual Meeting of Members.
Terms begin and end during the annual meeting.
Terms begin and end with the beginning of the Fall Semester.
Terms begin at the annual spring meeting of the society.
Terms begin at the beginning of the academic year.
Terms begin at the close of the meeting at which they are elected.
Terms begin eight times per year.
Terms begin immediately after the Annual Conference at which the appointment was confirmed.
Terms begin immediately upon election.
Terms begin immediately.
Terms begin the following fall.
Terms begin with the beginning of the academic year.
Terms begin with the Fall Semester following election.
Terms Below are definitions specific to Minnesota criminal justice expenditure data.
Terms Below is a list of terms commonly searched for in other search engines.
Terms can also have negative weights.
Terms can appear in any order.
Terms can appear in either order.
Terms can be a comma list of terms.
Terms can be a good way of defining a community, but they can also be limiting.
Terms can be a period of time, an event, growth of principal, etc.
Terms can be complicated noun phrases.
Terms can be either single words or phrases, depending on the type of index.
Terms can be for single or multiple years.
Terms can be liberal, but all sales are final.
Terms can be more than one word.
Terms can come from a topic statement, class discussion, reference books or instructor suggestions.
Terms can continue to get more complicated.
Terms can have several meanings, and concepts can have several terms.
Terms can match in the title and analyte list of the chromatogram.
Terms can range from one to ten years.
Terms can range from several days to several years.
Terms can range from six months to five years.
Terms can usually be varied to suit the mutual convenience of both parties.
Terms can vary considerably.
Terms can vary from a few weeks to a couple of years.
Terms can vary.
Terms change constantly.
Terms change frequently without notice or rational meaning.
Terms Check a physiotherapist's compilation of physical-therapy terms and definitions.
Terms Click on the words listed below for a definition and example of the term.
Terms coincide with age, so new members can slot in at any time.
Terms combine to form propositions.
Terms come and go.
Terms come from standards in electrical and electronics engineering.
Terms come from the whole range of modern applied science and technical terminology.
Terms come with stereotypes and it is important to be watchful of the context that it is used in.
Terms commence on the first day of the new fiscal year.
Terms cover bed and breakfast or dinner, bed and breakfast, on a weekly or daily basis.
Terms culminate with one last day of classroom activities on campus.
Terms Cute short story about a rescued kitten and a battle of wills.
Terms defined are important ones to know, such as indefinite pronoun and past participle.
Terms Defined Below are some terms used on The Internet.
Terms defined in the glossary are highlighted in bold in the text at their first usage.
Terms defined throughout body of Ordinance are now consolidated in the definition section.
Terms denoting material affluence or material impoverishment contain quality in their definitions.
Terms depend on the bargaining positions of the grower and the winery.
Terms differ by photographer.
Terms differ for holidays.
Terms do vary and are often negotiable.
Terms end as shown.
Terms end at the fall board meeting.
Terms end on the last day of the Annual Meeting held in the year given in parentheses.
Terms end on the last day of the Annual Meeting held in the years given in parentheses.
Terms end on the last day of the Annual Meeting held in the years given in the parentheses.
Terms end on the last day of the calendar year.
Terms expire at the close of the Annual Meeting in the designated year.
Terms expire for public members when they are no longer an elected official.
Terms expire in the year in parentheses.
Terms expire in the year listed below the names.
Terms expire in the year noted in parentheses.
Terms expire in the years listed.
Terms expire on the appropriate anniversary of the date of appointment.
Terms explain themselves.
Terms favor borrowers.
Terms Following are a number of questions that students and parents often have about financial aid.
Terms generally require repayment within five years.
Terms generally run for three years.
Terms generally run three years.
Terms have (part) syllables.
Terms have meaning.
Terms have phonetic transcriptions.
Terms have yet to be determined.
Terms Home Get a free sample article from our autoresponder.
Terms implying a much less admixture of black blood are prevalent in Cuba.
Terms includes basso cantante, bel canto, leitmotiv, portamento, zarzuela and sprechstimme.
Terms Includes the total price offered and the financing details.
Terms is especially enlightening.
Terms is our glossary on learning and knowledge-related terms.
Terms Know what they mean.
Terms last approximately fifteen weeks, with a break between terms.
Terms last eight weeks.
Terms last four years.
Terms last two years.
Terms leading the mind beyond the subject denominated, are relative.
Terms Learn heraldic terminology.
Terms left undefined by statute are to be accorded their common, everyday meanings.
Terms liquidating damages are one method of allocating risk in a contractual relationship.
Terms listed above apply.
Terms make a difference.
Terms make the basics of Prolog.
Terms match if they have a common root.
Terms Mean . . .
Terms Offers definitions on the parts of the eye and related terms.
Terms Offers short, clear explanations of tools, materials, and concepts.
Terms Once booked, space reservations are non-cancellable.
Terms overlap, so that half the terms expire every two years.
Terms page using the form below.
Terms probate court, probate judge, apply to county court, county judge.
Terms proposal too costly.
Terms provides definitions for common and uncommon terms for all entries.
Terms quoted above are subject to withdrawal and modification at any time without notice.
Terms range from just a few days to as long as ten years.
Terms range from one to fifteen years.
Terms range from one to five years.
Terms range from one to six years.
Terms range from one to three years.
Terms range from six months to five years.
Terms range from six months to four years.
Terms range from six months to two years and statements are issued quarterly.
Terms range from six months to two years.
Terms range from three months to five years, with dividends compounded monthly.
Terms range from three months to ten years.
Terms range from three months to three years.
Terms range from two to four years.
Terms refer to distinctive lexical phenomena.
Terms referring to the singular also apply to the plural, unless the context indicates otherwise.
Terms related to the adult system are in red .
Terms related to the juvenile system are in black .
Terms related to the juvenile system are in black.
Terms represent concepts, or states of concepts.
Terms require all current leases to be honored.
Terms require prepayment by wire transfer, credit card or certified funds.
Terms require that U.S. teacher obtain a leave of absence with pay from school authorities.
Terms run for six years.
Terms run for two years, staggered.
Terms run from annual conference to annual conference.
Terms run from one to three months.
Terms run in such a manner that each year one member's term expires.
Terms run six years.
Terms run three years.
Terms Select a letter below to find Computing Terms beginning with that letter.
Terms Select a market sector for quotes, charts and options.
Terms Select the letter of interest.
Terms shift and overlap in meaning.
Terms start out as neutral and become negative as meanings are attached.
Terms strictly cash.
Terms Take a moment to visit our other sites.
Terms There are three terms, each lasting nine weeks.
Terms typically last two or three months.
Terms Understand the terminology that is used in the medical, education, and public health fields.
Terms used are in both English and non-English languages.
Terms used for subject headings are standardized terms.
Terms used in headings are excellent fodder for creating a database entry.
Terms vary among plans.
Terms vary and there are penalties for early withdrawal.
Terms vary based on the age of the vehicle.
Terms vary between agencies but most offer flexible plans to suit all needs.
Terms vary between one summer and two years.
Terms vary depending on the product.
Terms vary depending upon the use of loan proceeds.
Terms vary depending upon the useful life of the facility being financed.
Terms vary depending upon usage.
Terms vary from card company to company.
Terms vary from court to court and state to state.
Terms vary from one month to four years.
Terms vary from one to three years.
Terms vary from three months to four years with fixed rates.
Terms vary from value today, where available, to a maximum of six months.
Terms vary from year to year.
Terms vary in length from two - five years.
Terms vary in length from two to three years.
Terms vary slightly each year.
Terms vary somewhat from province to province.
Terms vary widely from a weekend to a year.
Terms vary widely.
Terms vary with age of automobile.
Terms vary with the percentage of the asset cost that is covered by the lease contract.
Terms vary, some widely.
Terms View the complete guide.
Terms Welcome to our Company.
Terms Welcome to our Web site.
Terms usually run from one to three years.
All terms apply to both our groups wherever one is singly mentioned.
All terms are cash by check, money order or credit cards.
All terms are closed.
All terms are complete at the end of the spring meeting in the year indicated.
All terms are consistent, appropriate and covered by the glossary.
All terms are cross-referenced where possible.
All terms are effective immediately.
All terms are elastic.
All terms are essentially synonymous in meaning and largely reflect the viewpoint of the user.
All terms are five years, unless otherwise noted.
All terms are for a duration of three years.
All terms are for a period of one year.
All terms are for a period of two years each.
All terms are for a two-year period.
All terms are for four years.
All terms are for one year unless indicated otherwise.
All terms are for one year.
All terms are for thirty years unless otherwise stated.
All terms are for three years.
All terms are for two years.
All terms are forthright and direct.
All terms are four years.
All terms are in alphabetical order.
All terms are negative except the first.
All terms are on one Web page.
All terms are on Web page.
All terms are once renewable following satisfactory review.
All terms are pre-negotiable for special cases.
All terms are relative to a language and to the local conventions of use.
All terms are renewable once.
All terms are seven years.
All terms are six weeks long except for Summer II, which is five weeks long.
All terms are subject to change without notice.
All terms are subject to credit approval and availability.
All terms are subject to credit approval and properly executed documentation.
All terms are synonymous.
All terms are ten weeks in duration.
All terms are ten weeks in length which enable students to accelerate their learning.
All terms are through spring of the year indicated.
All terms are to be negotiated between the buyers and sellers.
All terms are two years.
All terms are upon receipt.
All terms are valid until the next fall.
All terms are well-defined.
All terms become effective immediately after they are publicly disclosed.
All terms begin immediately upon election or appointment and acceptance.
All terms begin on the first day of the month.
All terms described below are subject to change.
All terms end on their statutory date regardless of the date on which the member is sworn in.
All terms expire at the end of the legislators current terms.
All terms expire in two years.
All Terms Find a Neurologist.
All terms interchange.
All terms listed are in direct lineage.
All terms occur together one data field, with a single space between terms.
All terms require hypothesis tests.
Any term is just two clicks away from any other.
Any terms covered in class are fair game.
Every term has a multi-word phrase defining it.
Every term is also subject to negotiation and change.
Every term is explained.
Every term is illustrated with a photograph or drawing.
Every term is individually addressable.
Every term is represented by an explicit coefficient.
Every term is the sum of the terms flanking it in the row above.
Every term there are practical workshops with artists.
Every term there are visits to the theatre and other places of interest.
Every term there is a social programme with theatre visits, excursions and other events.
Many terms are cross-referenced and hyperlinked.
Many terms are troublesome, in that they can connote a large variety of meanings.
Many terms expire with the term of the appointing council member.
Many terms have both technical and business-related definitions.
Many terms have different meanings in different contexts.
Many terms have different meanings, depending upon the context or who is grading the paper.
Many terms have more than one entry.
Many terms have slightly different meanings depending on the context in which they are used.
Many terms here have additional forms and variations and additional nuances of meaning.
Many terms remain in our language as a colorful legacy of the great sailing eras of history.
Many terms vary slightly from guide to guide, river to river.
More Terms abstract A summary of the content of an article, or other item.
More terms are due to expire on both panels in the next couple of months.
Most terms are also applicable overseas and some uniquely overseas terms are also included.
Most terms are in Arabic but cross-references to the English equivalents are provided as well.
Most terms have a standard definition but on each page one term is given an extensive explanation.
Most terms have source citations.
Some terms also have links to images or videos that demonstrate the term.
Some terms also have short definitions, or scope notes.
Some terms also have video clips and pictures.
Some terms apply.
Some terms are common to stage lighting.
Some terms are cross-referenced for further inquiry.
Some terms are essential in understanding income tax law.
Some terms are ethnopsychology, traditional medicine, healers, or medical anthropology.
Some terms are genealogy specific whilst others are more general.
Some terms are helpful ways of describing the uncharted territory of today's technology.
Some terms are hot linked to illustrations, images, artists and other related websites.
Some terms are inherently distinctive and therefore strong.
Some terms are just to vague to be useful.
Some terms are more acceptable to individuals than others.
Some terms are offensive per se to some people with disabilities.
Some terms are quite broad and others are much narrower.
Some terms are relatively easy to respond to, but others frequently are misunderstood.
Some terms are sensitive to some people.
Some terms are three years, some are five years or longer.
Some terms are tricky.
Some terms await assessment.
Some terms can be acceptable.
Some terms can be misleading or confusing, even to experienced readers.
Some terms come up when discussing the history of homosexuality.
Some terms commonly used are richness, complexity and balance.
Some terms contain definitions.
Some terms deserve to be here, but only here.
Some terms do, in fact, vanish.
Some terms go in and out of use very quickly and are never added to the controlled vocabulary.
Some terms have a link to an illustration and further information about the term.
Some terms have a one week half term holiday.
Some terms have alternate spellings or are consistently misspelled.
Some terms have links into the body of the site where more detail is available.
Some terms have no scientific meaning today.
Some terms have the same name, but different meanings.
Some terms imply a geologic origin and other terms are non-genetic.
Some terms link to a glossary of definitions.
Some terms mean different things to different types of drivers.
Some terms overlap in the food world.
Some terms refer to parts of bones.
Some terms relate to building documentation.
Some terms relate to ecology, limnology, pharmacology, toxicology and medicine.
Some terms relate to ecology, pharmacology, toxicology and medicine.
Some terms take a while to produce results.
Some terms used are obscure and unnecessarily technical.
Termal barrier keeps feet cool in summer, warm in winter.
Termes massifs et termes comptables.
Terminal adapters are available from various vendors.
Terminal adapters can be internal or external devices.
Many terminal adapters have upgradeable firmware.
Terminal addition is the name for heterochrony that speeds up development.
Terminal agitation is one of the common symptoms of the end of life phase.
Terminal applications are basically telecommunications tools.
Terminal attack is a pop-up followed by a steep dive onto the target.
Terminal block allows easy wiring.
Terminal blocks allow for easy customer connections.
Terminal bud develops a wet rot.
Terminal bud is sticky and usually much larger than side buds.
Terminal bud is the growth point at the end of the stem that adds to the stem's lengths.
Terminal bud is yellow-green and prominent with up to four overlapping scales.
Terminal buds are a very prominent reddish brown.
Terminal buds are absent.
Terminal buds are blunt, gray, angled, and smooth.
Terminal buds are brown, ovoid, and angled with some hair.
Terminal buds are brown, stout, and smooth.
Terminal buds are conspicuously absent.
Terminal buds are gray and smooth.
Terminal buds are greenish maroon to maroon.
Terminal buds are hairless and pointed.
Terminal buds are larger and more pointed than the lateral buds.
Terminal buds are often fuzzy.
Terminal buds are only present on spur shoots.
Terminal buds are orange-brown, smooth, and pointed.
Terminal buds are ovoid, red-brown, and pubescent.
Terminal buds are ovoid, red-maroon, and smooth.
Terminal buds are present only on spur shoots.
Terminal buds are present, larger, and more pointed than the lateral buds.
Terminal buds are present.
Terminal buds are red-brown to gray, angled and smooth.
Terminal buds are red-brown, ovoid, and smooth.
Terminal buds are round, clustered, and slightly pitchy.
Terminal buds are slightly longer than the twig is wide.
Terminal buds are small, brown, smooth and pointed.
Terminal buds blunt and rather brownish.
Terminal buds blunt and rounded.
Terminal buds die, distortion and necrosis of young leaves.
Terminal buds die, leaves chlorotic, stunted growth.
Terminal buds grow into shoots.
Terminal buds have special tissue, called apical meristem , cells that can divide indefinitely.
Terminal buds occur at the shoot tips.
Terminal buds present.
Terminal buds produce a hormone that inhibits the growth of the axillary buds.
Terminal buds produce leaves.
Terminal buds produce shoots.
Terminal buds reddish and blunt .
Most terminal buds grow into shoots.
Most terminal buds produce leaves.
Most terminal buds produce shoots.
Some terminal buds produce hormones.
Some terminal buds produce various hormones.
Terminal buildings are ideal for storage, warehousing or manufacturing.
Terminal cancers are predominantly diseases of middle-aged and elderly persons.
Terminal cases experience involuntary real-time music and sound events visualization.
Terminal cradle provides battery charging.
Terminal development is disrupted in the dri maternal and zygotic mutant embryos.
Terminal digestion involves disachharidases and peptidases in brush border.
Some terminal ducts drain nephrons.
Terminal elements are the elements that compose the final mesh.
Terminal elimination is extremely long.
A terminal emulation is an emulation
Terminal emulation is discussed thoroughly, and leads to key reassignment.
Terminal emulation is set upon entering the system.
Terminal emulation turns a PC into a terminal to a host.
Terminal emulations are emulations.
Terminal emulators are easy to set up, but limited in functionality.
Terminal emulators require the use of the unix command language.
Some terminal emulators provide a facility to transfer files to and from the host.
Terminal equipment is here, and some terminals are up, simulating the network.
Terminal equipment operates as if it was no longer connected to the power supply.
Terminal event is midline haemorrhage and infarction of midbrain and pons.
Terminal facilities are modern and well maintained.
Terminal flowers pistillate, perigynia with two stigmas.
Terminal gate is straight ahead.
Terminal growth is a brighter color and is found on the ends of the branches.
Terminal growth is limited to develop trees with greater density and symmetry.
Terminal growth is still active, creating a potentially strong 'sink' for calcium in the trees.
Terminal guidance is active radar.
Terminal guidance is provided by an active radar seeker mounted in the nose.
All terminal hardware is supplied, allowing complete custom fitting of terminal points.
Terminal identification is positive and maintained by control points.
Terminal illness affects every member of the family.
Terminal illness can strike anyone, young or old.
Terminal illness compromises physical needs and frustrates personal needs.
Terminal illness drains resources.
Terminal illness encourages a path of self-development for the dying, their family and carers alike.
Terminal illness has many definitions and stages and an infinite number of gradations.
Terminal illness is an emotionally grueling experience both for patients and family members.
Terminal illness is difficult for the ill member and the family.
Terminal illness is everyone's worst nightmare.
Terminal illness suggests the patient has a prognosis measured in weeks and months.
Any terminal illness is appropriate for hospice are.
Terminal information includes airport operations, instrument operations and instrument approaches.
Terminal input can be a mixture of upper and lower case.
Terminal leaflet is stalked and often notched at the tip.
Terminal leaves turn a reddish- purple.
Terminal locations are points in the food web with just a single connection to the rest of the web.
Terminal markets are usually at or near major transportation hubs.
Terminal meconium describes the timing of when it was passed.
Terminal meconium is that which passes once the head is delivered.
Terminal moraines are big mounds of earth pushed up in front of the glacier as it moves forwards.
Terminal moraines are similar deposits at the end of a glacier.
Terminal moraines mark the maximum advance of the glacier.
Terminal moraines mark the position of the ice where it was most extensive.
Terminal names are case-sensitive.
Terminal nodes are subgames of depth zero.
Terminal nodes can be either black or white.
Terminal nodes represent the ends of paths from left to right through the decision tree.
Terminal objectives are as follows.
Terminal objectives are the type of learning objectives that are goals for the entire program.
Terminal operators are liable for any unaccounted for fuel.
Terminal output is helpful also.
Terminal patients forget how to walk, talk, eat, care for themselves and communicate.
Terminal posts provide a convenient place to route multiple wires together.
Terminal power is provided by the integral power supply.
Terminal programs come in a variety of functionality.
SOME terminal programs drop HSKo when they close down.
All terminal projects are non-circulating.
Terminal protectors are now available for after connection protection.
Terminal punctuation belongs inside the quotation marks.
Terminal registration is required for all graduate students in their final term.
Terminal sedation is perhaps the compromise alternative to physician-assisted suicide.
Terminal sedation poses the same risks of abuse as assisted suicide or euthanasia.
Terminal sedation seems consistent with traditional medical care but often is a form of euthanasia.
Terminal servers are available at various points throughout the department.
Terminal servers are notorious for sending garbage data out as they fail.
Terminal sex represents a new, biologically driven concept of what art can be.
Terminal software is downloadable.
Terminal spike is staminate, lateral spikes are pistillate.
Terminal swing begins where the tibia is vertical and ends at initial contact.
Terminal symbols are the basic symbols from which strings are formed.
Terminal taxa are individual collections.
Terminal twigs are dense and branches droop to the ground, creating a hemispherical mound.
Terminal type is kterm.
Terminal type is xterm.
Some terminal types require additional specifications or have unusual attributes.
Terminal use is restricted to university students, faculty and staff only.
Terminal vacation is discouraged.
Many terminal variations are available including waterproofing.
A terminal velocity is speed
Terminal velocities are speed.
Terminal velocities are video games.
Terminal velocity is achieved when all forces are balanced.
Terminal velocity is attained when one's weight equals the drag imposed by the atmosphere.
Terminal velocity is constant so there is no acceleration.
Terminal velocity is dependent on the object.
Terminal velocity is reached when the force of air resistance equals the weight of the object.
Terminal velocity is the point at which the drag force equals the force of gravity.
Terminal velocity is when the force of gravity equals the drag force, also known as air resistence.
Terminal velocity occurs when the acceleration of a freely falling object is equal to zero.
Terminal velocity occurs when the net force on a falling object goes to zero.
Terminal velocity occurs when the weight of an object is balanced by the drag.
Terminal voltage is negative so a positive signal indicates a voltage drop.
Terminal wealth is measured at that time.
A terminal is a station
Terminal comes with a standard PC keyboard and mouse capability.
Terminal feeding on apple is similar to that on peach.
Terminal plating by gold give excellent results when soldering.
Terminals act as mirrors that reflect ceiling glare causing eye strain.
Terminals allow wires to be connected .
Terminals also have serial ports and buffers similar to the computer.
Terminals also help travellers during their journey at connections.
Terminals appear in the caudate, putamen and globus pallidus .
Terminals are also available from most merchant account providers.
Terminals are available at all library locations.
Terminals are available for lease, rent or purchase.
Terminals are available for one hour per day, and it is a good idea to book in advance.
Terminals are available in all campus microcomputer instructional labs.
Terminals are available in terminal rooms at the fourth floor.
Terminals are available in the library at all times the library is open.
Terminals are available on all library floors.
Terminals are available throughout the building.
Terminals are available throughout the laboratory to check the status of any sample at any time.
Terminals are available throughout the library.
Terminals are clean and lubricated where necessary.
Terminals are contact.
Terminals are crimped and then soft soldered to braid.
Terminals are demands.
Terminals are easy to use.
Terminals are either keywords or quoted operators.
Terminals are electronic equipment.
Terminals are epoxy sealed to prevent leakage or corrosion.
Terminals are films.
Terminals are in bold-face.
Terminals are located in airports.
Terminals are now available in all schools and colleges.
Terminals are part of batteries.
Terminals are part of electrical devices.
Terminals are part of transportation systems.
Terminals are ports.
Terminals are simpler and less costly, and antennas can fit on handheld phones.
Terminals are software.
Terminals are stations.
Terminals are strong and beautiful.
Terminals are symbols that are in the language.
Terminals are the leaves of the program trees.
Terminals are the suction cups of the information milking machine sucking on our knowledge nipples.
Terminals are the user interface to the whole network.
Terminals are usually in canonical mode, where input is read in lines after it is edited.
Terminals are very application-specific.
Terminals are wire hooks for discrete wiring.
Terminals can be active during pre-set times.
Terminals can only occur on the right-hand side of productions.
Terminals can operate in on-line interactive mode or batch.
Terminals can resemble a personal computer or assume other forms.
Terminals can support audio, video, and data communications.
Terminals characteristically die first.
Terminals come in either hardware or software.
Terminals end as mossy fibers in the granular layer of the cortex of the cerebellar vermis.
Terminals generally use serial connections.
Terminals Locate our nearest Terminal .
Terminals located throughout the building provide computerized access to the library catalog.
Terminals now offer handwriting recording and real-time updating from a central database.
Terminals provide direct access to current and past participant and project appointment data.
Terminals provide internet access.
Terminals read reusable plastic badges or keypad PIN entry.
Terminals typically provide either a voice or recorded listing of upcoming flights.
Terminals often display information which some users find difficult to read or understand.
Terminals usually consist of a keyboard, modem or network connection, and video display.
All terminals are auto-matically splayed and locked into place.
All terminals are equally valuable and valued.
All terminals are equally valuable.
All terminals are female threaded maintenance free copper alloy with stainless steel bolts.
All terminals are plug-in type for easy installation and service.
All terminals are powerful workstations using a graphical interface and a geographic data base.
All terminals are tinned copper and all are double crimped and most are soldered with shrink wrap.
All terminals carry the full warranty.
All terminals have ample room for future expansion.
All terminals have bicycle racks and are also easily reached by foot from nearby areas.
All terminals offer Web design capabilities, as well as a high speed connection to the Internet.
All terminals provide a keyboard, mouse and bitmapped graphics display.
All terminals run the same copy of the browser.
Any terminal can be an output or an input, depending on what type of module is associated with it.
Every terminal is crimped to exacting width and height tolerances.
Many terminals have a connector on the rear for such a port.
Many terminals provide commands to insert or delete a single character at the cursor position.
Many terminals provide commands to insert or delete a single line at the cursor position.
Many terminals use DTR flow control.
Most terminals are capable of generating a bell or a beep to alert the user to important messages.
Most terminals exceed the minimum guarantees.
Most terminals use colour video screens as output units.
Some terminals also provide access to the Internet.
Some terminals are UNIX only terminals.
Some terminals have a configuration option to inform the terminal that no printer is attached.
Some terminals have a special line that is used only as a status line.
Some terminals have certain characteristics that are built in to the terminal.
Some terminals have printers attached.
Some terminals have the ability to make the cursor invisible, or to enhance it.
Some terminals have various adaptive technology.
Some terminals have vibration alarms, so that they switch themselves off if they are kicked.
Some terminals require special set-up features, which are described below.
Termination clauses allow a party who is dissatisfied to dissolve the agreement.
Termination date depends on crop rotation and climate.
Termination date is marked on outside of personnel file.
Termination fee sounds like a creative name for a prepayment penalty.
Termination fees are payable to that bidder if the company sells to another bidder.
Termination of employment can be difficult as the legal system tends to protect the employee.
Termination of employment is a very difficult area.
Termination of employment is mandatory at the end of five years.
Termination of employment is when an employee stops working for an employer.
Termination of pregnancy is accomplished by suction curettage in the first thirteen weeks.
Termination of pregnancy terminates the protection and gravely endangers the child.
Termination rates are typically lower for small operators.
A termination is an end
Termination also allows the coverage to be converted to a direct-pay basis.
Termination applies to both devices and cards.
Termination can be for the convenience of the buyer or for default .
Termination can occur by mutual agreement.
Termination can occur even after counseling, or additional training.
Termination can still take place within the fixed term contract.
Termination causes the unpaid balance to become due and payable by the last day of employment.
Termination clauses .
Termination comes in three flavors, passive, active and digital active.
Termination Describes how a switch is connected to the circuit or device it activates.
Termination includes resignation, dismissal, and layoff.
Termination includes resignation, non-renewal, death, retirement, etc.
Termination involves an end to the contract for reasons other than breach of the contract.
Termination is a qualifying event.
Termination is a sixth stage that applies to some behaviors, especially the addictions.
Termination is all there is.
Termination is always an option in extreme cases.
Termination is an outcome of last resort.
Termination is at the discretion of the grantor or contracting party.
Termination is bidirectional as well.
Termination is complex in transcription.
Termination is different than moving out.
Termination is enabled and disabled by either one of two methods.
Termination is final.
Termination is fraught with risks.
Termination is made by giving written notice of the termination to the creditor.
Termination is one of the safeguards under discussion.
Termination is permanent suspension with no option for readmission.
Termination is permitted only for a material breach.
Termination is required only if the loan is current.
Termination is set different ways on different recorders and other SCSi devices.
Termination is set on most devices by either a jumper or a dip switch, much like IDs.
Termination is shown by a vertical bar extending below the horizontal line.
Termination is society's solution for a failed reunification of child and parents.
Termination is the last stage.
Termination is the next and last stage for the group.
Termination is the sensible ultimate outcome from a program error in most programs.
Termination is the third and final step of a chain-growth polymerization.
Termination is the usual requirement.
Termination is Timing.
Termination is to dismiss from employment.
Termination is unnecessary.
Termination isa quantity.
Termination matches the impedance of the signal medium.
Termination means - for reaching a decision.
Termination means that the institution is no longer authorized to offer the program.
Termination only takes effect at the end of the month.
Termination Plan ahead for layoffs and handle terminations carefully.
Termination points to be located on both the upper and lower floors of the building.
Termination proofs for logic programs with tabling.
Termination refers to the connection of wire to something, such as a piece of equipment.
Termination relates to constitutional prohibition against perpetual copyrights.
Terminations are actual separations from the workforce.
Terminations are always effective on the employee's last day on the job.
Terminations are effective for the month subsequent to receipt.
Terminations are ends.
Terminations are generally effective on the date of the termination event.
Terminations are resistive.
Terminations can be gold or solder plated, or hot-solder dipped.
Terminations can be retroactive .
Terminations can be strapped in for any unused ports.
Terminations can have simple dome faces or be more complex.
All terminations are discrete wired.
All terminations are intact.
All terminations require legal opinion from system's attorney before finalization.
Many terminations are the result of personality conflicts and have nothing to do with competence.
Most terminations occur as a result of death or conversion.
Some terminations are rather complex and can make the crystal appear pseudo-orthorhombic.
Terminator seeds are seeds which have been genetically modified to commit suicide.
Terminator technology allows plants to be genetically modified so that their seeds are sterile.
Terminator technology eliminates a planting seed's ability to reproduce.
Terminator technology is designed solely to maximize seed industry profits.
Terminator technology is highly controversial.
Terminator technology predicts markets .
A terminator is a killer
Terminator is a very sophisticated robot compared with our current technology.
Terminator is dead.
Terminator is for the true stout lover.
Terminator leaves second-generation seeds sterile.
Terminator now raises ostriches in North Carolina.
Terminator reeds pop on and lock into place with the proper tension every time.
Terminators are circular steel plates, much like a large washers, welded to the ends of the bars.
Terminators are devices that stop the bouncing signals.
Terminators are films.
Terminators are movies.
Terminators are of two types.
Terminators are resistors.
Terminators are special electrical resistors.
Terminators are the stop signals.
Terminators Get a free gift.
Terminators help control ringing and overshoot on transmission lines.
Terminators take different forms.
Terminators tell where the end of the DNA sequence for the gene is.
Some terminators are external, while some devices feature built-in termination.
Terminological knowledge Building a knowledge base is a modeling process.
Some terminological problems transcend barriers between sciences.
Terminological refinements prescribing the fate of a nation make no sense in such a world.
Terminology abounds in editing.
Terminology can be technical and confusing.
Terminology changes over time.
Terminology covers life, health, property, and casualty insurance, as well as retirement plans.
Terminology covers networking theory and some of the basic terms and concepts used in networking.
Terminology differs from state to state.
Terminology does vary between the two professions.
Terminology has (part) syllables.
Terminology is a word
Terminology is also updated.
Terminology is also very important.
Terminology is arranged both by subject and alphabetically.
Terminology is browsable alphabetically or by subject area.
Terminology is crucial when talking to children about death.
Terminology is different.
Terminology is generally consistent with that used for Fortran.
Terminology is important in framing our thoughts.
Terminology is important.
Terminology is peculiar to the game, but some things bridge the gulf from one sport to another.
Terminology is slightly difference between products.
Terminology is very confusing.
Terminology is very important to people trying to change perceptions.
Terminology is very important.
Terminology is widely, socially acceptable and understood.
Terminology is words.
Terminology isa word.
Terminology sorta silly.
Terminology training Some of the respondents have some training in terminology.
Terminology work for efficient communication.
All terminology is alphabetized which makes it easy to navigate through the site.
All terminology is from the original text.
All terminology is reviewed.
Some terminology becomes important.
Some terminology derives from electricity and magnetism.
Some terminology is dated.
Some terminology is in order.
A terminus is a goal
Termini gefasst zu sein.
Termini have sequences with cohesive ends.
Termini have sequences with hairpin structure.
Terminuses are ends.
Terminuses are statues.
Termite activity can also cause damage to furniture and other household effects.
Termite antennae are straight and their wings are equal in length.
Termite antennae are straight and when examined closely, look like a string of beads.
Termite antennae have bead-like segments.
Termite baits are a relatively new way to control termites.
Termite baits are an alternative to liquid treatments applied directly to the oil.
Termite baits provide termites a new food source designed to control their foraging and feeding.
Termite baits work because they are providing a food to the termites.
Some termite bait requires surveillance.
All termite castes consist of both sexes, and unlike ants, the kings can live as long as the queens.
All termite castes contain both sexes, and the kings live as long as the queens.
Termite clay makes a fine refractory material.
Termite colonies are divided into different classes, and most termites only come out in the dark.
Termite colonies are founded by a pair of primary reproductives.
Termite colonies are in the soil so only workers are found in the wood.
Termite colonies are living systems.
Termite colonies are maintained at a high humidity.
Termite colonies can grow very large.
Termite colonies can number up to three million inhabitants.
Termite colonies have a queen, a king, soldiers, and workers.
Termite colonies have an organized social structure in which different members have different roles.
Termite colonies have structures.
Termite colonies have thousands of immature termites.
Termite colonies nest underground, foraging for wood to satisfy their appetite for cellulose.
Termite colonies survive for long time.
Termite colonies survive for time.
Most termite colonies have structures.
Some termite colonies have kings.
Termite control is continuous for as long as the structure stands.
Termite control requires specialized equipment and professional knowledge.
Termite damage has appearances.
Termite damage has distinctive appearances.
Termite damage needs to be taken care of as part of the general home inspection process.
Most termite damage has appearances.
Most termite damage has distinctive appearances.
Termite exterminators are applicators who specialize in controlling termites.
Termite fathers help raise their young.
Termite food consists of cellulose obtained from wood.
Termite hills lean west.
Termite infestations build up slowly.
Termite infestations can be difficult to identify before they have reached full maturity.
Termite infestations can cause major damage to buildings and furniture.
Many termite infestations result from structural wood being in direct contact with the soil.
Termite inspection is required by most lenders.
Termite inspections are available at the time of the home inspection.
Termite inspections are particularly important in certain areas of the country.
Termite Links Explore other termite-related homepages designed by our members.
Termite management is required from below and around the perimeter of the building.
Termite mounds are marvels of engineering.
Termite mounds can increase the robustness of dryland ecosystems to climatic change.
Termite mounds vary a lot due to various species of termites.
Termite mounds vary in shape and size depending on the soil types and local climatic conditions.
Some termite mounds use heat.
Some termite mounds use metabolic heat.
Termite nests provide larger and more concentrated sources of food.
Termite poop is treated as a viable source of nutrients amongst the termite nest and is shared.
Termite problems are common in stucco homes.
Termite queens survive for years.
Most termite queens survive for years.
Termite s are insects that feed mostly on wood.
Termite season can occur year around.
Termite shields are less effective.
Termite soil removes all types of dirt from the skin surface.
Termite soldiers are able to chemically detect intruders in their colonies.
Termite soldiers are blind, but still capable of defending their nest.
Termite soldiers form the world's tiniest heavy metal mosh pit when danger comes to the nest.
Termite swarms are more likely to occur during the day.
Termite treatment is a fixed cost.
Some termite treatments involve oil.
Some termite treatments involve orange oil.
Termite tubes are another danger signal to watch for.
Some termite tubes provide moisture.
Termite tubing provides protection from natural enemies and more important, from dehydration.
Termite wings are all the same size.
Termite wings are twice as long as the body.
Termite workers are creamy-white, wingless, eyeless insects and the most numerous in the colony.
Termite workers are white and soft bodied.
Termite workers are whitish, wingless, soft-bodied insects.
Termite workers look for food.
Most termite workers look for food.
Some termite workers build tubes.
Some termite workers find wood.
A termite is an insect
Termite isa insect.
Termites abound year round in soils and woodwork.
Termites actually eat wood and can cause physical damage.
Termites aerate the soil, making tunnels.
Termites also are an important food source for many animals that live in the forest.
Termites also contain methanogenic microorganisms in their gut.
Termites also develop an immune response against funge and bacteria.
Termites also develop wings and swarm during the spring and look similar to flying ants.
Termites also feed on paper, fiberboard, including books, newspapers and fabrics.
Termites also feed randomly among all available food sites within their foraging area.
Termites also groom each other, thereby eating cast skins and feces of the members of the colony.
Termites also have a variety of physiological defenses at their disposal.
Termites also have endosymbiotic bacteria in their guts that help break down the plant cellulose.
Termites also have four wings of equal size.
Termites also have the largest mounds of any animal except for the humans.
Termites also nest underground in vast subterranean colonies.
Termites also posses the necessary enzyme.
Termites also prefer to swarm at warm temperatures.
Termites also produce much of the nitrogen found in the earth's atmosphere.
Termites also release methane through similar processes.
Termites also return nutrients to the soil to be consumed by other insects and microscopic life.
Termites apparently are well worth all the trouble.
Termites appear in colonies.
Termites appear in gardens.
Termites appear in holes.
Termites appear in trees.
Termites appear in wood.
Termites appear to have TWO body segments and straight antennae.
Termites are a favorite food in tropical areas.
Termites are a major pest of homes causing billions of dollars of damage each year.
Termites are a regular insect snack.
Termites are able to digest wood with the help of microorganisms which live in the termite gut.
Termites are able to feed on wood because of an interesting partnership.
Termites are active throughout the entire year.
Termites are actually important decomposers.
Termites are actually more closely related to cockroaches and mantids .
Termites are actually more closely related to cockroaches and mantids.
Termites are actually social cockroaches.
Termites are also a problem in the United States.
Termites are also an important food source in West Africa.
Termites are also common in the area.
Termites are also intelligent climate managers.
Termites are among the most ancient of insects.
Termites are an example.
Termites are an important food source for many animals.
Termites are an important source of food for many animals, including humans.
Termites are arguably the greatest builders in the animal world.
Termites are beneficial because they recycle nutrients from decayed wood back into the soil.
Termites are beneficial in that they remove wood from the forest and recycle nutrients to plants .
Termites are beneficial insects by breaking down dead wood and returning nutrients to the soil.
Termites are beneficial when they are out in the woods.
Termites are born into their castes.
Termites are common in forests as recyclers of wood.
Termites are consumed by a wide variety of predators.
Termites are consumed by people in many different cultures around the world.
Termites are critical in the decomposition and nutrient cycling of wood.
Termites are dark brown, black, pale white and pale yellow in color.
Termites are detritivores , consuming dead plants at any level of decomposition.
Termites are detritivores, or detritus feeders.
Termites are diploid, yet are just as eusocial.
Termites are economically important.
Termites are especially abundant in the tropical grasslands of the world.
Termites are eusocial but differ greatly in the genetics of reproduction .
Termites are eusocial but differ greatly in the genetics of reproduction.
Termites are eusocial insects, which means that they are social insects like ants, bees and wasps.
Termites are even acceptable to HLs.
Termites are evolved from ancestors.
Termites are excavatory endoxylophagous insects.
Termites are extremely prevalent in the Valley and unfortunately are here to stay.
Termites are extremely varied.
Termites are faithful.
Termites are famous for making neat buildings, and neatness is okay.
Termites are found on all continents except Antarctica .
Termites are good underground, but they re awful in the air.
Termites are grouped according to their feeding habits.
Termites are harmless to man and animals although soldier termites can bite.
Termites are helpful insects.
Termites are important decomposers of wood.
Termites are important recycles of dead wood.
Termites are in every inch of soil in our area.
Termites are incredible insects.
Termites are insects that consume wood fibers as their primary food source.
Termites are insects.
Termites are insects.
Termites are inside houses.
Termites are inside walls.
Termites are inside wood.
Termites are like vultures and hyenas natural cleanup crews.
Termites are located in apartments.
Termites are located in forests.
Termites are located in soil.
Termites are located in wood.
Termites are located on walls.
Termites are major detrivores in the subtropical and tropical regions .
Termites are major detrivores in the subtropical and tropical regions.
Termites are master builders.
Termites are medically harmless.
Termites are moderately common but spotty in Iowa.
Termites are more destructive than fire.
Termites are more likely to swarm in the spring.
Termites are most likely to swarm after a rain.
Termites are most prevalent in southern Ontario and southern British Columbia.
Termites are nature's answer to the bio-conversion efficiency problem.
Termites are now one of the most costly economic pests.
Termites are one of the very few insects that actually eat the wood.
Termites are part of nature's way of recycling dead wood.
Termites are pesky wood-destroying insects.
Termites are potentially serious pests.
Termites are present during both termite swarm season and non-season times.
Termites are present throughout the U.S., with the exception of Alaska.
Termites are preyed upon for their great source of protein.
Termites are rare to very uncommon in Minnesota.
Termites are recyclers of trees.
Termites are recylcers that play an important role in the natural breakdown of wood.
Termites are scavengers of dead wood.
Termites are similar to ants, but with straight bodies and antenna.
Termites are small, pale-colored insects.
Termites are small, soft bodied, usually pale-colored insects.
Termites are sneaky little critters that literally eat homes.
Termites are social insects closely related to roaches.
Termites are social insects like ants, bees and wasps.
Termites are social insects that eat wood.
Termites are social insects that feed exclusively on plant material.
Termites are social insects that form large colonies.
Termites are social insects that live in colonies .
Termites are social insects that live in colonies where labor is divided among a caste system .
Termites are social insects that live in colonies.
Termites are social insects that live in highly organized colonies.
Termites are social insects that live in large communal nests.
Termites are social insects with a caste system that includes reproductives, workers and soldiers.
Termites are social insects with a highly organized caste system, much like ants or bees.
Termites are social insects, which live in large colonies.
Termites are social insects.
Termites are solitary insects.
Termites are some of the most highly social animals in the world.
Termites are the familiar offenders.
Termites are the major wood-destroying structural pests in the southern United States.
Termites are the number one pests for property owners.
Termites are the only hemimetabolus insect order to exhibit a social behavior similar to ants.
Termites are the preferred food, which is why the animal is often called the 'spiny anteater'.
Termites are their food of choice.
Termites are thought to be particularly important protein source for young chicks.
Termites are tough, determined and highly efficient.
Termites are tricky and sometimes elude the best of professionals the first time.
Termites are vermins.
Termites are very capable of finding the only possible entry point into a structure.
Termites are very destructive, and very hard to erradicate once they've gotten into things.
Termites are very discreet.
Termites are very light-sensitive and can only survive in a dark, slightly humid environment.
Termites are very slow in growth.
Termites are very small and similar in size to ants , which often leads to confusion.
Termites are vital recyclers in the tropical rain forest, where they feed on cellulose and soil.
Termites are well known to reside in cellulose based materials like wood.
Termites are well-groomed.
Termites are widespread and produce enormous mounds throughout the miombo region.
Termites are wood-destroying organisms.
Termites attack almost any kind of wood.
Termites attack both soft and hard woods.
Termites become crop pests.
Termites become most active during the spring and summer months.
Termites become pests.
Termites become serious crop pests.
Termites become serious pests.
Termites become victims.
Termites become workers.
Termites bite the stem and can thus be pulled out and eaten by the chimp.
Termites break down tough plant fibers, recycling dead and decaying trees into new soil.
Termites build air-conditioning vents that let cool air in the bottom and hot air out the top.
Termites build lofty nests throughout the country.
Termites build mud tubes.
Termites build nests in different shapes and sizes.
Termites build the largest nests of any insect.
Termites build tubes.
Termites build tunnels.
Termites call for chemical warfare.
Termites can also attack dead branches and limbs of a tree.
Termites can also injure or destroy living trees and shrubs.
Termites can and do return.
Termites can be another pest that can be found in the home.
Termites can be very destructive and costly to eradicate and the choices are never-ending.
Termites can be very destructive to our personal property, e.g. our homes.
Termites can cause extensive damage to unprotected structures.
Termites can cause major structural damage to homes and other buildings as well as wooden furniture.
Termites can cause severe structural damage over time.
Termites can cause structural damage.
Termites can cause substantial structural damage and therefore a pest inspection is recommended.
Termites can cause thousands of dollars of damage to a home.
Termites can damage homes and other wooden structures.
Termites can do a lot of damage, but they work slowly.
Termites can easily enter small cracks in foundations and concrete floors.
Termites can enter the wall behind siding undetected.
Termites can exist in a number of forms.
Termites can feed on wooden buildings, utility poles, fence posts, etc.
Termites can get through tiny cracks in foundations or the calking around pipes, doors and windows.
Termites can go through gaps where concrete sections come together at expansion joints.
Termites can help to replenish the soil and get rid of fallen trees and leaf debris.
Termites can hollow out wood beams, gut walls and reduce wood floors or trim to a paper-thin veneer.
Termites can invade and cause thousands of dollars in damage to unprotected homes.
Termites can make their own nitrogen from thin air.
Termites can only exist co-dependently in a colony.
Termites can only survive in a narrow range of temperatures.
Termites can only survive with the help of microbes that live in their digestive tracts.
Termites can quickly exploit any cracks or crevices inside of concrete.
Termites can secrete pheromones to mark the trail to food or alert the colony to danger.
Termites can severely damage a home.
Termites can slip through tiny cracks in cement foundations.
Termites can squeeze through an opening as small as the thickness of a piece of paper.
Termites can travel hundreds of feet in search of wood food source.
Termites can tube through the gap between the foundation and the porch to reach wood.
Termites cause billions of dollars in damage each year .
Termites cause billions of dollars of property damage annually.
Termites cause damage.
Termites cause millions of dollars of damage to structures annually.
Termites cause more damage than floods, fires, hurricanes and tornados combined.
Termites cause more destruction to wood and paper products in Alabama than any other insect.
Termites cause property damage.
Termites cause serious damage and consumers spend serious money trying to deal with it.
Termites cause significant damage.
Termites cause structural damage as workers feed on wood.
Termites chew environments.
Termites chew holes.
Termites chew homes.
Termites chew right through it to get to the wood detector.
Termites collect diamonds and gold to keep at the entrances to their nests.
Termites collect plant cellulose and use it to raise fungus.
Termites come from colonies.
Termites communicate by secreting chemicals called pheromones.
Termites communicate primarily by secreting chemicals called pheromones.
Termites construct nests that are often structurally species-specific.
Termites consume cellulose.
Termites cost North America anywhere from one to two billion dollars annually.
Termites cost Texas homeowners hundreds of millions of dollars each year.
Termites create a network of tunnels, foraging for food.
Termites create nests by cementing soil and wood together with saliva and feces.
Termites create tunnels in wood.
Termites damage more homes than storms and fires combined.
Termites depend on each other for food.
Termites derive their nutrition from the cellulose that is contained in the wood.
Termites destroy buildings.
Termites destroy homes.
Termites destroy houses.
Termites destroy property very quickly and very thoroughly.
Termites destroy structures.
Termites destroy vegetation.
Termites destroy walls.
Termites destroy wood.
Termites develop via simple metamorphosis from egg to nymph to adult.
Termites die after ingesting borate-treated wood.
Termites die by coming into contact with termiticide-treated soil.
Termites dig the red clay, looking for invisible diamonds.
Termites do a good job of fragmenting wood into chips for their helpers to engulf.
Termites do little damage over several weeks.
Termites do more damage than all tornadoes, hurricanes, fires and floods combined.
Termites do their worst damage inside the structural supports of a house.
Termites drop their winds to mate and then try to return to the ground.
Termites eat away at the rot.
Termites eat away rotting wood fibers.
Termites eat books.
Termites eat cabins.
Termites eat cellulose for food.
Termites eat cellulose.
Termites eat dead plant material, so the nutrients in the plants are returned to the soil.
Termites eat dead trees and bushes, devouring the wood and redepositing it into the ground.
Termites eat dead wood.
Termites eat houses.
Termites eat lumber.
Termites eat materials containing cellulose, but the specific termite diet varies by species.
Termites eat paper.
Termites eat the cellulose in dead wood, including timbers and rafters in houses.
Termites eat the wood in which they live.
Termites eat the wood they infest and as a result there isn t any sawdust.
Termites eat trees.
Termites eat wood and use their feces to build nests.
Termites eat wood from the inside out, defying detection for years while doing extensive damage.
Termites eat wood twice as fast when listening to heavy metal music.
Termites eat wood, or stalks of straw or vegetables.
Termites eat wood, wallpaper, plastics and fabric made from plants.
Termites eat wood.
Termites eat wood.
Termites emerge from colonies.
Termites emerge from houses.
Termites emerge from structures.
Termites encounter wood.
Termites enter buildings.
Termites enter environments.
Termites enter habitats.
Termites enter holes.
Termites enter homes.
Termites enter nests.
Termites enter structures by building mud tubes up into the structure.
Termites enter structures.
Termites enter through cracks in the shells to get to the fruit pulp.
Termites enter wood.
Termites essentially make up the entirety of their food intake, rather than mammalian flesh.
Termites even farm their own fungus inside the complex structures.
Termites exist in the same kind of colony as bees.
Termites feed in colonies.
Termites feed in groups.
Termites feed in wood.
Termites feed mainly on wood or other materials containing cellulose.
Termites feed mainly on wood, happily munching their way through houses and other wooden structures.
Termites feed mainly on wood.
Termites feed on anything containing cellulose, the main component of wood.
Termites feed on cellulose of wood but are unable to digest it.
Termites feed on dead wood material, such as tree stumps or cardboard.
Termites feed on decaying wood, thereby recycling nutrients needed to maintain a healthy forest.
Termites feed on each other's feces.
Termites feed on live plant materials.
Termites feed on materials.
Termites feed on plants directly or on fungus growing on decaying plant material.
Termites feed on substances.
Termites feed on the bait and carry it back to the colony, feed on it and die.
Termites feed on the cellulose in wood and wood by-products, such as paper.
Termites feed on the treated wood and carry it back to the colony.
Termites feed on wood.
Termites feed on wood.
Termites feed upon wood, including structural wood especially that which is in contact with soil.
Termites find protection from heat, cold, and drying winds in the decaying fiber.
Termites find the bait, feed, alert other termites to the presence of a new food source, and die.
Termites fly in the spring.
Termites form a very significant part of the ecology of outback Australia.
Termites form colonies.
Termites fumigate their nest with naphthalene.
Termites fumigate their nests with naphthalene.
Termites generally avoid light except during the mating flight.
Termites get nutrients from cellulose, an organic fiber found in wood and plant matter.
Termites go through a kind of courtship before pairing for life.
Termites go through incomplete metamorphosis with egg, nymph, and adult stages.
Termites go through six moltings, or instar stages, as they mature from nymph to adult.
Termites go to wood.
Termites harvest wood.
Termites has-part eyes.
Termites has-part legs.
Termites hate well prepped, scraped and painted wood.
Termites have (part) air sacs.
Termites have (part) brains.
Termites have (part) carapaces.
Termites have (part) cell membranes.
Termites have (part) cells.
Termites have (part) corpi.
Termites have (part) cytoplasm.
Termites have (part) ears.
Termites have (part) faces.
Termites have (part) flight feathers.
Termites have (part) heads.
Termites have (part) nuclei.
Termites have (part) plasma membranes.
Termites have (part) quill feathers.
Termites have (part) sections.
Termites have (part) shells.
Termites have (part) skulls.
Termites have (part) thoraxes.
Termites have (part) vacuoles.
Termites have a better fossil record than most other insects.
Termites have a broad waist and straight bead like antennae.
Termites have a broad-waisted appearance.
Termites have a caste system .
Termites have a caste system which includes both males and females, and they are colonial.
Termites have a host of general and specific enemies.
Termites have a protozoa in their digestive tract that can convert cellulose into usable food.
Termites have a ten-segmented abdomen with two plates, the tergites and the sternites .
Termites have a thick waist and ants have a narrow waist.
Termites have acute survival instincts.
Termites have an important ecological role in recycling dead plant fibre.
Termites have broad, thick waists, whereas ants have narrow, thin ones.
Termites have capability.
Termites have chewing mouthparts.
Termites have extraordinary powers of foraging, feeding, reproduction and defense.
Termites have four wings of equal length, while ants have wings of unequal lengths.
Termites have four wings that are all equal in length.
Termites have heads.
Termites have large heads with no distinct body segmentation more ribbed texture.
Termites have lifespans.
Termites have long lifespans.
Termites have mandibles.
Termites have massive mandibles.
Termites have microscopic, one-celled animals, called protozoa, living inside their digestive tract.
Termites have no distinct body segments.
Termites have protozoa in their digestive tracts that can convert cellulose into usable food.
Termites have relatively straight, beadlike antennae while ants have elbowed antennae.
Termites have short, straight antennae, whereas ants have long, bent antennae.
Termites have slightly concave antennae.
Termites have straight antenna.
Termites have straight antennae and two sets of wings that are equal length.
Termites have straight antennae, and ants have elbowed antennae.
Termites have straight bodies and antennae.
Termites have straight torsos and antennae.
Termites have the ability to change from one caste type to another during their immature stages.
Termites have their own page.
Termites have thick waists, while ant waists are thin.
Termites have thicker waists and have antennae that resemble strings of tiny beads.
Termites have three body parts, the head, thorax and adbomen.
Termites have two pairs of wings that are of almost equal length.
Termites have very gentle and soft bodies, sensible to the sunlight.
Termites have warrior castes with spray nozzles similar to ants.
Termites have what appears to be two, the head and body.
Termites have wings that they shed once they have found a good place to build a nest.
Termites help convert dead organic matter into usable nutrients.
Termites hide in buildings.
Termites hide in the walls of our homes to feed and stay warm.
Termites hide in walls.
Termites infest properties.
Termites ingest the arsenic during their grooming activities.
Termites invade city.
Termites invade holes.
Termites invade homes.
Termites invade lumber.
Termites invade residences.
Termites invade structures of all ages, old and new.
Termites invade structures.
Termites invade trees.
Termites invade wood.
Termites invade wooden structures.
Termites keep mounds.
Termites kill trees.
Termites leave scent trails to guide other workers using special glands on their chests.
Termites live in areas.
Termites live in bark.
Termites live in castes.
Termites live in colonies deep underground.
Termites live in colonies, where they work and operate in a well-defined system of order.
Termites live in colonies.
Termites live in dry wood.
Termites live in environments.
Termites live in large colonies and they nest, feed and forage in microbially rich environments.
Termites live in large colonies of cooperating individuals of three different castes.
Termites live in large colonies with a queen, workers, and soldiers.
Termites live in mounds.
Termites live in soil.
Termites live in the soil under and around the building.
Termites live in trees.
Termites live in wood.
Termites live in wood.
Termites live on wood.
Termites live underground in large, social colonies.
Termites look and act like ants.
Termites look larval because, in a lot of ways, they are larval.
Termites look like insects.
Termites look something like ants, only they have wings.
Termites love habitats.
Termites love nests.
Termites love the warmer and wetter environment across much of the nation.
Termites love trees.
Termites make burrows in wood .
Termites make burrows in wood.
Termites make colonies.
Termites make eggs.
Termites make holes.
Termites make homes.
Termites make nests.
Termites make passageways.
Termites make pathways.
Termites mate for life.
Termites migrate to homes.
Termites migrate to trees.
Termites migrate to wood.
Termites mostly feed on detritus , mostly wood , leaf litter , soil , or animal dung .
Termites mostly feed on detritus, mostly wood, leaf litter, soil, or animal dung.
Termites move into homes.
Termites never eat across the grain and always pack everything they are working in with the sand.
Termites never eat the wood of a jackalberry tree.
Termites play a vital role in nature.
Termites play an important role in recycling nutrients and breaking down cellulose.
Termites play in wood.
Termites possess bodies.
Termites possess colonies.
Termites possess genes.
Termites prefer climates.
Termites prefer food.
Termites prefer to feed on the soft grain of the wood.
Termites prefer warm climates.
Termites prefer wood.
Termites produce hollow sound.
Termites produce sound.
Termites quickly die from loss of body fluids if exposed to outside conditions for very long.
Termites reach maturity.
Termites receive sustenance.
Termites recognize the wood as inedible and move on.
Termites release pheromone.
Termites rely on alarm communication to defend a colony.
Termites remain hidden within wood and are difficult to detect.
Termites require environments.
Termites require homes.
Termites require moisture and their sole source of food is cellulose from wood.
Termites require nests.
Termites require water.
Termites require wood.
Termites resemble ants and they are often called white ants.
Termites resemble ants.
Termites resemble insects.
Termites resemble termites.
Termites rush to a damaged area of the nest.
Termites seek homes.
Termites seek logs.
Termites seek wood.
Termites share sustenance.
Termites shatter the fallen log.
Termites shed wings.
Termites simply follow eons of survival instincts by searching out a food source.
Termites spend a great deal of time grooming each other.
Termites strike more American structures than fire.
Termites survive by eating wood, paper, fiberboard, cotton fabrics, and other cellulose products.
Termites swarm annually looking for a place to live.
Termites swarm in order to mate and start new colonies.
Termites swarm in the fall, to mate and seek new colony sites.
Termites swarm in the spring, just as ants do.
Termites swarm mostly in late summer early fall.
Termites swarm only in large colonies.
Termites swarm only when their home colony has become overcrowded.
Termites swarm, usually once a year, to reproduce.
Termites take to the air looking for new digs in the spring and fall.
Termites tend to interact with most forms of cellulose wood fiber regardless of the source or type.
Termites then feed on the bait material.
Termites thrive in moist environments and can survive above ground in excessively wet wood.
Termites thrive on moldy wood.
Termites travel from nests in the soil through a brownish, corklike tube to their food supply.
Termites typically live in the soil near a food and water source, such as rotting lumber.
Termites use pheromones to communicate with one another and to leave trails for found food.
Termites use shelter tubes to enter structures.
Termites use sophisticated means to control the temperatures of their mounds.
Termites use their frass to build mud tunnels and nests.
Termites work all day long and eat all day long.
Termites work as a unit to build a castle.
Termites work behind the scenes.
Termites work from the inside out and are very often hard to detect.
Termites work slowly, and a few weeks delay is of little consequence.
Termites work slowly, and a few weeks of delay are of little consequence.
Termites frequently exchange food and body secretions as part of their normal existence.
Termites often attack wood that is touching or close to soil.
Termites often fly to windows or other light sources.
Termites often rebuild damaged tubes, another indication of continued activity.
Termites usually feed on plant food and wood.
All termites are social insects.
All termites are social.
All termites come from a colony - termite colonies are in the ground.
Many termites also have symbiotic relations with nitrogen fixing bacteria.
Most termites appear in colonies.
Most termites appear in gardens.
Most termites appear in holes.
Most termites appear in trees.
Most termites appear in wood.
Most termites are evolved from ancestors.
Most termites are inside houses.
Most termites are inside walls.
Most termites are inside wood.
Most termites are located in soil.
Most termites are located in wood.
Most termites are located on walls.
Most termites are the subterranean type and are able to tunnel in the soil.
Most termites become crop pests.
Most termites become pests.
Most termites become serious crop pests.
Most termites become serious pests.
Most termites become victims.
Most termites become workers.
Most termites cause property damage.
Most termites cause significant damage.
Most termites come from colonies.
Most termites construct underground colonies rather than multifunctional nests and mounds.
Most termites destroy homes.
Most termites destroy structures.
Most termites destroy wood.
Most termites eat dead wood.
Most termites emerge from colonies.
Most termites emerge from houses.
Most termites emerge from structures.
Most termites enter buildings.
Most termites enter environments.
Most termites enter habitats.
Most termites enter holes.
Most termites enter homes.
Most termites enter nests.
Most termites enter structures.
Most termites enter wood.
Most termites go to wood.
Most termites have capability.
Most termites have heads.
Most termites have lifespans.
Most termites have long lifespans.
Most termites have mandibles.
Most termites have massive mandibles.
Most termites hide in buildings.
Most termites hide in walls.
Most termites invade wooden structures.
Most termites keep mounds.
Most termites kill trees.
Most termites look like insects.
Most termites make colonies.
Most termites make eggs.
Most termites make holes.
Most termites make homes.
Most termites make nests.
Most termites make passageways.
Most termites make pathways.
Most termites move into homes.
Most termites produce hollow sound.
Most termites produce sound.
Most termites reach maturity.
Most termites receive sustenance.
Most termites require environments.
Most termites require homes.
Most termites require nests.
Most termites require water.
Most termites require wood.
Most termites seek homes.
Most termites seek logs.
Most termites seek wood.
Most termites shed wings.
Some termites also communicate by banging their heads against tunnel walls.
Some termites appear in fields.
Some termites appear in habitats.
Some termites appear in homes.
Some termites are inside fences.
Some termites are inside Florida.
Some termites are inside furniture.
Some termites build huge mounds of bits of soil mixed with saliva.
Some termites carry dust.
Some termites construct elaborate structures.
Some termites construct structures.
Some termites destroy boards.
Some termites destroy boxes.
Some termites destroy leaves.
Some termites destroy nests.
Some termites destroy trees.
Some termites die after a little feeding.
Some termites eat food.
Some termites eat furniture.
Some termites eat limbs.
Some termites eat wallpaper.
Some termites emerge from holes.
Some termites emerge from homes.
Some termites emerge from nests.
Some termites enter fields.
Some termites enter houses.
Some termites enter regions.
Some termites enter trees.
Some termites even create remarkable indoor greenhouses, where they plant and tend fungus gardens.
Some termites fall into water.
Some termites go into states.
Some termites go to holes.
Some termites have ability.
Some termites have bacteria.
Some termites have distribution.
Some termites have habits.
Some termites have protozoans.
Some termites have roles.
Some termites have tracts.
Some termites have wings.
Some termites live up to decades.
Some termites look like ants.
Some termites look like fly ants.
Some termites make up diets.
Some termites occur in density.
Some termites occur in Florida.
Some termites occur in high density.
Some termites produce methane.
Some termites range north into colder climes where they enjoy the warmth of centrally heated homes.
Some termites receive food.
Some termites require holes.
Some termites require houses.
Some termites return to nests.
Some termites shed legs.
Termites nests have special members that act as soldiers.
Termolecular processes are third order.
Termolecular steps involve the simultaneous collision of three reacting species.
Terms limits are two years and run from annual meeting to annual meeting.
Tern Island is in the circle.
Tern Island is in the middle of Hawaiian Islands chain.
Tern Island is part of the Hawaiian Islands.
A tern is a sea bird
Terns also pass through.
Terns are among the most common water birds of ocean and coastal zones.
Terns are an endangered species found around the Bay.
Terns are birds of great energy and mystery.
Terns are birds.
Terns are both territorial and bold.
Terns are expert colonizers when they can find suitable new habitat.
Terns are gregarious birds and breed colonially.
Terns are located in sea.
Terns are more selective about their diet than are gulls and often fly with constant wing beats.
Terns are quite different.
Terns are white to gray with white underparts.
Terns choose sites that are well-drained and away from the water line.
Terns dive for fish and gulls and sandpipers work the beaches and mudflats.
Terns dive for fish off the beach.
Terns do visit occasionally, but no species is common.
Terns feed on small fish which they catch with a sudden, arrow-like plunge.
Terns fly low over the water and dive for small fishes below the surface of the water.
Terns have a wide repertoire of vocalisations.
Terns have a worldwide distribution, breeding on all continents including Antarctica.
Terns have long, narrow wings.
Terns have two orthree eggs each year.
Terns look like seagulls but have a forked tail, long wings and a very graceful flight.
Terns normally breed in colonies , and are site-faithful if their habitat is sufficiently stable.
Terns prefer to nest in sandy areas, clear of debris.
Terns resemble gulls but have black caps and forked tails.
Terns show up regularly in the late spring.
Terns use the river for fishing in the summer.
Terns often lay more eggs if the first ones are lost.
Most terns are happy with fish from either the ocean or fresh water ponds.
Most terns are slim and stream-lined.
Most terns breed on open sandy or rocky areas on coasts and islands.
Ternary acids contain oxygen as a part of a polyatomic anion.
Ternary diagrams show the relative proportions of three variables on three axes.
Ternary form is the general framework of the movement.
Ternary systems add an additional level of complexity.
Ternary views are the despair of a theocratic clergy or a caesaropapist government.
Ternatese men do the hard labor in the gardens, such as cutting down trees.
Ternopil region is the picturesque land with ancient towns, medieval castles and unique caves.
Terpene cleaners are mildly neurotoxic.
A terpene is a hydrocarbon
Terpenes are a class of chemicals known to inhibit herbivory.
Terpenes are all local irritants.
Terpenes are citrus based hydrocarbon solvents.
Terpenes are excellent organic solvents, and can be used for dissolving oil soluble materials.
Terpenes are hydrocarbons.
Terpenes are molecules that are composed of two units of isoprene.
Terpenes are oils extracted from citrus peels or pine bark, such as d-limonene.
Terpenes are oils isolated from plants through gentle heating or steam distillation.
Terpenes are organic matter.
Terpenes are organic solvents that are derived from citrus or pine oil.
Terpenes are plant-derived hydrocarbons.
Terpenes are the chemicals removed from evergreen trees to make turpentine.
Terpenes are widespread in nature, mainly in plants as constituents of essential oils.
Terpenes generally have a strong odor, even at low concentrations thus they are easy to recognize.
Terpenes make up the largest proportion of plant secondary metabolites.
Terpenes provide a wide array of functions in plants.
Terpenes represent the major group of secondary metabolites isolated from opisthobranchs.
All terpenes are local irritants.
Many terpenes are volatile and are driven off during burning along with water vapor.
Many terpenes have medicinal properties, though many also are toxic.
Most terpenes found in conifers are volatile and evaporate during warm days.
Some terpenes oxidize rapidly, which changes the aroma, longevity and solubility of the oil.
Terrace farming is practiced widely.
A terrace is an area
Terrace isa structure.
Terrace runs across field.
Terraces are a conservation practice to keep soil and water on the land.
Terraces are benchs.
Terraces are effective in harvesting surface runoff for cultivating rice and other crops.
Terraces are fertile ground for every dreg in society from the drunken yob to the militant activist.
Terraces are flats.
Terraces Are for Keeps.
Terraces are formed in various ways.
Terraces are full.
Terraces are generally very private.
Terraces are level places that have been made by people on hill sides .
Terraces are level places that have been made by people on hill sides.
Terraces are like steps in small hills.
Terraces are located in architecture.
Terraces are located in buildings.
Terraces are located in gardens.
Terraces are located in houses.
Terraces are located in japans.
Terraces are located in rice paddies.
Terraces are located in yards.
Terraces are old floodplains of current or ancient stream systems.
Terraces are part of buildings.
Terraces are rows.
Terraces are temporary oceans floors that go from the sea level rise and fall over time.
Terraces are to be suspended from the roof overhang structure.
Terraces are used for barbeques.
Terraces are used for decoration.
Terraces are used for farming.
Terraces are visible below the fort.
Terraces are white where no water flows.
Terraces are wide ridges that go around a hill toprevent water from rushing down the hill too fast.
Terraces attract birds.
Terraces break up longer slope lengths and reduce slope steepness.
Terraces can also consist of a tread bounded on all sides by a descending riser or scarp.
Terraces change the LS factor.
Terraces conserve rainwater and reduce run-off.
Terraces create points of interest.
Terraces do require high capital investments, however.
Terraces form where hot springs seep out along a hill slope.
Terraces have (part) bases.
Terraces have (part) sections.
Terraces intercept runoff.
Terraces is a smoke-free lounge.
Terraces kill the innocent.
Terraces prevent erosion by shortening the long slope into a series of shorter more level steps.
Terraces prevent erosion by shortening the long slope into a series of shorter, more level steps.
Terraces represent major changes in sediment budget and river behavior.
Terraces Sealing on the terraces is extended under the flower planters.
Terraces tend to form and different vegetation is found on successively higher terraces.
Terraces work on the same principal, they hold water in place rather than encouraging water erosion.
Many terraces are visible.
Most terraces attract birds.
Terraced beds are a good solution for sloped areas which are difficult to mow.
Terraced decks can take the best advantage of the lay of the land.
Terraced gardens provide the perfect picnic spot for hungry travelers.
A terraced house is a town house
Terraced houses are connected houses.
Terrain advantages can allow phalanx to destroy tanks.
Terrain features are as realistic as looking across the actual Iraqi desert.
Terrain features are objects that define different pieces of terrain on the board.
Many terrain features are visible including active faults, volcanoes and glacial deposits.
Terrain generation is just a methodology.
Terrain masking is the most effective method available to counter particle beam weapons.
Terrain models can obtain geometric attributes such as area, slope and runoff distances.
Terrain models require the unit to maintain a number of materials for their construction.
Terrain Park is open.
Terrain Park offers more than a mile of downhill fun with numerous hits, spines, and tabletops.
Terrain parks are expanding, the feeling being that bigger is better.
Terrain parks are now the rule at ski areas.
A terrain is a tract
Terrain affects combat by halving or quartering attackers in certain situations.
Terrain affects how far a unit can move, and so do enemy units.
Terrain affects surface water flow and distribution .
Terrain affects surface water flow and distribution.
Terrain comes into play when tracking from the ground.
Terrain consists of an incline at the start, a one-mile climb and rolling terrain.
Terrain consists of high plateau, mountains, and dry lowland plains.
Terrain doubles defense.
Terrain enhances terrain awareness when flying in the reduced visibility conditions or at night.
Terrain feature shapes and surfaces change with the weather and use.
Terrain following is used to move realistically over the landscape.
Terrain impacts line of sight, movement, and combat.
Terrain influences both sight and range in our design.
Terrain influences the accurate judgement of distance.
Terrain isa tract.
Terrain looks good from high alt or low.
Terrain looks good, everything else needs help.
Terrain lying south through west offers limited protection.
Terrain masking against the user's radar is modelled.
Terrain overlays for a more diverse playing area.
Terrain plays a very significant role in precipitation distribution.
Terrain plays no role in combat.
Terrain presents tactical challenges for the player and technical challenges for the designer.
Terrain ranges from gently rolling to screaming hills.
Terrain ranges from impossible steeps to flat ground riding.
Terrain ranges from mild jeep roads to technical single tracks.
Terrain ranges from ridge top to sloping.
Terrain ranges from rolling to hilly with a few monster hills thrown in for the challenge.
Terrain ranges from steep mountains including Maine's highest, Mt.
Terrain ranges from street to dirt, to monstrous vert, and much more.
Terrain rendering is also exceptional.
Terrain Starts out flat, then undulating country lanes.
Terrain starts to become really abstract at that scale.
Terrain strives to be both a resource and a pleasure, a compass and a shelter.
Terrain varies greatly.
Terrains are tracts.
Terrains are very well detailed.
Terrains have ravines.
Terrains have water.
Terrains include dirt trails.
Terrains include features.
Terrains include geographical features.
Terrains include trails.
All terrain is crossed as if by road.
All terrain is now more varied.
All terrain is open.
Most terrains have ravines.
Most terrains have water.
Some terrain is more valuable and critical than other terrain.
Some terrain is tough so good physical shape is advised.
Some terrains are covered by maps.
Some terrains consist of mountains.
Some terrains consist of slopes.
Some terrains cover with snow.
Some terrains range from mountains.
Terrapin Park has nature trails, a fishing pond and picnic areas.
A terrapin is a turtle
Terrapin is an Algonquian Indian word for edible turtles that live in fresh or brackish water.
Terrapin is out of business.
Terrapin is well known for bespoke triathlon wetsuits.
Terrapin isa turtle.
Terrapins also become trapped and then drown in submerged crab and lobster pots.
Terrapins also eat carrion, fish, marine worms and insects.
Terrapins also enjoy the taste of water snails and earthworms.
Terrapins appear to stay close to the beaches and waterways where they are hatched.
Terrapins are a small breed of turtle native to the southeastern region of the United States.
Terrapins are attracted by the same bait used to lure blue crabs to crab pots.
Terrapins are attracted to the same bait used to lure blue crabs.
Terrapins are cold-blooded like their Chelonian cousins the turtle and tortoise.
Terrapins are cold-blooded or ectothermic.
Terrapins are creatures fall in between.
Terrapins are different from turtles because they are edible.
Terrapins are easy to handle, since they tend to pull into their shells.
Terrapins are freshwater turtles.
Terrapins are gray-brown in color with diamond shaped or elongated hexagon markings on their shell.
Terrapins are highly variable in color.
Terrapins are messy.
Terrapins are more active during high tide, or when the marsh is often flooded.
Terrapins are omnivores.
Terrapins are reptiles, as are all turtles.
Terrapins are small, aquatic turtles and are often kept as pets.
Terrapins are turtles.
Terrapins are unable to regulate body temperature in the wild and rely on heat from the sun.
Terrapins are weapons.
Terrapins breathe air and can drown in a few hours.
Terrapins can breath quite freely when on land, or in the water.
Terrapins can crush mollusk shells due to the bony plates of their upper and lower jaw.
Terrapins consume fish.
Terrapins consume food.
Terrapins do bite and their bites are hard and sometimes warrant medical attention.
Terrapins drown in crab pots where they are lured by the bait meant for blue crabs.
Terrapins eat diets.
Terrapins eat food.
Terrapins eat mollusks.
Terrapins eat plants.
Terrapins enjoy food.
Terrapins go after the crab bait, get stuck in the pots and drown.
Terrapins grow to be quite large.
Terrapins have (part) brains.
Terrapins have (part) breasts.
Terrapins have (part) carapaces.
Terrapins have (part) cell membranes.
Terrapins have (part) cells.
Terrapins have (part) chest cavities.
Terrapins have (part) chests.
Terrapins have (part) corpi.
Terrapins have (part) cytoplasm.
Terrapins have (part) ears.
Terrapins have (part) faces.
Terrapins have (part) heads.
Terrapins have (part) nuclei.
Terrapins have (part) pedal extremities.
Terrapins have (part) plasma membranes.
Terrapins have (part) rib cages.
Terrapins have (part) sections.
Terrapins have (part) shells.
Terrapins have (part) skulls.
Terrapins have (part) sterna.
Terrapins have (part) vacuoles.
Terrapins have (part) vertebrate feet.
Terrapins have a reputation for being somewhat aggressive.
Terrapins have feet.
Terrapins have heads.
Terrapins have large web feet.
Terrapins have problems.
Terrapins have shells.
Terrapins have temperature.
Terrapins have the talent to reach the Final Four.
Terrapins inhabit water.
Terrapins land two middle hitters and a setter.
Terrapins live in creeks.
Terrapins live in places like Asia, Africa and India.
Terrapins lose weight.
Terrapins mainly stay in the water though they can be spotted basking along marsh banks.
Terrapins mostly catch their food in the water.
Terrapins reproduce using sexual reproduction.
Terrapins use different habitats.
Terrapins use habitats.
Most terrapins consume fish.
Most terrapins consume food.
Most terrapins eat diets.
Most terrapins eat food.
Most terrapins eat mollusks.
Most terrapins eat plants.
Most terrapins enjoy food.
Most terrapins have feet.
Most terrapins have heads.
Most terrapins have large web feet.
Most terrapins have problems.
Most terrapins have shells.
Most terrapins have temperature.
Most terrapins live in creeks.
Most terrapins lose weight.
Most terrapins use different habitats.
Most terrapins use habitats.
Some terrapins also eat young plant shoots and others eat worms.
Some terrapins are killed by motor vehicles.
Some terrapins are killed by terrapins.
Some terrapins are killed by vehicles.
Some terrapins belong to families.
Some terrapins consume aquatic plants.
Some terrapins consume plants.
Some terrapins cross roads.
Some terrapins develop infection.
Some terrapins develop mouth infection.
Some terrapins eat snails.
Some terrapins enter hibernation.
Some terrapins enter roadways.
Some terrapins feed on mollusks.
Some terrapins go into hibernation.
Some terrapins have determination.
Some terrapins have temperature sex determination.
Some terrapins have vitamins.
Some terrapins inhabit habitats.
Some terrapins inhabit saltwater habitats.
Some terrapins invade runways.
Some terrapins move into regions.
Some terrapins reach ages.
Some terrapins reach maturity.
Some terrapins reach sexual maturity.
A terrarium is a vivarium
Terrarium is closed in a house with central air.
Terrarium is open for snake and lizard-lovers the whole year round.
Terrariums are easy to make, and easy to take care of.
Terrariums are great for people on the go because they are so easy to maintain.
Terrariums are usually glass like a fish tank, and enclosed on top.
Terrariums are video games.
Terrariums are vivariums.
Terrariums can be open at the top, or fully enclosed.
Terrariums display insects in their native habitat.
Terrariums give shelter to the plants, and the plants give life to the terrariums.
Terrariums have additional problems.
Terrariums make an excellent gift for people with small children or pets.
Terrariums require a minimum of care if they are kept sealed.
Terrascene areas are beautiful and terrain's much more varied, however, the world seems so barren.
Terrazzo workers enhance walkways by mixing rock chips or other items in the fresh cement.
Terrestial interference is also a concern for satellite downlink points.
All terrestrial activities are subject to geographic analysis.
Terrestrial adults feed on terrestrial invertebrates.
Terrestrial amphibians are generally nocturnal, with the exception of some species of anurans.
Terrestrial amphibians have sticky tongues.
Terrestrial amphibians have tongues.
Terrestrial amphibians pass through a stage that resembles aquatic larvae while still in the egg.
Most terrestrial amphibians have sticky tongues.
Most terrestrial amphibians have tongues.
Terrestrial amphipods live only in moist places, on beaches or under leaf litter in forests.
Terrestrial animals are present in the fossil record also.
Terrestrial animals become prey.
Terrestrial animals cope with conditions.
Terrestrial animals cope with dry conditions.
Terrestrial animals develop lungs.
Terrestrial animals eat meat.
Terrestrial animals excrete waste.
Terrestrial animals have a different way of ridding their bodies of excess nitrogen.
Terrestrial animals have lungs.
Terrestrial animals have many adaptations to conserve water and regulate ion composition.
Terrestrial animals have organs.
Terrestrial animals have special organs for taking in oxygen from the atmosphere.
Terrestrial animals have special organs.
Terrestrial animals inhabit areas.
Terrestrial animals inhabit shallow areas.
Terrestrial animals inhabit shallow water areas.
Terrestrial animals live in atmospheres.
Terrestrial animals make life.
Terrestrial animals obtain water by drinking, or with their food, or as a product of metabolism.
Terrestrial animals perform functions.
Terrestrial animals tend to have body shapes that are adapted to deal with gravity.
Terrestrial animals use limbs.
Terrestrial animals use methods.
Most terrestrial animals become prey.
Most terrestrial animals cope with conditions.
Most terrestrial animals cope with dry conditions.
Most terrestrial animals develop lungs.
Most terrestrial animals dissipate excess heat by a. countercurrent exchange.
Most terrestrial animals dissipate excess heat by countercurrent exchange.
Most terrestrial animals do seek shelter.
Most terrestrial animals eat meat.
Most terrestrial animals excrete waste.
Most terrestrial animals have body coverings that help prevent dehydration.
Most terrestrial animals have lungs.
Most terrestrial animals have organs.
Most terrestrial animals have special organs.
Most terrestrial animals inhabit areas.
Most terrestrial animals inhabit shallow areas.
Most terrestrial animals inhabit shallow water areas.
Most terrestrial animals live in atmospheres.
Most terrestrial animals make life.
Most terrestrial animals perform functions.
Most terrestrial animals use limbs.
Most terrestrial animals use methods.
Some terrestrial animals display locomotion.
Some terrestrial animals lose water.
Some terrestrial animals return to sea.
Terrestrial annelids can be invasive in some situations.
Most terrestrial anurans have rough skin on the belly and the thighs.
Terrestrial arthropods have an excretory system that conserves water and eliminates waste.
Terrestrial arthropods have internal surfaces that are specialized for gas exchange, via air sacs.
Terrestrial arthropods have structures.
Most terrestrial arthropods have structures.
Some terrestrial arthropods excrete waste.
Some terrestrial arthropods have tubules.
Some terrestrial arthropods possess tracheae.
Some terrestrial bacteria can grow in simulated Martian environment .
Terrestrial biologists study organisms that live on land, including plants and microbes.
Terrestrial biomes are classified by climatic factors and types of primary .
Terrestrial biomes are determined primarily by climate, especially temperature and rainfall.
Terrestrial biomes can change over short distances in mountainous regions.
Terrestrial biomes have well-defined boundaries.
Terrestrial broadcasters have high hopes for datacasting services.
Terrestrial browsers nip foliage from trees and shrubs.
Terrestrial burrows are dug in which to sleep inside during the day.
Terrestrial calderas are usually only several kilometers in diameter.
Terrestrial cameras provide views of nesting bald eagles.
Terrestrial clouds come in diverse forms.
Terrestrial communities are equally diverse and range from old field through oak-hickory forest.
Terrestrial courtship affects mating location in Ambystoma opacum .
Terrestrial creatures have air.
Most terrestrial creatures have air.
Some terrestrial creatures have mandibles.
Some terrestrial currents are beneficial and promote health in plants, animals and humans.
Terrestrial ecosystems are an important part of the climate system.
Terrestrial ecosystems are classified by the type of land or terrestrial area.
Terrestrial ecosystems are classified into several types.
Terrestrial ecosystems are subject to similarly adverse impacts from eutrophication.
Terrestrial ecosystems are very complex, and research has only been able to cover a few aspects.
Terrestrial ecosystems draw carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and use it in photosynthesis.
All terrestrial ecosystems are, therefore, relatively young in the Bahamas.
Most terrestrial ecosystems are N-limited.
Many terrestrial ectotherms are poikilothermic.
Most terrestrial ectotherms experience diurnal and seasonal variation in temperature.
Terrestrial features can influence pollution deposition indirectly.
Some terrestrial ferns find in rainforests.
Some terrestrial ferns find in tropical rainforests.
Terrestrial flatworms are predators, and locate their prey through a process called chemosensation.
Terrestrial flatworms are prone to desiccation so they are restricted to damp habitats.
Terrestrial food has carbon.
Most terrestrial food has carbon.
Terrestrial forms are often plant pathogens.
Terrestrial forms excrete nitrogen as uric acid , as do birds.
Terrestrial forms excrete nitrogen as uric acid, as do birds.
Terrestrial forms live in burrows.
Terrestrial forms live in moist soil and damp areas.
Terrestrial forms move around by crawling and tend to be found in cool, moist places.
Terrestrial forms rely on diffusion through tiny tubes called trachea .
Terrestrial forms rely on diffusion through tiny tubes called trachea.
Some terrestrial forms are very elongate, and appear more ribbon-like than oval.
Many terrestrial frogs take shelter in the leaf litter of the forest floor.
Terrestrial gastropod mollusks have shells.
Most terrestrial gastropods are hermaphrodites.
Some terrestrial gastropods conserve water.
Some terrestrial genus has life.
Some terrestrial genus occurs in coastal localities.
Some terrestrial genus occurs in localities.
Terrestrial government is a hollow shell game.
Terrestrial habitat includes forests, grasslands, deserts, mountains and polar regions.
Some terrestrial habitats range from freshwater ponds.
Some terrestrial habitats range from ponds.
Terrestrial heat flow Geothermal energy in the southeastern United States .
Terrestrial heat flows in Colombia.
Terrestrial individuals are primarily diurnal.
Terrestrial individuals are relatively inactive in subterranean refuges most of the year.
Terrestrial insects are land-bred.
Some terrestrial insects use tubules.
Some terrestrial invasions take places.
Most terrestrial invertebrates are restricted to the sub-Antarctic islands.
Terrestrial isopods are crustaceans that have adapted to living life on land.
Terrestrial isopods have some requirements left over from their aquatic, crustacean ancestry.
Terrestrial life is based on the chemistry of carbon moderated by liquid water.
Terrestrial life is concentrated in areas near the coast.
Terrestrial life is entirely DNA based.
Terrestrial mail comes a very distant third.
Terrestrial mammals can walk, run, dig, climb, swim, or fly to new areas.
Terrestrial mammals have hair that covers their bodies.
Terrestrial mammals live in environments.
Terrestrial mammals produce concentrate urine.
Terrestrial mammals produce urine.
Terrestrial mammals show differences.
Most terrestrial mammals are susceptible to rabies virus infection.
Most terrestrial mammals live in environments.
Most terrestrial mammals produce concentrate urine.
Most terrestrial mammals produce urine.
Most terrestrial mammals show differences.
Some terrestrial mammals live in areas.
Some terrestrial mammals live in burrows.
Some terrestrial mammals prey on birds.
Some terrestrial mammals prey on flightless birds.
Some terrestrial mammals use echolocation.
Terrestrial mollusks have shells.
Most terrestrial mollusks have shells.
Some terrestrial mollusks develop cavities.
Terrestrial objects radiate in the infrared part of the spectrum.
All terrestrial objects suffer energy loss.
Terrestrial observations are also amusing.
Terrestrial orchids get nutrients.
Terrestrial orchids get their nutrients in a way similar to that of any other plant.
Terrestrial orchids grow in the organically rich soils of the forest floor.
Terrestrial orchids grow on the ground, and are more hardy than warmth-loving epiphytic orchids.
Terrestrial orchids grow on the ground, with their roots in the topmost layer of humus.
Terrestrial orchids have requirements.
Terrestrial orchids have specific requirements.
Terrestrial orchids have specific soil requirements.
Terrestrial orchids predominate in temperate habitats, epiphytes in tropical habitats.
Terrestrial orchids thrive in a rich, organic medium that drains well.
Many terrestrial orchids have tuber-like roots which store water.
Most terrestrial orchids get nutrients.
Most terrestrial orchids have requirements.
Most terrestrial orchids have specific requirements.
Most terrestrial orchids have specific soil requirements.
Some terrestrial orchids live in grass fields and clearings in or next to forests.
Terrestrial organisms appear less sensitive to acrolein than aquatic organisms.
Terrestrial organisms are dominated by large, slow growing, long-lived immobile plants.
Terrestrial organisms are less likely to be fossilized.
Terrestrial organisms have the problem of locating and retaining water.
Terrestrial organisms live in environments.
Most terrestrial organisms live in environments.
A terrestrial planet is a planet
Terrestrial planets are built from heavier elements such as silicon, iron and magnesium.
Terrestrial planets are more rocky.
Terrestrial planets are planets.
Terrestrial planets are rough-surfaced, and most planets are at least slightly oblate.
Terrestrial planets are smaller than Jovian planets.
Terrestrial planets have iron cores and rocky surfaces.
Terrestrial planets lose whatever hydrogen and helium they have.
All terrestrial planets are different when it comes to their interaction with the solar wind.
All terrestrial planets are thought to have had a similar process in their early histories.
All terrestrial planets show evidence of volcanism, though manifestation is different.
Terrestrial plants are obvious members of our communities.
Terrestrial plants excrete into the soil.
Terrestrial plants grow best in disturbed places with fertile soils and minimal competition.
Terrestrial plants have stomata on the surface of their leaves.
Terrestrial plants share features.
All terrestrial plants produce spore, but only a few produce seeds.
Most terrestrial plants enter into biocoenosis with funghi.
Some terrestrial plants grow on trunks.
Some terrestrial plants seem to be more sensitive than others.
Terrestrial porcupines are found in the warmer regions of Africa, Asia, and Europe.
Terrestrial radiation is a term used to describe infrared radiation emitted from the atmosphere.
Terrestrial radiation is a term used to describe infrared radiation emitted from the earth.
Terrestrial radiation is emitted at much longer wavelengths than solar radiation.
Terrestrial radiation varies daily, seasonally, and geographically.
Terrestrial radio lives in fear of being wrong.
Terrestrial reptiles are ectotherms.
Terrestrial reptiles excrete waste.
Terrestrial reptiles keep their body temperature stable by absorbing solar radiation during the day.
Most terrestrial reptiles excrete waste.
Some terrestrial reptiles conserve water.
Some terrestrial reptiles have acid.
Terrestrial rocks can often look like some meteorites.
Some terrestrial runoff affects primary production.
Some terrestrial runoff affects production.
Terrestrial salamanders are active and migrate on moist, cool nights.
Terrestrial salamanders are obligate forest dwellers.
Terrestrial salamanders have lungs.
Terrestrial salamanders live in habitats.
Many terrestrial salamanders breathe oxygen via a set of regular, internal lungs.
Most terrestrial salamanders are inactive during cold weather, and some hibernate.
Most terrestrial salamanders have lungs.
Most terrestrial salamanders live in habitats.
Some terrestrial salamanders migrate to breed ponds.
Some terrestrial salamanders migrate to ponds.
Terrestrial samples are massive and appear as small flakes and irregular masses.
Terrestrial satellites obtain data about the Earth's land surface.
Terrestrial sediments are to the southeast, and marine to the north.
All terrestrial segments are within short travel times of maintenance facilities.
Terrestrial shrews have acute senses of hearing , smell, and touch.
Terrestrial sinks are by no means constant.
Terrestrial sinks refer to carbon absorption outside of intentional human action.
Terrestrial snails develop ability.
Terrestrial snails excrete urea.
Terrestrial snails have gas exchange structures.
Terrestrial snails have structures.
Terrestrial snails live in in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, North America and South America.
Most terrestrial snails develop ability.
Most terrestrial snails excrete urea.
Most terrestrial snails have gas exchange structures.
Most terrestrial snails have structures.
Some terrestrial snails have lungs.
Some terrestrial snails live in habitats.
Some terrestrial snakes have differences.
Some terrestrial snakes have significant differences.
Some terrestrial snakes inhabit wood.
Terrestrial solutions are limited to transmitting files from one point to another.
Terrestrial species are adapted to survive extreme conditions .
Terrestrial species are adapted to survive extreme conditions.
Terrestrial species are already there.
Terrestrial species are very easy to grow.
Many terrestrial species feed on plant roots, penetrating the cells and sucking out the contents.
Most terrestrial species feed upon plant tissue, many upon seeds and fruit.
Some terrestrial species lack both lungs and gills and perform gas exchange through their skin .
Some terrestrial species lack both lungs and gills and perform gas exchange through their skin.
Some terrestrial species lack lungs and breathe exclusively through their skin or oral cavity.
Terrestrial systems have economics that are a function of density.
Terrestrial systems have grasslands, forests, and other familiar ecosystems.
Terrestrial systems obtain nutrients from either the soil or from atmospheric deposition.
Terrestrial tardigrades become active only when surrounded and rehydrated by water.
Terrestrial tardigrades require a film of water around the body to conduct an active life.
Terrestrial telescopes have an optical system to erect the image.
Some terrestrial telescopes have designs.
Some terrestrial tongues are almost impossible to learn without long experience.
Terrestrial transmission Describe the characteristics of terrestrial radio transmission.
Terrestrial turtles eat flowers.
Terrestrial turtles live in areas.
Terrestrial turtles need humidity.
Terrestrial turtles need lower humidity.
Terrestrial turtles tend to eat insects and plants, especially mushrooms and berries.
Most terrestrial turtles are herbivores.
Most terrestrial turtles eat flowers.
Most terrestrial turtles live in areas.
Terrestrial types have a more enlarged hindgut compared to fish.
Terrestrial types rooted in soil require a well-drained, finer textured growth medium.
Some terrestrial vegetation grows on the shore as the water recedes in the summer.
Terrestrial vertebrates develop lungs.
Terrestrial vertebrates have a worldwide distribution.
Terrestrial vertebrates have distribution.
Terrestrial vertebrates have worldwide distribution.
Most terrestrial vertebrates develop lungs.
Most terrestrial vertebrates have an embryological development based on the five-fingered hand.
Most terrestrial vertebrates have distribution.
Most terrestrial vertebrates have worldwide distribution.
Most terrestrial vertebrates localize a sound source by comparing information encoded by two ears.
Some terrestrial vertebrates retain body fluid.
Some terrestrial vertebrates retain fluid.
Terrible administration work there.
Terrible animal furs too and a rusty tub.
Terrible beasts lurk at every step, and friendly town folk look for profit with every smile.
Terrible brawls break out over drug deals gone wrong.
Many terrible choices await the light of our decisions.
Terrible content kills new movie .
Terrible credit means currently in foreclosure, discharged from bankruptcy within last year.
Terrible deaths expose a 'profoundly evil trade' .
Terrible decisions have to be made in the context of international law.
Terrible diets contain meat.
Most terrible diets contain meat.
Terrible diseases spread rapidly.
Terrible judgments fall on the earth.
Terrible power brings terrible temptations.
Terrible stories come from Kosovo.
Terrible things can begin to be experienced as a part of demonic influence and harassment.
Terrible things go on all over the world.
Terrible things happen .
Terrible things happen but people survive without becoming cruel to others.
Terrible things happen every day.
Terrible things happen in war.
Terrible things happen to all kinds of people.
Terrible things happen to good people.
Terrible things happen to innocent people.
Terrible things happen to really good people.
Terrible things happen to women living alone who leave their doors or windows unlocked.
Terrible things happen to women, and children and men, every day.
Terrible things happen when they get tired.
Terrible things happen.
Terrible things including death can result from malathion toxicity.
Terrible things result from chronic unemployment.
Terrible things seem to be constantly happening.
Some terrible things happen occasionally - just as they do in the U.S. and Canada.
Terrible times lie just ahead for Israel, and for the world.
Terrible weapons remain at the ready.
A terrier is a dog
Terrier comes from the word terra in Latin.
Terrier swallows hard and asks what happened next.
Terriers are dogs.
Terriers are energetic hunters, very attracted to small animals.
Terriers are nearly impossible to train to leave small animals alone.
Terriers are our passion.
Terriers are the rodent-catchers of the canine world.
Terriers are tough dogs and tend to be quite self-willed.
Terriers are used to find the den or living space of the animal .
Terriers are used to find the den or living space of the animal.
Terriers desire digs.
Terriers dig underground after their quarry while herding breeds chase cows and sheep.
Terriers get the idea that digging is nifty.
Terriers go to ground and hunt trial their same top dogs.
Terriers hate to be submissive and they are good actors.
Terriers have a mind of their own.
Terriers have high prey and re-directed aggression, especially pit bulls.
Terriers require lightening-quick responses.
Terriers tend to be tenacious and in the wrong hands can be trouble.
Terriers typically have little tolerance for other animals, including other dogs.
Terriers Welcome to our cyber home.
All terriers are dogs.
All terriers are mammals.
All terriers require a commitment to training and discipline.
Many terriers have a tendency towards food allergies.
Most terriers have strong instincts to chase and seize small fleeing creatures.
Some terriers require what is referred to as 'hand striping' to keep their coats looking good.
Terrific actors keep emerging from the wings, making deep impressions.
Terrific art is the easy part.
Terrific beginners guide to understanding meditation and it's virtues.
Terrific clients respect people who are highly skilled at their professions.
Terrific family ride with many picknicking, hiking and photo opportunities.
Terrific family ride with many picnicking, hiking and photo opportunities.
Many terrific fights go unreported.
Terrific finesse is involved.
Terrific graphics make it slow loading.
Terrific match loses.
Terrific mountains rim the world.
Some terrific poetry is here and some really good links.
Terrific raffle prizes.
Some terrific references explain observations.
Terrific restaurants meet their dining needs.
Terrific site exists solely to help golfers improve their game.
Terrific trolls try to truck tangerines to Taiwan.
Terrified kids make poor patients.
Terrified lenders are afraid of pushing the issue too far.
Many terrified locals continue to stay off the streets.
Terrified parents run into the water, pulling their children out as fast as possible.
Terrified residents call police.
Terrified residents flee homes.
Terrified sailors flee.
Terrifying creatures multiply almost as fast as good ones.
Terrifying things begin to happen when two curious boys stumble onto the stranger barker's secret.
Terrifying thoughts spin out of control, and logic takes a back seat.
Most terrigenous particles originate from bedrock.
Terrine is a dish
Terrine is also the French term, the name of an earthenware dish and the food cooked in it.
Territorial activity seems limited to defending a receptive doe from other bucks.
Any territorial adjustments can only occur if the people of that territory agree to the adjustments.
Territorial adobe combines comfort and elegance with a sense of history.
Territorial affiliation seems to provide educational benefits as well.
Territorial aggression increases with reproductive activity.
Territorial aggression is often proportional to territory quality.
Territorial aggressiveness consists of vocal and physical display in males.
Territorial animals learn their neighbors and the borders of the territory.
Many territorial animals use their own scent to mark their territories.
Territorial assignments pertain only to regular inspection activities.
Territorial behavior arises when benefits are greater than the costs.
Territorial behavior is almost nonexistent even during the breeding season.
Territorial behavior offers several advantages to the territorial animal.
Territorial behavior provides the following two benefits to a group.
Territorial behaviors can start way before trainers get close to the bird.
Territorial behaviors range from scent marking to outright attacks on intruders.
Territorial behaviour is exhibited by a number of hollow-dependent species.
Territorial boundaries have no importance in our eyes.
Territorial bulls are far more aggressive to foreign bulls than to resident satellite bulls.
Territorial calls are series of short clear notes .
All territorial claims have to cease.
Territorial compromise is also possible on the Golan Heights.
Territorial compromise is possible.
Territorial conflicts turn fatal.
Territorial defence declines dramatically when food is abundant.
Territorial defence is indicated in the invaded rodent community in the current study.
Territorial defense is accomplished by posturing and physical combat.
Territorial defense relies mainly on singing and occasionally agressive behavior toward other males.
Territorial disputes are settled by kicking and chasing.
Territorial disputes create havoc and threaten peace and stability in different countries.
Territorial disputes lead to aggressive postures such as stares, pointing and even charging.
Territorial disputes lead to several minor armed clashes.
Territorial disputes remain unresolved with Romania.
Territorial expansion is no longer the motivating factor for war.
Territorial expertise is concentrated in South Carolina.
Territorial feelings are easy to anticipate.
Territorial fish require a larger tank as they chase intruders out of their claimed territory.
Territorial groups consist of one supermale or terminal male and one to three females.
Territorial imperatives are out of place in such an insular region.
Territorial instincts are retained during nesting season.
Territorial integrity can be an illusive thing when defined by government.
Territorial integrity is a most important element of due episcopal order and collegiality.
Territorial integrity is nonnegotiable.
Territorial issues is also a concern.
Territorial jealousy has no place in a polyamorous agreement.
Territorial lures are a lot like scents.
Territorial males are dominant and occupy the prime grazing areas along with the female groups.
Territorial males are much more tolerant of other males than the males of other species.
Territorial males are the most dominant.
Territorial males live rather far apart in the wild and remain very static.
Territorial males mark their territory with dung deposits in extreme crouch defecation.
Territorial males sniff the female's genitalia.
Some territorial males have as few as one or two females.
Some territorial males tolerate adult males on their property as long as they behave submissively.
Territorial maps can be very revealing and are one way of examining the history of an area.
Most territorial marking is thought to be done by males.
Territorial material is in the most demand and is quite scarce after the half dozen largest cities.
Territorial material is much cheaper and much more available.
Territorial protection is territorial restriction.
Territorial rating is a proven method of equitably pricing insurance.
Territorial rights are anticompetitive and bad for both writers and readers.
Territorial seas are different.
Territorial waters are the most important maritime zone.
A territoriality is behaviour
Territorialities are behavior.
Territoriality affords the gibbon group a.o.
Territoriality also damages firm morale.
Territoriality also presents an interesting paradox.
Territoriality also varies among cheetahs.
Territoriality appears to place a limit on the number of breeding pairs in a given area.
Territoriality is a concept which is virtually impossible to determine in the computer context.
Territoriality is a principle by which members of a community are to be defined.
Territoriality is a vital aspect of identity and of self-determination for Indigenous peoples.
Territoriality is an advantage since it is largely the territorial males which end up mating.
Territoriality is an imperative for man as it is for all other mammals.
Territoriality is an issue.
Territoriality is broken down and schooling is more common.
Territoriality is central to understanding the future America.
Territoriality is common among animals in both ecosystem types.
Territoriality is often most strong towards conspecifics , as shown in the case of redlip blenny .
Territoriality is one of their most important aspects.
Territoriality is proper to practically all life forms.
Territoriality is the opposite of integration.
Territoriality raises especially when there are more males than females in a tank.
Territoriality varies temporally.
Territory government has functions.
Most territory government has functions.
Territories also seem to create more social stimulation between the pair members.
Territories are a pre-requisite for mating.
Territories are available throughout the United States and Canada.
Territories are available throughout the United States.
Territories are available.
Territories are defended by the rubbing of the rump oil gland against rocks, tree trunks and stumps.
Territories are dependent on the size of the dragon.
Territories are established by adult females during the summer.
Territories are established prior to nesting and are maintained throughout brood rearing.
Territories are going fast on a first come, first serve basis.
Territories are in Essex and Morris counties.
Territories are inherited by females.
Territories are large and encompass watersheds.
Territories are limited by the availability of the male for territory defense.
Territories are linear, extending along a watercourse.
Territories are maintained year round.
Territories are marckd off with urine and proclaimed with roars.
Territories are marked with secretions from anal scent glands and urine.
Territories are now available in every country of the world.
Territories are of two kinds, breeding and nonbreeding.
Territories are often exclusive, defended by the residents against other animals of their own kind.
Territories are scent marked with urine, feces, and head rubbing.
Territories are scented marked with urine, feces, and head rubbing.
Territories are shared to form larger hunting packs when sizable prey is sought.
Territories are smaller in habitat with abundant food.
Territories are still availble.
Territories are well defended and some form of scent marking including a waxy deposit is used.
Territories belong to nationalities who have managerial rights.
Territories can be linear.
Territories exist only when and where females are present.
Territories expand and contract.
Territories generally provide greater pro- tection than do home ranges.
Territories have no matching requirements.
Territories nationwide are available.
Territories range from Atlanta north through Chattanooga.
Territories range in size from just one large town to a dozen or more smaller communities.
Territories receive smaller amounts.
Territories run hot and cold, distributors run hot and cold.
Territory becomes an almost meaningless term when applied to Internet distribution.
Territory becomes experience.
Territory becomes part of annexing county.
Territory begins to attract multitude of settlers.
Territory being defined as the world and all of it s satellites.
Territory consists of plants.
Territory contains excellent prospects.
Territory contains resources.
Territory contains water.
Territory covered includes the lower half of Western Australia and the Northern Territory.
Territory covers areas.
Territory covers large areas.
Territory covers large enough areas.
Territory covers Southeast.
Territory displays a map of our service area.
Territory enhances an animal's prestige and improves chances for survival.
Territory has best resources.
Territory has features.
Territory has resources.
Territory has topographic features.
Territory have Internet access at home.
Territory includes accounts in Indianapolis and Central Indiana.
Territory includes all of south Texas.
Territory includes all states east of the Mississippi River.
Territory includes California, Hawaii, the Pacific, and East Asia.
Territory includes Delaware, Maryland, Washington D.C. and Virginia.
Territory includes eastern states, primarily in the NY and NJ area.
Territory includes Eastern United States, Canada, and Australia.
Territory includes Florida, Georgia, and Alabama.
Territory includes northern Idaho, Washington, Oregon, and Alaska.
Territory includes northern Illinois and Iowa.
Territory includes Oregon, Washington, Montana, Idaho and Utah.
Territory includes Southern California and Clark County, Nevada.
Territory includes the UK, France, Italy, Portugal, and Spain.
Territory includes the upper peninsula of Michigan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota.
Territory is a construct dependant upon the people who mark it, maintain it, and defend it by force.
Territory is a good name for it.
Territory is a life and death matter among females, however.
Territory is a region
Territory is acquired by force and defended.
Territory is also a very big fish fight causer.
Territory is an unsteady guide to the contemporary link between culture and locale.
Territory is areas.
Territory is but the body of a nation.
Territory is considered occupied when it is actually placed under the authority of the hostile army.
Territory is defended with loud drumming and ringing calls.
Territory is defended.
Territory is defined, and boundaries are inviolable.
Territory is down.
Territory is established and defended chiefly by song.
Territory is extended, in later life, to other goals.
Territory is important.
Territory is just an excuse.
Territory is marked by urinating in powerful, backward jets.
Territory is marked by urinating on rocks or trees telling others to stay away.
Territory is marked off by using a sticky yellow excretion from the anal glands, known as pasting.
Territory is marked using faces and urine.
Territory is marked with scent from anal glands and dung.
Territory is monochrome surrounded empty board points plus removed opponent's stones.
Territory is occupied by mammals.
Territory is occupied by placental mammals.
Territory is on the peninsula.
Territory is probably the most important factor to stimulate a spawning.
Territory is southwest and central Ohio.
Territory is taken, lost, retaken and lost again over a period of six hundred years.
Territory is taken.
Territory is the heart of Russia.
Territory is the Western United States.
Territory is very important concern for the Galapagos Marine Iguana.
Territory isa location.
Territory offers protection.
Territory outside is a good thing.
Territory plays a big role in survival and species fight in order to gain more territorial space.
Territory plays an important role in tribal views of spiritual warfare.
Territory previously allocated is no longer sufficient to sustain some traditional tribes.
Territory probably equals home range.
Territory provides food.
Territory provides for the preservation of culture, spiritual values and even physical being.
Territory varies by product line.
Territories often overlap, and several males often share a common water hole.
Territories often overlap, perhaps because of the feeding grounds that neighboring robins share.
Territories usually contain some water.
All territories are exclusive and protected.
All territories are open.
All territories have reductions for liability coverage.
All territory lying outside urban areas is considered rural.
Any territory can build a sword smith if the castle is upgraded enough.
Every territory has resources unique to that particular environment.
Many territories are available.
Many territories continue to be so invaded.
More territory means more help is needed.
Most territories now have national commercial channels as well as multichannel services.
Most territory consists of plants.
Most territory contains resources.
Most territory contains water.
Most territory covers areas.
Most territory covers large areas.
Most territory covers large enough areas.
Most territory has best resources.
Most territory has resources.
Most territory has topographic features.
Most territory is occupied by mammals.
Most territory is occupied by placental mammals.
Most territory offers protection.
Most territory provides food.
Some territories are partly or mostly aquatic.
Some territories have much higher yield than others.
Some territory becomes zones.
Some territory encompasses shorelines.
Some territory has connotations.
Some territory has dens.
Some territory has habitats.
Some territory has many drawbacks.
Some territory has performance.
Some territory has poor performance.
Some territory has production.
Some territory includes burrows.
Some territory includes creeks.
Some territory includes dead trees.
Some territory includes patches.
Some territory includes stand dead trees.
Some territory includes trees.
Some territory is near roads.
Some territory is occupied by cougars.
Some territory is occupied by ocelots.
Some territory is occupied by wolves.
Some territory marks tops.
Terror bombing is literally an everyday occurrence in Sudan.
Terror accomplishes no real obedience.
Terror alone seems to shape otherwise shapeless lives.
Terror builds as the film progresses.
Terror builds suddenly, inexplicably, the bells throughout Scrooge's house start clanging.
Terror can certainly mean chaos, degeneracy.
Terror can come in many guises and without reason.
Terror can fill any space.
Terror can strike in America, in Africa, in Europe or in Asia.
Terror can turn life to death, laughter to tears, and shared hopes to sorrowful memories.
Terror cleanses the soul.
Terror comes to the surface . . .
Terror compounds terror until the very end, creating an unbearable sense of misery and anxiety.
Terror consumes the person.
Terror continues to reign.
Terror creates silence.
Terror grows as a series of deadly accidents begin to claim the lives of the mission members.
Terror hits home.
Terror hits Israeli citizens wherever they are.
Terror holds both peoples stunned.
Terror infects the workforce.
Terror is a foreign concept here, replaced instead by ugliness.
Terror is a negative desire.
Terror is a weapon.
Terror is a well known beast Portioned in the middle-east.
Terror is a whole.
Terror is an absolute necessity during times of revolution.
Terror is an enemy much easier to fight.
Terror is an instrument of their policy.
Terror is become the order of the day.
Terror is born and bred in the mind, and terror begets terror.
Terror is coercion.
Terror is fear
Terror is felt in the street.
Terror is government by intimidation, coercion and fear.
Terror is great against certain opponents.
Terror is imps.
Terror is like a ball that bounces back and forth between two walls of a small room.
Terror is no antidote to terror.
Terror is nothing new for too many Valley families.
Terror is of Latin origin, from terrere, meaning filled with fear.
Terror is people.
Terror is strong emotion.
Terror is terror no matter what colour it is.
Terror is terror.
Terror is the enemy of humanity.
Terror is the nuclear bomb of the poor and the kamikaze are the ultimate form of terror.
Terror is the sudden shock of horror movies, i.e. sudden movements or unexpected shocks.
Terror is the very antithesis of the peace process.
Terror is to be one of their keepers .
Terror is usually a localized effect, based on regional mythology and demons.
Terror isa fear.
Terror isa fright.
Terror overcomes All.
Terror prevents the mind from evaluating dangers and thinking logically.
Terror reigns as giant insects invade planet after planet.
Terror reigns in Manhattan.
Terror reigns when the giant of the jungles breaks loose.
Terror rides with reckless abandon on a freakish horse of trepidation and fear of the unknown.
Terror rises in the crowd.
Terror seeps through, staunched by humour.
Terror shakes our resolve as it shakes our buildings.
Terror stricken, s yno up at l hole lat.
Terror strikes again .
Terror survives from race to race. . .
Terror takes control as the dead come alive with a vengeance.
Terror touches each person individually.
Terror turns gives way to absurd slapstick, and vice versa.
Terrors lay buried there.
Terrorism affect some countries more strongly than others, of course.
Terrorism affects some countries more strongly than others, of course.
Terrorism also has a high economic cost.
Terrorism also remains a threat.
Terrorism bows the knee at the throne of an evil god.
Terrorism can also cripple entire economies.
Terrorism can be a means for a nation to project power.
Terrorism can flourish in such a fertile culture of despair.
Terrorism can go on without sanction, that is the message of passivity.
Terrorism can go two ways.
Terrorism can have widely varying motivations.
Terrorism can now be electronic.
Terrorism can occur without buildings being bombed or women and children dying in the streets.
Terrorism can result from the conflict between tribes, religious groups, and political entities.
Terrorism can take forms other than bombs.
Terrorism causes a desire to hide.
Terrorism causes death.
Terrorism causes sadness.
Terrorism causes war.
Terrorism Comes Calling.
Terrorism comes in all shapes, sizes and colors.
Terrorism committed by a state is the worst kind.
Terrorism continues as a major, insidious threat.
Terrorism continues to threaten Israeli citizens.
Terrorism demands close cooperation with all of our partners.
Terrorism deserves absolute condemnation regardless of the perpetrator or the motive.
Terrorism deserves the same condemnation everywhere.
Terrorism destroys innocent lives.
Terrorism endangers our peace, but it is also a global cancer.
Terrorism evokes a strong punitive impulse in people.
Terrorism exists throughout the world.
Terrorism expands to fill the vacuum left by passivity or weakness.
Terrorism fears The explosion has triggered fears of political violence returning to Russia.
Terrorism fluctuates by political events since it is a political act and statement.
Terrorism hangs like a dark cloud over our hopes.
Terrorism has no country.
Terrorism has no justification.
Terrorism has no nation.
Terrorism has no national boundaries.
Terrorism has no official criminal law definition at the international level.
Terrorism has no religion, but terrorists have.
Terrorism has NO religion.
Terrorism has political, psychological and military objectives.
Terrorism has the potential to become a serious strategic threat to each and every nation.
Terrorism holds the whole world hostage.
Terrorism interrupts the natural order of things.
Terrorism invariably corrupts the culprits and the common human rights of mankind.
Terrorism involves inducing fear.
Terrorism involves the indiscriminate use of force to achieve certain objectives.
Terrorism is a breach of human rights in a massive and most brutal form.
Terrorism is a buzzing mosquito on a summer night.
Terrorism is a cancer that can be cured only by a military operation.
Terrorism is a common threat throughout the world.
Terrorism is a community problem.
Terrorism is a cowardly and barbaric crime.
Terrorism is a coward's way to fight.
Terrorism is a crime against humanity.
Terrorism is a crime that affects innocent men, women, and children everywhere.
Terrorism is a crime under several existing federal statutes.
Terrorism is a criminal act in nearly all national and international legal codes.
Terrorism is a curse on the world.
Terrorism is a deadly matter in Greece.
Terrorism is a direct outcome of the front organisations.
Terrorism is a dynamic, moving target.
Terrorism is a form of war.
Terrorism is a form of warfare and a strategic issue in our region.
Terrorism is a global menace, which clearly calls for global action.
Terrorism is a global problem that requires the concerted efforts of all concerned.
Terrorism is a global threat.
Terrorism is a growing threat because people are desperate.
Terrorism is a last resort to feeling unheard.
Terrorism is a manifestation of hatred and when it is well planned, it is purposefully executed.
Terrorism is a means of matching the leader with society.
Terrorism is a means to an end.
Terrorism is a much used term, with many definitions.
Terrorism is a new and emerging global phenomenon.
Terrorism is a part of it.
Terrorism is a part of the dark side of globalization.
Terrorism is a persistent disease.
Terrorism is a police matter.
Terrorism is a political act, a response to U.S. foreign policy.
Terrorism is a political act.
Terrorism is a poor man's warfare and it requires little funding or support.
Terrorism is a possibility at any time and any place if the soil is fertile.
Terrorism is a powerful tool.
Terrorism is a private-sector affair, usually employing homemade materials.
Terrorism is a problem that can only be solved by nuclear war.
Terrorism is a problem which has troubled the international community for more than three decades.
Terrorism is a product of desperation and nihilism.
Terrorism is a product of psychological forces.
Terrorism is a psychological game that thrives on fear.
Terrorism is a psychological warfare.
Terrorism is a real entity that needs a consistent, realistic definition.
Terrorism is a scourge against humanity.
Terrorism is a scourge that undermines stability.
Terrorism is a sensational event.
Terrorism is a serious concern to all our Governments.
Terrorism is a serious threat to our political systems and our societies.
Terrorism is a social problem, a political, and an economical problem.
Terrorism is a specific kind of violence.
Terrorism is a term that has been much bandied about in recent times in the world media.
Terrorism is a term, which everyone can recognize but few can define it.
Terrorism is a threat to all the countries of South Asia.
Terrorism is a twentieth-century reality.
Terrorism is a unique form of crime.
Terrorism is a valid concern, but it exists on both sides of the borders.
Terrorism is a very real problem facing America.
Terrorism is a war of psychology.
Terrorism is a war without borders and without rules.
Terrorism is a wave-like phenomenon.
Terrorism is a way of thinking.
Terrorism is a weapon that threatens all civil authority.
Terrorism is a worldwide problem.
Terrorism is a worldwide threat.
Terrorism is about fear and the fact that the terrorists have to hide means they live in fear too.
Terrorism is about power.
Terrorism is against religious teaching.
Terrorism is also a concern.
Terrorism is also ineffective.
Terrorism is always a possibility, but the risks pale beside the opportunity of a pact with Syria.
Terrorism is always an integral part of fascist conceptions.
Terrorism is always on the Palestinian side of the ledger, defence on the Israeli.
Terrorism is always on the Palestinian side of the ledger, defense on the Israeli.
Terrorism is an act of war.
Terrorism is an anomalous dark corner in the field of human endeavour.
Terrorism is an arm the revolutionary can never relinquish.
Terrorism is an asymmetrical advantages, obviously cruise missiles, and so, too, ballistic missiles.
Terrorism is an easy issue for most people to line up on the same side.
Terrorism is an emerging concern among emergency responders.
Terrorism is an established crime under international law.
Terrorism is an evil to all.
Terrorism is an inevitable result of an unjust society.
Terrorism is an international phenomenon.
Terrorism is an obvious concern, but that's largely the result of misguided intervention abroad.
Terrorism is another nefarious international activity in which Syria continues to be involved.
Terrorism is another vital American interest at play in Pakistan and next door in Afghanistan.
Terrorism is another vital American interest at play in Pakistan and next-door in Afghanistan.
Terrorism is another.
Terrorism is as much about the bluster of propaganda as it is about violence.
Terrorism is at the top of any agenda for interaction between the leaders of the two countries.
Terrorism is born and live in democracy.
Terrorism is both a threat to our national security as well as a criminal act.
Terrorism is certain to be included.
Terrorism is certainly one example.
Terrorism is considered to be low intensity warfare.
Terrorism is designed to frighten and demoralize.
Terrorism is directed against Israeli civilian targets.
Terrorism is employment of merciless violence for a variety of ends.
Terrorism is equated to building homes as if both acts are equally reprehensible.
Terrorism is essentially a political act.
Terrorism is evil.
Terrorism is financed heavily by groups in various countries.
Terrorism is gender-blind, as the tragic events of recent month have proven.
Terrorism is generally a response by the oppressed who have no other means to attain their rights.
Terrorism is horrible.
Terrorism is impossible to predict, but protests are easy.
Terrorism is in decline.
Terrorism is in Peru what communism used to be in our politics.
Terrorism is in the eye of the beholder.
Terrorism is incompatible with the advancement towards peace.
Terrorism is inconsistent with our African history, our tradition, our culture and our beliefs.
Terrorism is inherently contemptible and is condemned by all.
Terrorism is intimidation.
Terrorism is just as important a psychological weapon.
Terrorism is likely to continue in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Terrorism is merely the downward linear extension of such conduct.
Terrorism is more horrific than war.
Terrorism is more than an Islamic phenomenon, but an Islamic dimension exists.
Terrorism is more than the bomb and the gun.
Terrorism is multifaceted and differs from group to group and incident to incident.
Terrorism is multifaceted.
Terrorism is neither the central geopolitical nor moral challenge involved here.
Terrorism is never an acceptable tactic.
Terrorism is no longer a just a threat for international travelers and workers.
Terrorism is no longer a stranger to the United States of America.
Terrorism is no longer a word.
Terrorism is no longer faceless or blameless.
Terrorism is no longer one country s problem.
Terrorism is no respecter of national frontiers.
Terrorism is no respecter of the sanctity of human life and property.
Terrorism is nothing new.
Terrorism is now easier then ever before.
Terrorism is now worse than it has ever been and the loss of human life has reached new extremes.
Terrorism is nurtured by anger and despair.
Terrorism is on the rise in the USA and around the world.
Terrorism is on the rise worldwide.
Terrorism is on the rise.
Terrorism is on the up rise in Saigon .
Terrorism is one of the major unresolved issues of the twentieth century.
Terrorism is one of the oldest weapons used in the struggle of domination.
Terrorism is only the background for the character.
Terrorism is part of government's modus operandi.
Terrorism is political violence.
Terrorism is probably the factor that is the key to the beginning of the next war.
Terrorism is real.
Terrorism is really only possible in free, or open societies.
Terrorism is repugnant, irrespective of the motivation involved.
Terrorism is some one else s problem.
Terrorism is something different.
Terrorism is still a direct, active threat in Northern Ireland.
Terrorism is still a reality of life for many parts of the world.
Terrorism is suspected, although no one has claimed responsibility.
Terrorism is terror
Terrorism is terror.
Terrorism is terrorism, no matter what the cause.
Terrorism is terrorism.
Terrorism is Terrorism.
Terrorism is the chief threat to peace.
Terrorism is the global menace of our age.
Terrorism is the language of hatred and despair.
Terrorism is the new word replacing revolution.
Terrorism is the one means for the weak to strike out against the strong.
Terrorism is the plague of many nations.
Terrorism is the politics of murder.
Terrorism is the poor man's way of waging war.
Terrorism is the practice of using fear to accomplish an objective, probably one that is unpopular.
Terrorism is the single biggest threat to our national security.
Terrorism is the strong arm towards power.
Terrorism is the use of violence to achieve political goals.
Terrorism is the use or threatened use of force designed to bring about political change.
Terrorism is the world's cancer today.
Terrorism is top of the global agenda.
Terrorism is ultimately the weapon of the weak, the cowardly, and the marginal.
Terrorism is unacceptable no matter how noble the underlying cause.
Terrorism is unlike war.
Terrorism is usually about making a statement.
Terrorism is what Israel is doing.
Terrorism is widespread in certain areas and sometimes tourists have been targeted.
Terrorism is widespread in the world.
Terrorism is worldwide.
Terrorism is worse than war, it strikes anywhere.
Terrorism is wrong either committed by individuals, groups or Governments.
Terrorism is wrong.
Terrorism is, indeed, a serious challenge.
Terrorism kills and threatens civilians in their person.
Terrorism knows no boundaries.
Terrorism knows no geographic boundaries.
Terrorism leaves few countries untouched.
Terrorism looms large as a major threat today to free societies of the world.
Terrorism needs to be isolated so that it can be more effectively countered.
Terrorism now has a global reach, and the United States is exposed everywhere.
Terrorism occupies an increasingly broad base on the conflict spectrum.
Terrorism occurs all over the world and is carried out by terrorists.
Terrorism occurs frequently in so many countries.
Terrorism pisses the United States off.
Terrorism poses a serious threat, requiring a serious government response.
Terrorism poses any number of extremely difficult challenges to our national security.
Terrorism presents different issues.
Terrorism presents different problems.
Terrorism Provides a selection of links to sites discussing terrorism and anti-terrorist activities.
Terrorism provides an identity with meaning.
Terrorism reaches back to ancient Greece and has occurred throughout history.
Terrorism refuses the policy and aims at making civilization unworkable.
Terrorism reigns everywhere.
Terrorism relies on symbolic power.
Terrorism remains a complex phenomenon spawned by a mix of factors and motivations.
Terrorism remains the most likely attack at home and abroad.
Terrorism represents a profound threat to our communities.
Terrorism represents a real threat for our society and to our peace of mind.
Terrorism respects no boundaries.
Terrorism rips apart the fabric of society.
Terrorism runs rampant.
Terrorism seems to be the latest hip trend.
Terrorism sells ads big time.
Terrorism springs up because theere is an organization.
Terrorism stalks America.
Terrorism stands alternative to peace.
Terrorism supported by states is also war.
Terrorism takes a daily toll across the world.
Terrorism takes many forms.
Terrorism takes on dangerous new patterns.
Terrorism thereby becomes an extension of war.
Terrorism threatens the whole international community.
Terrorism thrives on confusion and panic.
Terrorism transcends all demographic and geographic boundaries, urban, suburban and rural.
Terrorism unleashes huge waves of hysteria, fury, grief and disbelief.
Terrorism uses disproportional means.
Terrorism uses terror as tool.
Terrorism uses violence as a first or second means rather than as a last resort.
Terrorism works .
Terrorism works by the same principles as the protection racket used by organized crime.
Terrorism works in secrecy.
Terrorism always entails criminal activity.
Terrorism always tries to cause insecurity and restlessness in the society.
Terrorism often emerges from the breeding grounds of political, economic and ideologic conflict.
All terrorism is really is well-planned violent crime.
Any terrorism has to be stopped.
Some terrorism is state-sponsored.
A terrorist act is terror
Terrorist acts are extremely difficult to prevent.
Terrorist acts are human activities.
Terrorist acts are only a plane ride away from any country, any city in the world.
Terrorist acts cause people to scatter and isolate.
Terrorist acts interfere with that.
Terrorist acts pose an especially potent threat to U.S. interests.
Terrorist acts resemble vandalism and arson.
All terrorist acts are criminal.
Terrorist action carried out by government agents is another aspect of state-sponsored terrorism.
Terrorist actions are something over which children, and most adults, have no control.
Terrorist activities are very rare in Colombo .
A terrorist attack is a terrorist act
Terrorist attacks affect financial markets around the world.
Terrorist attacks are a sad, pervasive part of modern life.
Terrorist attacks are physical attacks.
Terrorist attacks are terrorism.
Terrorist attacks are terrorist acts.
Terrorist attacks are unpredictable.
Terrorist attacks become lessons in democracy for students.
Terrorist attacks continue to be a problem across the Russian Federation.
Terrorist attacks evoke a different type of fear than natural disasters.
Terrorist attacks let to military reprisals and incursions by Israel.
Terrorist attacks seem more likely, against troops or civilians.
Most terrorist attacks involve the bomb and the gun.
Terrorist barbarity scoffs at superpowers.
Terrorist bombs explode in Moscow and other Russian cities.
Terrorist bombings are heinous crimes.
Terrorist bombings occur in Delhi, India.
Terrorist crimes mandate universal cooperation in apprehension and punishment.
Terrorist danger lurks around every corner.
Terrorist elements think along the same lines.
Terrorist fundraisers face jail in Canada contd.
A terrorist group is political movement
Terrorist group assume their attempted to American ship.
Terrorist groups are increasingly keen to experiment with chemical weapons.
Terrorist groups are like weeds.
Terrorist groups are more diffuse and amorphous right now.
Terrorist groups are on a different playing field however.
Terrorist groups are under growing pressure.
Terrorist groups derive pleasure in killing the innocent.
Terrorist groups have active cadres who train other terrorists.
Terrorist groups rebel fairly effectively with illegal weapons.
Terrorist groups thrive on peoples' anti-American feelings.
Terrorist groups use money laundering channels to get cash to buy arms.
Some terrorist groups are religious factions within the Muslim world.
Some terrorist groups rely on supporters to raise funds online.
Terrorist incidents create a unique emergency response environment.
Terrorist methods applied to children are characteristic features of fascist cruelty.
Terrorist movements exist even in such unlikely places as Saudi Arabia and Libya.
Every terrorist operation is preceded by a period of surveillance.
Terrorist organisations can only survive with, at a minimum, the acquiesience of people.
Terrorist organisations thrive on media exposure.
Many terrorist organisations seem to want to disrupt the peace.
A terrorist organization is political movement
Terrorist organizations live and grow by the publicity that they receive.
Terrorist outrages command massive media coverage when they happen.
Terrorist states are often authoritarian or military-dominated.
Terrorist targets are predictable.
Terrorist threat is ever present.
Terrorist threats are scary .
Terrorist training varies considerably.
Terrorist violence is neither spontaneous nor random.
A terrorist is a radical
Terrorist acts whether of national or international origin.
Terrorist are able to plant the bomb.
Terrorists also present new threats to our security.
Terrorists are a lot like that school bully - only with funnier names and automatic weapons.
Terrorists are about to attack Crystal City.
Terrorists are as common as vending machines.
Terrorists are capable of killeds.
Terrorists are criminals.
Terrorists are either international or domestic.
Terrorists are everywhere.
Terrorists are extremely dedicated to their cause.
Terrorists are horrible, because they killed three innocent people.
Terrorists are humans.
Terrorists are like a cancer.
Terrorists are located in airports.
Terrorists are located in planes.
Terrorists are located in prisons.
Terrorists are mean rah rah rah.
Terrorists are more likely to acquire simple poisons than anything else.
Terrorists are more sophisticated than the average illegal alien.
Terrorists are now more mobile, their weapons more powerful, their methods more sophisticated.
Terrorists are on a rampage.
Terrorists are on the prowl in many places, exploiting fragility of states.
Terrorists are out there to create destruction, kill people and disrupt society.
Terrorists are part of extremist groups.
Terrorists are people committed to a cause.
Terrorists are people.
Terrorists are presented with lucrative and strategic soft targets, easily disrupted and destroyed.
Terrorists are radicals.
Terrorists are still very much in business and likely to remain so for the foreseeable future.
Terrorists are successful when even their threats alter the behavior of free people.
Terrorists are tourists with guns.
Terrorists are violent criminals.
Terrorists are willing to sacrifice everything including their lives for their beliefs.
Terrorists are, of course, already subject to being wiretapped.
Terrorists attack innocent people without provocation for political ends.
Terrorists attack Jewish civilian and are killed in firefight .
Terrorists attack the dignitary's entourage.
Terrorists backed by colossal wealth presents the world with a new dilemma.
Terrorists become wild dogs with just slight changes in the ideological winds.
Terrorists blow up a subway train.
Terrorists can exploit the airline security of the laxest country.
Terrorists can look like anyone, even a neighbor across the street.
Terrorists can pitch a tent and play a camping game or skirmish in the depths of the oilrig.
Terrorists can see the difficulty in attacking well-protected targets.
Terrorists can strike almost everywhere.
Terrorists change their tactics all the time.
Terrorists claim credit for events.
Terrorists collapse in fits of laughter and music fills the streets around the world.
Terrorists come in all sizes, ages and nationalities.
Terrorists come, kill, and troops rush in when they have gone.
Terrorists continue plotting to disrupt our lives.
Terrorists continue to attack churches and properties and to target and kill Christian believers.
Terrorists continue to get more sophisticated with the types of bombs and devises they use.
Terrorists desire violence.
Terrorists disguise themselves as civilians, which is a capital military crime.
Terrorists do use cyberspace to facilitate traditional forms of terrorism such as bombings.
Terrorists exploit a facility's weaknesses.
Terrorists flee after retaliatory fire.
Terrorists follow the same pattern as other criminals.
Terrorists generally know what they are doing.
Terrorists generally stick with tired and true methods.
Terrorists generally strike at innocent citizens.
Terrorists gun down innocent children playing in the street of a distant city.
Terrorists have additional hurdles to overcome.
Terrorists have certain advantages over the average criminal.
Terrorists have identifiable needs.
Terrorists have more recourse, many more options.
Terrorists have no soul, no mind, no courage, no mandate.
Terrorists have our city in a state of near panic.
Terrorists have sympathisers.
Terrorists have sympathizers.
Terrorists have the luxury of searching for a single vulnerability.
Terrorists have the luxury of time.
Terrorists have to just hit one, at a time of their choosing.
Terrorists hold a man in Beirut.
Terrorists increasingly rely on drug money for funding.
Terrorists interrogate a prisoner as another tries to flee.
Terrorists is what they are.
Terrorists kidnap and kill their family members.
Terrorists kidnap five pageant finalists.
Terrorists kill nine tourists on Aegean cruise.
Terrorists know how to read weakness.
Terrorists know the media as well, or better than, most media experts.
Terrorists leave bombs in vehicles to rip apart the fragile bodies of passersby.
Terrorists look for defenseless, easily accessible targets.
Terrorists make targeted demands and like a high degree of control over their operations.
Terrorists move around.
Terrorists now react more like real humans and RUN when shot at and injured.
Terrorists now select targets in the United States itself.
Terrorists obtain weapons from the markets in the regions having lack of authority.
Terrorists offer a possible alternative to open armed conflict.
Terrorists operate in a global theater.
Terrorists operate secretively.
Terrorists plague the world.
Terrorists prefer operations that have a high probability of success and escape.
Terrorists prefer weapons that are simple, cheap and reliable and that make a big noise.
Terrorists read and watch TV too.
Terrorists recognize no rules.
Terrorists reconnoiter and maintain extensive surveillance to gather detailed intelligence.
Terrorists rely on surprise and the victim's confusion at the time of an incident.
Terrorists rely on the unexpected to drive fear into the hearts of their enemies.
Terrorists represent a small criminal minority in any large social context.
Terrorists represent a small criminal minority in any larger social context.
Terrorists reserve their worst for media coverage to maximise the impact.
Terrorists rise and begin to take over resource supply lines starving a resource dependant planet.
Terrorists roam the streets.
Terrorists see themselves as brave warriors.
Terrorists see themselves as heroes.
Terrorists seek mainly to shock, disgust and bewilder their audience.
Terrorists seek weapons of mass destruction.
Terrorists seem to pop up at every turn.
Terrorists seem to want to impact the greatest number of people in a short space of time.
Terrorists select targets that offer the most opportunity for success.
Terrorists select their targets carefully and their selection is planned and rational.
Terrorists sell counterfeit hundred dollar bills.
Terrorists start together in a building with hostages located at various points.
Terrorists strike innocent civilians, often randomly, and without warning.
Terrorists target people randomly to destabilise society.
Terrorists tend to be ideologically motivated, adventuristic, psychopathic or a combination thereof.
Terrorists terrorize people.
Terrorists thrive on nothing so much as the spread of chaos, fear and intimidation.
Terrorists too have suffered very heavy casualties, sources confirm.
Terrorists top the list.
Terrorists trained in Afghanistan operate in neighboring states.
Terrorists turn red arrows on radar.
Terrorists type feelings attract terrorist type circumstance.
Terrorists use car bombs more than any other organization .
Terrorists use car bombs more than any other organization.
Terrorists use fake names.
Terrorists use violence or the threat of violence to achieve their objectives.
Terrorists view the world in terms of good and evil.
Terrorists violate the law when they commit terrorist acts.
Terrorists worldwide can strike suddenly against any target.
Terrorists often strike when they believe the parties are poised to make progress.
Terrorists often target first class passengers for particularly tough treatment.
Terrorists sometimes hide among emigrant diasporas and refugee communities.
All terrorists are alike, murdering criminals, no matter what nationality they hide behind.
Any terrorist welcomes disruption, especially in emergency services.
Many terrorists use that guideline.
Most terrorists appear to be unmarried.
Most terrorists have extreme dedication to their cause, and so they're willing to run great risks.
Some terrorists just take money, rather than resorting to blackmail.
Some terrorists manage to flee back to Mexico.
Terroristic actions are something over which children, and most adults, have no control.
Terroristic extortion is politics by other means.
Terrorists groups use religious or political ideals to interest potential recruits.
Terrorized people are incapable of the higher, human, rationalistic reactions.
Terry cloth is a toweling
Terry cloth is cloth
Terry cloth is towel-like and heavy.
A terry is a toweling
A terry is cloth
Terries are fabric.
Terries are musicians.
Terries are nuts.
Terries are toweling.
Terries desire sex.
Terries have (part) hems.
Terries have (part) sections.
Terries have kids.
Terry accounts the slight to jealousy.
Terry adds with a laugh.
Terry advises individuals wanting to personalize their home to consult a custom builder.
Terry advises that the year was difficult to read.
Terry aims to quash both.
Terry almost begs to be overplayed.
Terry answers questions about saving, spending, college, family, banking, and bills.
Terry appeals the district court's order.
Terry asks, and then takes a sip of ice water.
Terry attempts to bring order to the situation.
Terry begins at the end.
Terry begins to experiment with creative new behaviors.
Terry believes customer satisfaction is the key.
Terry believes deeply in Chicago's new economy, the startup culture, and recently, angel investing.
Terry believes in doing a lot of stuff in-camera, too.
Terry can turn the short wheelbase bike around right on the drag strip and drive back.
Terry catches fire, and everybody else tries to keep up.
Terry checks a hot Subaru.
Terry comes from a large close-knit Italian and Greek family.
Terry comes to say goodbye, they thank each other, and have a quick romantic clinch.
Terry concludes that leadership is authentic action.
Terry continues to be a leader and inspiration to all working magicians.
Terry continues to be active in country music.
Terry continues to work part-time at the airport to supplement their support.
Terry coordinates floor managers and volunteers.
Terry demonstrates how to create lively blacks that the Zebra and the painting striking.
Terry demonstrates how to create sunwashed rock shapes as the painting s point of interest.
Terry denies ever harassing anyone.
Terry displays professionalism and Integrity without compromise.
Terry does all the cooking in our house great for a college student with a fulltime job.
Terry does any sessions that come along.
Terry does do something thoughtlessly cruel, which throws the siblings' relationship into turmoil.
Terry does things like that.
Terry drinks beer.
Terry encourages students to bring whatever type of medium in which they are comfortable.
Terry enjoys baseball, cooking, playing guitar, and fishing.
Terry enjoys camping, canoeing, reading history, and cooking.
Terry enjoys music of all types, gardening, and spending time with family and friends.
Terry enjoys playing golf and reading as well as cooking outside.
Terry enjoys running and bicycling.
Terry enjoys using dreams as a way of explainging sequences in a reflective manner.
Terry even makes the extra effort to sing the verse on several of the old favorites.
Terry feels it's critical for youngsters to learn about technology.
Terry feels other, more serious pressures as well.
Terry feels that it is slowly getting better.
Terry fights corruption and rescues a kidnapping victim.
Terry fluffs up and softens with washing and drying in laundry machines.
Terry goes first of course, then is too far gone to help the girls.
Terry handles publication requests, software sales, and public relations.
Terry have fun.
Terry heads the staff of our very able preschool teachers.
Terry helps guide the delivery and implementation of wireless communications services to the field.
Terry helps others break free from the barriers that bind.
Terry hopes to attend graduate school.
Terry invites everyone.
Terry is a brilliant kid.
Terry is a cold-blooded murderer.
Terry is a constructive banker, experienced in assessing business, management and strategies.
Terry is a consultant to cooperatives and a lecturer on worker cooperatives.
Terry is a convert to the Catholic faith.
Terry is a director with vision.
Terry is a drifter who hops around from job to job, with the occasional jail stint in-between.
Terry is a drifter.
Terry is a fabulous leader.
Terry is a fellow West Virginian, so go vote .
Terry is a font of information on hints and techniques for turning.
Terry is a general science major working toward teaching certification in elementary education.
Terry is a good cook.
Terry is a good rebounder and a tough inside scorer.
Terry is a great addition to our team.
Terry is a great industry leader, with a remarkable combination of experience and vision.
Terry is a great typer.
Terry is a high-energy, creative and entertaining speaker, author and consultant.
Terry is a long and slim player who can score inside and out.
Terry is a maker of wooden flutes for Irish and Classical music.
Terry is a man who has broken many racial boundaries.
Terry is a man who makes mistakes.
Terry is a member of the District of Columbia Bar.
Terry is a member of the following philatelic origanizations.
Terry is a native Oklahoman.
Terry is a natural story teller and seems to find something in common with every visitor.
Terry is a partner in our Richmond office.
Terry is a penniless drifter who can be counted on to abandon girlfriends and land in jail.
Terry is a personal friend.
Terry is a postal worker who is deaf.
Terry is a practicing attorney with extensive experience in medical ethics.
Terry is a professional athlete, coach, adventure racer and motivational speaker.
Terry is a professional plumber in Washington state.
Terry is a professional videographer and editor.
Terry is a proven leader.
Terry is a psychotherapist in private practice, specializing in adult attention deficit disorders.
Terry is a real working cowboy.
Terry is a sales representative.
Terry is a shy man.
Terry is a superb antihero type of character who makes the sleaze flow.
Terry is a teacher in Atlantic and a member of the local Atlantic amateur baseball team.
Terry is a third generation Colorado native.
Terry is a threat all the time out there.
Terry is a track and basketball enthusiast.
Terry is a tremendously resourceful individual and as crew chief is a great asset to the team.
Terry is a very accomplished wreck diver.
Terry is a very creative individual who has marketed several diabolical effects.
Terry is a very skilled driver.
Terry is a very sympathetic heroine.
Terry is a veteran of the series with four years' driving experience.
Terry is a veteran of the series with four years driving experience.
Terry is a wealthy and successful writer.
Terry is a wonderful guy.
Terry is active in community service.
Terry is active in many professional organizations and well known within the assessment community.
Terry is also a certified mediator.
Terry is also a full-time music teacher.
Terry is also a published author and frequent contributor to various newsletters and periodicals.
Terry is also a skilled manager of people.
Terry is also afraid of commitment.
Terry is also an accomplished aerial and portrait photographer.
Terry is also an accomplished songwriter.
Terry is also available for one-man shows, masterclasses, workshops and demonstrations.
Terry is also happy to check private firefighting equipment.
Terry is also one of the funniest people around in a deadpan kind of way.
Terry is also our resident graphics expert.
Terry is also right about building the testing into the product.
Terry is at the grocery store.
Terry is at the library studying.
Terry is available in either a consultative or direct managerial capacity.
Terry is available to help students with their problems.
Terry is beautiful.
Terry is bright, amazingly energetic, and has much to offer in common sense and determination.
Terry is broke.
Terry is by nature quiet, and chose to spend the day hiking alone in a special spot.
Terry is co-inventor of the lithium recycling process.
Terry is compassionate, generous and caring.
Terry is despondent.
Terry is elated.
Terry is equally busy, working the floor as a hostess and waitress.
Terry is extremely upset.
Terry is flustered and embarrassed.
Terry is good defensively, with good hands and a solid work ethic.
Terry is intelligent, introspective, and kind.
Terry is just another burden.
Terry is married with two daughters.
Terry is married, the father of three, and active in a number of civic organizations.
Terry is more of a perfectionist and wants metal in there instead.
Terry is more of a power runner.
Terry is now a freelance film critic, hooked on coffee and cinema.
Terry is now a successful jingle writer.
Terry is now a teacher and coach in a nearby school.
Terry is now home.
Terry is now the driver of the rhythm section in The Bones.
Terry is now with a computer company in the private sector.
Terry is outraged and determined to find out.
Terry is particularly adept at winning with horses after a layoff.
Terry is rough around the edges.
Terry is still a resident there.
Terry is swept into a circus of church bombings, doomsday cults and posturing politicians.
Terry is to be commended for daring to make a difference.
Terry is unlikely to succeed on a tort theory.
Terry is unreliable, restless and dreams of returning to Alaska.
Terry is unwilling to assume personal responsibility for the debts of the business.
Terry is very active in the local community.
Terry is very aware of all the students and each of their needs.
Terry is very cautious and alert . . .
Terry is very creative and loves decorating, sewing, crafts, cooking, shopping and skiing.
Terry is very hard working and relentless during games.
Terry is very knowledgeable and put a lot of our worries at ease.
Terry is warming up the car, it only takes a split second for the dogs to jump in.
Terry isa cloth.
Terry isa fabric.
Terry knows all too well that there are inherent dangers in climbing.
Terry knows what it means to make a payroll and to run a small business.
Terry knows what most kids in town find under their tree.
Terry laughs indulgently.
Terry likes email.
Terry likes to read books.
Terry lives in Iowa, too.
Terry locks the car and follows the path back down to the lake.
Terry looks down and presses the blue button on the handlebars.
Terry looks down the blowhole.
Terry looks hopeful.
Terry loves and knows a lot about beef and just meat in general.
Terry loves antiques.
Terry loves gossip.
Terry loves to read almost anything, from science news and current events to history and philosophy.
Terry loves to sing karaoke and listen to pop jazz.
Terry loves to snowmobile, fish and eat chocolate.
Terry manages and performs the physical tests of our client's products .
Terry meets with all the volunteers, business people, and other interested individuals.
Terry moves from shredding to copying with ease.
Terry now has a factory job.
Terry now holds the football.
Terry only returns back to bum some money.
Terry owns a lot in a swamp in Louisiana.
Terry plans to compete in swimming at the World Transplant Games in Budapest.
Terry plans to continue to assist the food bank by making the silent auction an annual event.
Terry plans to increase abundance for everyone.
Terry plays it.
Terry plays nice changes here.
Terry plays the bass and splits duties singing the lead.
Terry prefers to be the only pet.
Terry prefers to see the finished article rather than a query.
Terry pretends to drink from a black glass whiskey circa.
Terry provides career consulting, testing and evaluation services.
Terry provides music for the crowd during the break.
Terry pulls away, appearing indignant, leaving the man standing puzzled in the middle of the street.
Terry pulls out a map of Maine.
Terry pulls up to a stop light.
Terry puts on a fun show.
Terry quickly shifts and returns to the starting position.
Terry reacts and kills the assailant.
Terry reacts to the sound.
Terry recommends spinners, spoons and spawn for the spawning salmon.
Terry references the spanish orchid papers.
Terry rejects spiritual order and embraces chaos.
Terry returns home.
Terry returns to Berkeley.
Terry roars off around the block.
Terry runs a snack bar at a small company.
Terry runs the best machine in the group.
Terry says jazz is both a technique and an attitude that can be taught.
Terry says sympathetically.
Terry seems to fill the bill.
Terry sketches a landscape of lasting impressions.
Terry specializes in audience participation.
Terry specializes in developing database and programming solutions for internet web sites.
Terry specializes in government, advocacy and social marketing and communication issue management.
Terry specializes in showmanship of the highest caliber.
Terry stands there.
Terry starts the melody with a two fisted wave and a quick laugh.
Terry starts to climb into the car.
Terry stays as busy as possible.
Terry stops paying rent.
Terry stops, trying to figure out where their conversation went.
Terry strains into the darkness.
Terry suggests avoiding cotton and wearing polypropylene-insulated long underwear.
Terry teaches kindergarten to newly broken horses, walks instead of rides, and travels light.
Terry tests the update to make sure that it performs according to the quote.
Terry then comments about the experiment involving the identical twins.
Terry travels the globe hosting educational workshops about dolphins and whales.
Terry tries to talk, much like a shell-shocked war veteran.
Terry turns a corner and another car pulls alongside.
Terry turns bond initiative losses into positive gains.
Terry turns out new novels at the rate of about one a year, now.
Terry turns the TV off after the allotted time, then takes Rory to a local bar to play pool.
Terry views it as a partnership, with both parties sharing a common goal and vision.
Terry walks in.
Terry warns parents to be careful of the messages they send.
Terry works for a computer company as a technician.
Terry works from color prints and sketchbooks.
Terry works with a small group of customers on a regular basis.
Terry always has something to say.
Terry always wants to be first.
Terry often drinks beer.
Terry often speaks at industry conferences and seminars.
A terrycloth is a toweling
A terrycloth is cloth
Terrycloth is a good second choice.
Terse statement alludes to departure for personal reasons or to pursue other interests.
Tersk horses perform well both in flat racing, classic events and, particularly, in the dressage.
Tertial coverts have broad edging which is pale brown.
Tertian fever is transmitted by diseased female mosquitoes only.
Tertiary activities provide services for the communities.
Tertiary amendments are in order.
Tertiary amines have no H-bond donor , since they have three alkyl groups on the nitrogen.
Tertiary amines react with primary or secondary alkyl halides to form quaternary ammonium salts.
Some tertiary aroma comes from maturation.
Tertiary care is provided in nine intensive care units.
Tertiary chords are chords built with stacked thirds.
Tertiary climate changes at middle latitudes of western North America.
Most Tertiary coal is considered a clean, low-contaminant, compliant coal resource.
Tertiary colors are a primary color and a secondary color mixed together.
Tertiary colors are the colors between each primary and secondary color.
Tertiary consumers are carnivores that eat secondary consumers.
Tertiary consumers are organisms that feed primarily on secondary and primary consumers.
Tertiary consumers are the fourth level, eating secondary consumers.
Tertiary consumers are usually larger than their prey.
Tertiary consumers eat secondary consumers.
Tertiary containment is included as a back-up system.
Tertiary contractions consist of random, spontaneous contractions that have no peristaltic function.
Tertiary courses are just as numerous and just as various.
Tertiary deposits are found in some of the mountain chains.
Tertiary education accounts for about one-third of the education budget.
Tertiary education consumes a high percentage of the education budget, with inadequate results.
Tertiary education is considered to include vocationally-oriented courses.
Tertiary education is defined as education at the third level.
Tertiary education is preferred.
Some tertiary education is also available.
Tertiary educators can order exam copies of our books.
Tertiary emphasis is on Chinese and Japanese languages.
Some tertiary follicles have layers.
Tertiary functions are potentially utilitarian.
Tertiary funds arise from special funds collected during the semester, and are decided by a vote.
Tertiary hyperparathyroidism can present post-kidney transplantation.
Tertiary hyperplasia occurs when secondary hyperparathyroidism goes arye.
Tertiary indicators relate to data quality criteria.
Tertiary industries provide a service e.g. teaching and nursing.
Tertiary information is synopsized information.
All tertiary institutions have a wide range of undergraduate study programmes.
Tertiary jobs involve providing a service e.g. teaching and nursing.
Tertiary limestones underlie all of Florida and regionally dip gently toward the south and west.
Tertiary literature includes textbooks and guides to the literature.
Tertiary literature involves the building of research tools to organize the literature of a field.
Tertiary motifs consist largely of non-canonical pairings.
All tertiary nitrites have a maximum at ca.
Tertiary operations require three operands.
Tertiary prevention focuses on returning individuals with chronic back pain to work.
Tertiary prevention focuses on returning the client system to wellness following treatment.
Tertiary prevention involves reducing the effects of malnutrition.
Tertiary prevention is aided by early detection.
Tertiary prevention is aimed at reducing the effects of a condition or disorder.
Tertiary prevention is the treatment of infected children to reduce or avoid symptoms.
Tertiary prevention seeks to diminish the incidence of complications of addictive diseases.
Tertiary qualifications are desirable.
Tertiary qualifications are preferable.
Some tertiary qualification is a plus.
Tertiary quests are simply fun extras that have no relation to the main game.
Tertiary responsibility involves general assistance with student academic and support services.
Tertiary sector is the provision of services .
Tertiary sector is the provision of services.
Tertiary sites provide efficient access to the most useful secondary sites.
Tertiary sources are the most common and the most easily accessible.
Tertiary sources collect information from secondary sources for encyclopedias and dictionaries.
Tertiary sources tend to come last in the publication cycle.
All tertiary staff have long experience in reading handwriting.
Tertiary storage is treated as a first class storage medium on which one can build database tables.
Tertiary structure is determined largely by the side chains of the amino acids.
Tertiary structure is formed by further bending and folding.
Tertiary structure is the association of secondary structures.
Tertiary structure results from irregular bonding between side groups of the protein's amino acids.
Tertiary students provide reports on their progress during the year.
Tertiary syphilis is contagion
Tertiary syphilis is most serious when it attacks heart, the brain or the nervous system.
Tertiary syphilis is much rarer now because of antibiotic therapy of early syphilis.
Tertiary syphilis is one of the most dreaded diseases a person can suffer.
Tertiary syphilis is syphilis.
Tertiary syphilis occurs in about half the untreated cases.
Tertiary syphilis requires longer therapy.
Tertiary treatment consists of rehabilitation.
Tertiary treatment involves treatment through sand filters or soil and additional disinfection.
Tertiary treatment is a foot in the right direction.
Tertiary treatment is available at specific clinics in Regina and Saskatoon.
Tertiary treatment is available at specific clinics in the province.
Tertiary treatment is much more expensive to build and operate than secondary treatment.
Tertiary treatment is required to remove additional phosphorus from the water.
Tertiary treatment produces drinkable water and is required for discharge into fresh water bodies.
Tertiary treatment removes additional nutrients, suspended solids and other pollutants.
Tertiary treatment requires further treatment of wastewater to produce much higher quality effluent.
Tertiary treatment using plants completes the ecological cycle.
Tertiary treatments remove specific pollutants to meet regulatory discharge requirements.
Tertiary use is to page individuals who receive emergency telephone calls.
Tertiary vines grow off the secondary vines.
Tertiaries are usually unbranched but occasional dichotomies and anastomoses are present.
Tesla coil is an apparatus for generating very high frequency currents at high potential.
Tesla coils are also neat, throwing out blue bolts of electricity at anything that gets too close.
Tesla coils are electrical devices.
Tesla coils are extremely dangerous and have killed three people.
Tesla coils are fascinating and amazing devices, but they are very dangerous.
Tesla coils are popular science projects because they do bizarre things.
Tesla coils are relatively simple, and resonably easy to construct.
Tesla coils are strange devices - they shoot electricity off into the air.
Tesla coils are transformers.
Tesla coils are unique in the fact that they create extremely powerful electrical fields.
Tesla coils are very popular devices among certain electrical engineers and electronics enthusiasts.
Tesla coils can and have started a number of fires.
Tesla coils use and produce extraordinarily high voltages and currents.
Tesla coils use and produce high voltage electricity.
Tesselated scale is primarily a leaf-infesting soft scale and a greenhouse pest.
A tessellation is decoration
Tessellation is a combination of mathematics and artistic ability.
Tessellation is considered an indication of cold hardiness in bamboo.
Tessellation is the covering of a plane by closed shapes without gaps or overlays.
Tessellation is the process of subdividing a surface into smaller shapes.
Tessellation only happens in for constant style.
Tessellation Strictly speaking tessellations are tiles that cover the plane without gaps or overlap.
Tessellation Strictly speaking, tesselations are tiles that cover the plane without gaps or overlap.
Tessellations are decoration.
Tessellations are drawings where the artist creates pieces that interlock into a puzzle-like shape.
Tessellations are juxtaposition.
Tessellations are patterns formed by repeating tiles all over a flat surface.
Tessellations are shapes that, when fitted together, cover a flat surface with no gaps.
Tessellations are very cool AND demonstrate math concepts.
Tessellations demonstrate the symmetry of shapes and patterns.
Tessellations have many uses for both mathematicians and scientists.
Some tessellations can move.
A tessera is a tile
Tessera also offers prototype design, assembly line consulting, and related services.
Tessera is full of an eclectic and wonderful assortment of images and words.
Tessera is the Greek word for mosaic.
Tessera now serves children from all elementary schools in our community.
Tessera offers a quieter flush and saves six to nine inches of space.
Tesseras are part of mosaic.
Tesseras are tiles.
A tesseract is a cube
Tesseract also provides mainframe based payroll software.
Tesseract brings a proven product and solid customer base to our organization.
Test anxiety can be a real problem.
Test anxiety can come from many things.
Test anxiety can negatively influence academic performance.
Test anxiety is a breeze.
Test anxiety is a feeling of agitation and distress.
Test anxiety is a form of social phobia.
Test anxiety is a learned response to stress.
Test anxiety is a real problem for many students.
Test anxiety is the inability to function productively in math learning situations.
Test anxiety is the result of the fear of negative evaluation.
Test articles are prime candidates for cancellation.
Test automation becomes a self-supporting cycle.
Test automation can itself absorb a significant amount of resources.
Test automation introduces a new resource requirement - test development.
Test automation is a fairly sophisticated technique.
Test automation is beneficial but has a significant learning curve.
Test cards come in strong or weak cryptography versions.
A test case is an action
Test case classes cohabit with classes they test.
Test case classes Simple method manipulation is an important way to test a class.
Test case descriptions Different authors present test cases in different ways.
Test Cases analyze key passages in depth.
Test cases are legal actions.
Test cases are notoriously expensive to fight.
Test cases Designing effective test cases is a challenge for black-box testers.
Test cases flow naturally from use cases and supporting scenarios.
Test cases go through versions, just like everything else.
Test cases record actual results.
Test cases record results.
Test cases use the commands pass and fail to record the test outcome.
All test cases use same basic structure network for testing inheritance.
Every test case is an island.
Every test case requires some minimum initialization of functions and variables.
Most test cases record actual results.
Some test cases are available too.
Test charges are subject to change without notice.
Test cricket is a different ball game.
Test cricket is a tough business.
Test cricket is all about discipline, character and professionalism.
Test cricket is already down to nine.
Test cricket is the heart of the game.
Test cricket is the highest standard of first-class cricket.
Test data are available in the census-income.test file.
Test data can be output for the customer in either numerical or graphical formats.
Test data can illuminate good practices.
Test data continues to be excellent at all levels.
Test data follow presentation of the activities.
Test data indicates a dramatic decrease in exhaust emissions.
Test data is analyzed using recognized statistical methods.
Test data is available on request.
Test data is available to qualified parties upon request.
Test data is available upon request.
Test data is available.
Test data is complete, verified and meets procedure requirements.
Test data is complete, verified, and meets procedure requirements.
Test data is created to be reused and restored at any point during or after a test.
Test data is described and theory is compared with the test data.
Test data is entered on a portable computer and reports are issued to the breeder the same day.
Test data is presented to client for review during testing.
Test data is provided and a mandatory system of measurements is prescribed by the instructor.
Test data is provided district wide and also separated out by gender, ethnicity, and income level.
Test data is provided in both sections.
Test data is recorded in an accompanying laptop personal computer.
Test data is the key.
Test data is used for program improvement and student assessment.
Test data is written to the data acquisition computer hard disk after each scanning cycle.
Test data plays a central role in testing.
Test data shows that the fibrous reinforcement is the component carrying the majority of the load.
All test data are on file and are available for review by authorized persons.
All test data is analyzed and the customer receives a full report.
All test data is backed by a hard copy report sent by first class mail.
All test data is received on a monthly basis.
All test data is reduced by computer and available to the client instantaneously.
Some test data exists that dispute some advertised performance claims.
Some test data is included.
Some test data is supplied here.
Test design is about bug-finding power.
Test design is essential to effectiveness.
A test drive is a road test
Test Drive appears Fridays.
Test Drive is a place for users seeking new tools and products to test.
Test Drive is back and better than ever . . .
Test Drive is back in it better than ever.
Test Drive Starts out competitive, goes one-sided with lots of kicking.
Test drives are available by appointment.
Test drives are drives.
Test drives are hard to come by.
Test drives are human activities.
Test drives expire every few weeks, and are replaced by newer and more exciting versions.
A test driver is a driver
Test drivers feed input to the code under test, then observe the results.
Test engineers are available as needed or required by the customer.
Test engineers are, therefore, using it to build systems that require a high percentage of uptime.
Test engineers can view chamber status from home using a web browser.
Test engineers select or develop the testing apparatus and procedures to be used.
Test environment decides the software and hardware conditions under which a work product is tested.
Test environment is more private and less stressful for test takers.
Most test environments are subsets that can handle only a fraction of the production environment.
Test equipment can aid in the quest for new frequency information.
Test equipment can be a significant source of noise.
Test equipment developed under the program defines the state of the art.
Test equipment Identify the test equipment used to locate faults in computer systems.
Test equipment includes the latest fiber and copper cable testing.
Test equipment installed prior to the blast still remains.
Test equipment is available from equipment room or at workbenches.
Test equipment is available in the laboratory to perform the testing specified in the standard.
Test equipment is calibrated.
Test equipment is equipment
Test equipment is equipment.
Test equipment is located in laboratories.
Test equipment is removed after testing.
Test equipment ranges in size from bench-top to industrial scale production equipment.
Test equipment related to the bituminous materials generates a considerable amount of heat.
Most test equipment is designed to measure and indicate decibels directly.
Test excavations indicate humans used the cave over a long period of time.
Test images are available for most formats supported by the library.
Test leads are large cables with rugged high-current clamps.
Test lights can sometimes blow delicate electronics.
Test management tends to pay more attention to the technical than the management issues.
Test marketing can take two forms.
Test marketing is underway eliminating the ice, keeping produce cold via refrigeration only.
Test marketing is what critique groups are all about.
A test match is a match
Test matches are the top international matches played between countries.
Test methods are available for assessing the suitability of many other products.
Test methods are available in papercopy and some are also available on CD-ROM with search software.
Test methods are tests related to corrosion prevention and control.
Test methods produce results.
Most test methods produce results.
Test of significance is T-test.
A test pilot is a pilot
Test pilots are pilots.
Test pilots are preferred.
Test pilots have a litmus test for evaluating problems.
Test pilots leave and change their employers nearly every month.
Test pilots risk their lives when they fly a new airplane on it's first flight.
Test plan includes the suggested test methodology and approach.
Test plan templates.
Test plans are basically on schedule.
Test planning can begin as soon as the project is initiated.
Test planning can take place in parallel with requirements, design, and coding.
Test points are handy.
Test points are well distributed and representative of the terrain.
Test points can be either analog or digital signals.
Test points come loose or reeled, and in high or low profile configurations.
Test preparation begins the first day of class.
Test preparation destroys spontaneous speech .
Test preparation falls short of the mark.
Test preparation includes computer-assisted instruction in clinical simulation exams.
Test preparation is a part of that strategy.
Test preparation is an important part of the process.
Test preparation is no small production.
Test preparation is vital to success.
All test preparation is free.
Test prototype flies in the sink to be sure they swim properly.
Test records are automatically assigned and records of each testing campaign retained.
Test score provides evidence of in-depth understanding in the academic content area tested.
Test score shows evidence of skills necessary for progress in the academic area tested.
Test score shows evidence of skills necessary for progress in the academic content area tested.
Test scores affect employment.
Test scores are a key measure of accountability.
Test scores are about the same as areas close by.
Test scores are absolutely average.
Test scores are advisory only.
Test scores are also higher than in most Santa Ana schools.
Test scores are also necessary for admission to the university.
Test scores are among the lowest.
Test scores are an excellent measure of a school's success.
Test scores are an important component of a good educational system.
Test scores are another example.
Test scores are at all-time highs.
Test scores are available approximately six weeks after the test date.
Test scores are available for both counties.
Test scores are dependent on resources, parent income, and other demographics.
Test scores are down and crime is up in the public schools.
Test scores are down or stagnant.
Test scores are down, cost overruns are up, and public trust is shaken.
Test scores are down.
Test scores are due by the appropriate application deadline.
Test scores are good for a period of two years.
Test scores are high, attendance is high and students are motivated.
Test scores are higher, total immersion is in place and integrated math is out.
Test scores are horrible.
Test scores are imperfect indicators of achievement.
Test scores are important, but represent only one piece of information.
Test scores are important, but so are standards and excellence in our society.
Test scores are important, primarily as to how they compliment grades.
Test scores are indeed up dramatically in Houston, as they are throughout Texas.
Test scores are information pointing to what's working and what needs to be changed.
Test scores are just one aspect of a student's file.
Test scores are just one factor among many.
Test scores are just one measure.
Test scores are logged into an anonymized database.
Test scores are normally available one week after testing.
Test scores are now available.
Test scores are often important as well.
Test scores are on the rise.
Test scores are one indicator used to measure our success.
Test scores are one more tool by which to evaluate an applicant.
Test scores are one of several criteria used to make admissions decisions.
Test scores are one of the most controversial areas of education coverage.
Test scores are only one aspect of a student's file.
Test scores are only one kind of data about attainment.
Test scores are only one measure of educational success.
Test scores are only one method of assessing student achievement.
Test scores are only part of the criteria considered.
Test scores are remarkably high.
Test scores are sensitive to environmental change.
Test scores are simply snapshots of performance at a given point in time.
Test scores are still very low.
Test scores are straight percentages with a final grade reflecting a cumulative percentage.
Test scores are the major factor the state uses to grade schools.
Test scores are up and drop-out rates are down.
Test scores are up and the school is now a magnet for public and private funding.
Test scores are up in most school districts in the United States.
Test scores are up under a renewed emphasis on reading, writing and math.
Test scores are up, and attendance is as well.
Test scores are up, and climbing.
Test scores are up, and stress is down.
Test scores are up, as is parental satisfaction.
Test scores are up, as is retention.
Test scores are up, but questions about the quality of public schooling persist.
Test scores are up.
Test scores are usually available within three weeks.
Test scores are usually just part of the grade.
Test scores are valid for a period of five years.
Test scores are valid for a period of one year.
Test scores are valid for five years from date of exam.
Test scores are valid for five years from the date of anticipated entrance.
Test scores are valid for four years and repeater scores are averaged.
Test scores are valid for four years.
Test scores are valid for one year from the date of the test.
Test scores are valid for one year.
Test scores are valid for only two years.
Test scores are valid for placement purposes for three years.
Test scores are valid for three years.
Test scores are valid for two consecutive semesters.
Test scores are valid for two years from test date.
Test scores are valid for two years from time of testing to date of application, unless noted below.
Test scores are valid for two years only.
Test scores are valid for two years.
Test scores are valid only for two years for any of the tests listed above.
Test scores are valid only if completed within two years prior to application for admission.
Test scores are valid three years.
Test scores are valuable as one factor of many in making such decisions.
Test scores are very low.
Test scores are vital to scoring a schoola and that school getting a higher budget.
Test scores are way up.
Test scores are well above national norms.
Test scores become like sports scores or the daily reports on the stock market.
Test scores become the method for determining which students are promoted.
Test scores can be an indicator of what our children are learning in school.
Test scores can be no more than five years old.
Test scores can be no more than three years old.
Test scores can be particularly central to students' fate.
Test scores can become the goal rather than the love of learning.
Test scores can determine our future.
Test scores can tell only so much about children's abilities.
Test scores come in second. . . .
Test scores come out during summer break.
Test scores come too late in the year to adjust what's happening in the classroom.
Test scores continue to be poor while metal detectors are found in the more violent schools.
Test scores continue to improve and are well above the state and national averages.
Test scores continue to rise.
Test scores determine admission and eligibility for scholarships at most accredited colleges.
Test scores determine placement in developmental courses.
Test scores determine which specific classes best match students' capabilities.
Test scores dip.
Test scores exceed state averages.
Test scores figure prominently in that assessment.
Test scores flow from the schools' overt curriculum.
Test scores go down in the United States the more U.S. students study math and science.
Test scores go down.
Test scores go up, and learning improves by almost any other measure.
Test scores go up, graduation rates go up, attendance in college goes up.
Test scores go up.
Test scores have meaning only in the context of the whole child.
Test scores have motivated school staff as well.
Test scores have the appearance of a bottom line.
Test scores improve after state abandons bilingual education.
Test scores improve.
Test scores indicate achievements well above national, state, and regional levels.
Test scores indicate that our students rank well above regional, state, and national averages.
Test scores indicate that students are excelling.
Test scores indicate that the extra attention has made a difference.
Test scores prove that things are getting worse by the year.
Test scores provide evidence of in-depth understanding.
Test scores provide little useful information to help improve instruction and students' learning.
Test scores range from one to five.
Test scores reflect students' learning both in school and outside of school.
Test scores reflect the efforts of teachers, parents, and studens alike.
Test scores remain clustered in failing zones.
Test scores remain consistently high.
Test scores remain steady, even as grade point averages rise.
Test scores remain valid for two years without the student needing to be retested.
Test scores say no.
Test scores seem to be on everybody's minds lately.
Test scores show evidence of at least one major flaw in understanding.
Test scores show evidence of major misconceptions or gaps in knowledge and skills tested.
Test scores show evidence of skills necessary for progress in reading.
Test scores show kids today think of math much more creatively than their parents ever did.
Test scores show state students are in the middle of the pack worldwide.
Test scores show students are learning more.
Test scores show their achievement.
Test scores stay low, and review materials become staples for the stream of newly arriving students.
Test scores suggest as much.
Test scores supplement the other credentials in evaluating applicants.
Test scores support the author's position that American educational standards have declined.
Test scores take four to six weeks to be reported to colleges and to students.
All test scores are a private matter.
All test scores are confidential.
All test scores are permanent.
All test scores are subject to a five-year time limitation from the date of examination.
All test scores are subject to a five-year time limitation from the date of the examination.
All test scores are subject to a five-year time limitation.
All test scores are valid for five years.
All test scores are valid for one year from the last date taken.
Every test score contains an error of measurement.
Every test score is thought to have two components.
Test screening is next week.
Test scripts are available on request.
Test sets are data from the database that are hold out during training.
Test sets come with their own operating instructions.
Test sites are in five commercial apple and pear growing areas in California, Oregon and Washington.
Test sites being explored include finger tips, cuticle, finger web, forearm and ear lobe.
Test sites can change.
Many test sites provide free testing and counseling.
Some test sites are the size of one hundred football pitches.
Some test sites do the tests confidentially, while others are anonymous.
Test stands are Certified yearly.
Test statistics are for compartments.
Test Strip is a mighty fine product for color management.
Test strip is a trial and error method of calculating exposure in photographic printing.
Test strip offers a variety of views that display effects before they are applied.
Test Strip takes the basic idea behind Variations and makes it useful for professionals.
Test strips are at minimum comparable in accuracy to liquid color comparator tests.
Test strips are available for a wide selection of parameters, with new strips being added regularly.
Test strips are available from most vendors that supply chemicals.
Test strips are expensive and hard to come by.
Test strips are so expensive.
Test strips are to be disposed with normal paper waste.
Test strips have a definite shelf life.
Test strips provide visual backup.
All test strips are disposable and can be used only once.
Test subjects are mice, ants, and yeast cells.
Test subjects are only human, especially little boys.
Test subjects cover many academic courses.
Test subjects fitted with a wireless headset take a seat to view a video on a TV screen.
Test subjects report a noticeable smoothing of lines and wrinkles.
Test subjects report loss of identity and feelings of total dislocation from human world.
Test subjects wear halves of ping-pong balls over their eyes while white noise plays in earphones.
Most test subjects say they are aware of something involving actual movement to answer the question.
Test suites are very costly in time and effort to produce and to maintain.
Test suites can also contain other test suites.
Test tones are optional.
Test tools are sophisticated pieces of software.
A test tube is a tube
Test tubes are among the most common of requirements for lab supplies.
Test tubes are located in chemistry labs.
Test tubes are located in laboratories.
Test tubes are tubes.
Test tubes contain- ing beans of the same weight are placed in the same vertical row.
Test tubes contain liquids.
Test tubes contain mixture.
Test tubes go in racks.
Test tubes present many challenging issues for labeling.
Test tubes work quite well if some are available.
Most test tubes contain liquids.
Most test tubes contain mixture.
Some test tubes contain radioactive substances.
Some test tubes contain sea water.
Some test tubes contain substances.
Some test tubes contain suspensions.
Some test tubes contain water.
Some test tubes fill with water.
Some test tubes have chemicals that separate cells from plasma to prevent contamination.
Some test tubes have sodium bicarbonate.
Test validity is enhanced since the entire test is performed with eyes open.
Test Valley is a chalky downland course set in the heart of beautiful Hampshire countryside.
Test weight is also above average.
Test weight is average and height is short.
Test weight is average, height is taller and maturity is earlier than average.
Test weight is determined on each load of grain sold by weighing a known volume of the grain.
Test weight is lower while kernel weight is higher than last year.
Test weight is lower while kernel weight is similar compared to last year.
Test weight is lowered considerably depending on degree of immaturity.
Test weight is medium.
Test weight is medium-low.
Test weight is the weight per volume measurement.
Test weight is very good and baking quality is satisfactory.
Test weight tends to be slightly less than most comparable spring wheat varieties.
Test weights are above average and seed size is large.
Test weights are good, but kernel size can be variable, as the spike tapers to the end.
Test weights are good.
Test weights are highest when harvested at that moisture.
Test weights are lower than average.
A test is an experiment
Test appears to be very reliable except when heartworm burden is low.
Test are a tool among a whole battery of other tools.
Test are all multiple-choice.
Test are available that measure the amount of dieldrin in blood, fat, breast milk, and body tissues.
Test are available to measure mercury levels in the body.
Test are free and confidential.
Test are graded and the results immediately available.
Test are usually in two parts.
Test are usually on a weekly to a ten day interval.
Test are, after all, a measure of success.
Test assesses the relative density of the soil.
Test assumes a line load with a minimum of contact area.
Test begins working the back, and eventually goes to a bearhug.
Test can now determine genetic problems before a child is born.
Test can often be the slowest part of a manufacturing cycle.
Test clearly is an enabling technology for our customers.
Test comes back false positive.
Test contains analytical and problem-solving exercises.
Test continues with operators removing remaining defences.
Test covers dos skills and general hardware diagnosis.
Test covers prior readings and lectures.
Test covers readings and lectures since last lecture test.
TEST creates accurate circuit description files in minutes.
Test dates TBA later.
Test detects abnormal hemoglobin formation.
Test detects disorders of glucose metabolism.
Test detects vitamin-C deficiency.
Test drains by filling up sinks and releasing the stoppers and by flushing toilets.
Test drive a canoe, try sporting clays, learn to flyfish.
Test drive a car before buying it.
Test drive a class.
Test drive a doctor.
Test drive a dream car.
Test drive a few of the devices from the major players and see how they stack up.
Test drive a free demo online .
Test drive a free project center today.
Test drive a sample chapter.
Test drive a short sample.
Test drive a sports car together.
Test drive a telecommunications system.
Test drive a very expensive sports car, go jet skiing, skydiving.
Test drive all the leading search tools online.
Test drive an applet version of the program.
Test drive an employee.
Test Drive any site without incurring wireless airtime charges.
Test drive it as much as possible on a small scale to discover the glitches.
Test Drive it Here .
Test drive it now.
Test drive it today.
Test drive it too.
Test drive it with the FREE trial demo site.
Test drive it.
Test drive many cars, especially the beat up ones.
Test drive one of our online insurance courses.
Test drive our demo procurement system and see how everything works.
Test drive our demos.
Test drive our free online demonstration.
Test drive our full featured message board system to find out more.
Test drive our fully searchable database.
Test drive our interactive demos.
Test drive our low-rate car loans .
Test drive our new membership system.
Test Drive our new menu to see what is available under each category.
Test Drive our new online catalog which includes secure server ordering .
Test drive our new web site .
Test drive our online account information.
Test drive our process.
Test drive our sample forum.
Test drive our simple example .
Test Drive our websites and ride home a winner.
Test drive The accuracy of tools used to measure response time is easy to determine.
Test drive the assignment.
Test drive the car and check for any oil leaks.
Test drive the car before paying in advance.
Test drive the car before purchasing it.
Test drive the car before talking money.
Test drive the car for thirty to forty-five minutes.
Test drive the car.
Test drive the college.
Test drive the demo and download the evaluation edition today.
Test drive the entrepreneurial life.
Test drive the home page, project page and download.
Test drive the latest in motor vehicle fashion.
Test drive the machine.
Test drive the new features.
Test drive the new pavilion first, fly in earlier.
Test drive the new, revised site .
Test drive the pram or stroller.
Test drive the products, listen to brief demonstrations, and query the instructors.
Test drive the software with average people.
Test drive the systems.
Test drive the tractor to check brake operation.
Test drive the vehicle again to be sure it is working properly.
Test drive the vehicle and listen for squeaks and rattles.
Test drive the vehicle and, if possible, have it inspected by a mechanic.
Test drive the vehicle under varied road conditions.
Test drive the vehicle.
Test drives vehicles before repair to verify problems and after repair to verify performance.
Test driving before purchase is always a good idea.
Test emphasizes comprehension, advanced and complex problem solving and analysis.
Test ends at the first break in form.
Test evaluates fat metabolism.
Test evaluates glucose metabolism.
Test fails if an image is missing or has incorrect size.
Test feeds and forages for levels of copper, molybdenum and sulfur.
Test fights back with right hands and a clothesline.
Test fit the bottom.
Test fit the camber brace bracket on the shock tower.
Test fit the curved sections of the side-bearing box to the telescope tube.
Test fit the cut stones.
Test fit the decks in combination several times.
Test fit the door frame in the rough opening.
Test fit the form.
Test fit the new piece and sand or finish the ends until it fits properly.
Test fit the new shingle and mark two nail holes on it at the gap created by the upper shingles.
Test fit the new shingle and marks two nail holes on it at the gap created by the upper shingles.
Test fit the new tile to make sure it fits properly in the space.
Test fit the other brush cap in a similar manner.
Test fit the panel and trim the hole as needed with a drywall rasp.
Test fit the sight, but be careful.
Test fit the splash guard to the contour of the fascia.
Test fit the superstructure to the hull several times and adjust the tabs on the hull.
Test fit the tubes to ensure that they slide in easily.
Test fit the two top drawers.
Test fit the valve into the hole.
Test fit the valve over the line and position the ring to meet the threads.
Test fit the window to make sure it is the correct size before installing.
Test fits into existing building.
Test follows up with a backdrop, and then a gutwrench slam for a two count.
Test follows with a high backdrop and drills a powerbomb for two.
Test fry a patty to check the seasoning.
Test gets progressively faster as student gets better.
Test goes here.
TEST goes to great length in making the daemons user friendly.
TEST guides a user throughout a solution.
Test have yet to find true.
Test helps assess liver and biliary-tract function.
Test helps determine if the body is accumulating excessive amounts of iron.
Test helps determine the balance of salt and water in the body.
Test helps evaluate pancreas function.
Test helps predict breast cancer recurrence.
Test hits a gutwrench into a powerbomb.
Test hits a hard baseball slide.
Test hits an elbow and a full nelson slam.
TEST includes all forms from design verification to device test to board test.
Test includes assay of all mitochondrial carboxylases in high and low biotin.
Test includes prompt for Calcium, so client can provide their own calcium results.
Test indicate stuck on.
Test indicates a woman's physiologic response to pregnancy.
TEST indicates road tests.
Test involves measuring amount of heat given off by different areas of the breast.
Test is a four-letter word for most high school students.
Test is a key part of such a design.
Test is a latex agglutination procedure.
Test is a major subdivision of an examination.
Test is a number is even.
Test is a number is odd.
Test is a profile name used as anexample.
Test is a punk, roody poo, etc.
Test is a reading test, testing all four core areas.
Test is a risk-free offer for scouters who want to test our products.
Test is a software-test program.
Test is about to start.
Test is always available for multiple submission by the same student.
Test is an easy to use hair test sent for lab analysis.
Test is an empty directory.
Test is an inconspicuous place for safe use.
Test is broad based and basic in nature.
TEST is built ground up in an object-oriented manner.
Test is compiled into a standalone file.
Test is conducted online.
Test is currently available only in the paper and pencil format.
Test is currently under way.
Test is designed to measure lubricant's ability to handle heat and load.
Test is Distributed.
Test is done almost exclusively on men.
Test is easy to perform, but interpretation is difficult.
Test is easy, and data is downloadable from yahoo-finance.
Test is for the mature adult.
Test is free of interference and independent of redox value.
Test is free.
Test is given for the first time in third grade.
Test is given in two days, one session each day.
Test is given on a variety of black diamond mogul runs.
Test is given only on the scheduled date.
Test is graded and correct answers are given.
Test is graded and explanation for correct answers are given.
Test is in control early and lands a big clothesline in the corner.
Test is made of silica.
Test is mandatory in most states.
Test is neither a requirement nor an obstacle to take part in the competition.
Test is open book, open notes.
Test is open book.
TEST is open to anyone with an interest in Tennessee earth science, especially teachers.
Test is performed daily.
Test is performed in sequence and in accordance with written procedure.
Test is performed on a treadmill-like machine called a dynamometer.
Test is performed once per week.
Test is positive if pink or violet color develops.
Test is 'reasonableness'.
Test is repeated on the other eye.
Test is repeated on the other leg.
Test is sent into the steps and knocked over the railing.
Test is slippery.
Test is sold as a kit.
Test is sold as a kit-is scored and evaluated by test administrator.
Test is still best .
Test is stored and performed at room temperature.
Test is taken at end of course.
Test is the data set described in class for classifying sunburns.
Test is the expression used by the for statement to control the number of iterations of the loop.
Test is the gold standard for diabetes treatment.
Test Is the most commonly used urinalysis.
Test is the next step.
Test is the problem shared by the objective and main character ' s stories.
Test is the rigorous verification demonstrating compliance.
Test is to include operation on backup power where provided.
Test is to include operation on backup power.
Test is tomorrow.
Test is tough.
TEST is universally accessible.
Test is used for experimentation, understanding setups, and trying out approaches.
Test is used to measure a student's ability in math, verbal comprehension, and problem solving.
Test is usually done at the same time calcium level is determined.
Test is usually one of the first performed to evaluate suspected fertility problems in men.
Test is valid if it has been done within the last three months prior to volunteering.
Test is very expensive and is getting more so as both test equipment costs and test times increase.
Test isa measurement.
Test lands a clothesline to gain control.
Test leads anb battery included.
Test leads that have shrouded connectors and finger guards.
Test Leads to large, screw terminal capacitors.
Test lug A lug cast as a part of the casting and later removed for testing purposes.
Test measures a group of proteins that fight infection.
Test measures presence of spherocytes and spheroidal cells.
Test misses the big boot and gets chokeslammed.
Test misses the pump handle slam but misses.
Test mount the tray on top of the spreaders.
Test needs test procedures and schematics on paper.
TEST offers several shortcuts for advanced users.
Test Opens a test screen for testing the connection with the timeserver.
Test operates unit to ensure equipment functions according to manufacturer's specifications.
Test permits examination of a joint.
Test pillows warmth.
TEST produces a detailed report of the solution separating what is given from what is calculated.
Test protocol a list of the steps to be followed in the test.
TEST provides a single source for a variety of environmental services.
TEST provides a variety of information on India's environmental market.
Test render the scene to preview the lighting.
Test reports from around the world, comment, scores and links.
Test reports on the materials utilised in the manufacture of White Mountain backpacks.
Test reports Pending.
TEST requests asymptotic tests for measures of association and agreement.
Test requires at least one quart of media submitted in a plastic bag.
Test requires five blood samples and usually five urine specimens.
Test requires no special surroundings.
Test requires one item record with two subrecords.
Test requires one patron and three hundred or more charges.
Test requires one unlinked item record with two subrecords.
Test requires one withdrawn item record.
Test requires only one drop of serum, plasma, or whole blood.
Test requires spatial conception, immediate recall, visuomotor reproduction.
Test requires subjective analysis by section head.
Test requires the creation of a new bibliographic record with a format type U and a record type p.
Test requires three blood samples and one injection.
Test requires two processing units and one item record.
Test results analysis.
Test results Finally, the section with the results.
Test results The following results are confirmed.
Test results with and without the sensor active in lab and with major processor.
Test resumes with reduction in power.
Test ride a recumbent for a new experience.
Test ride a variety of bikes.
Test ride the bike.
Test rides available.
Test run only.
Test runs nos.
Test runs on commercial trunk builds.
Test runs programs.
Test runs with a non-zero fixed size cache cause the cache replacement policy to be exercised.
Test scores themselves bear little significant relationship to lifetime earnings success.
Test scores up.
Test scoring scanners and software also are available.
Test scrape a small area to determine the depth of penetration.
Test screens central area of vision.
Test sew on machine.
Test show no blockage of the coarnery artries.
Test shows good, fair or poor tubes.
Test shows it stimulates the adrenal glands to produce increased metabolism and enhance energy.
TEST shows the background images as a sample page.
Test simply determines the level of magnetism.
Test simulates celestial point source.
Test specimens consist of flat, weld, and tapered parts.
Test spray an area to determine proper spray distance.
Test stands and installations for testing and analyzing the mechanical properties of materials.
Test stands for hot-fire testing of rocket engines.
Test stems and stalks.
Test stems of plants.
Test stops when first match found.
Test strip a chemically treated strip to which a drop of blood is applied.
Test strips to verify the concentration of sanitizer.
Test switches to make sure the power is off.
Test takes advantage and attacks from behind.
Test takes approximately two minutes and is hand scorable.
Test takes less than one minute.
Test taking and scoring are highly susceptible to error.
Test Taking Being a good test taker is part strategy and part knowing the material.
Test taking errors apply to the way the student takes the test.
Test taking is very much a part of student life on a university campus.
Test taking skills are important for success in college.
Test taking strategies are absolutes in college.
Test taking strategies can improve performance.
Test then hits the big boot and wins.
TEST Try it.
Test turn the ball-bearing.
Test validate the results of problem-solving.
Test well is started.
Tests accompany each review lesson.
Tests accumulate on ocean floor as silica ooze.
Tests adapt to the skill level of the user and more useful features can be found on the site.
Tests adequately cover the code and data.
Tests administered are in the areas of writing, reading, math, citizenship and science.
Tests advance automatically at the touch of a button.
Tests allow candidates to be evaluated purely on merit.
Tests allow detection.
Tests allow growth.
Tests allow identification.
Tests allow students to deduce the effectiveness of their work, decisions, and reasoning.
Tests allow teachers and students to assess student comprehension of an entire tutorial lesson.
Tests alone can never adequately measure a quality education.
Tests already exist to check a fetus for sickle cell during pregnancy.
Tests also are available on the internet.
Tests also become more powerful as the situation gets worse.
Tests also make it possible to compare an individual with others.
Tests also show a significant change in attitude concerning underage drinking.
Tests also show that black type on a white background reads better than the reverse.
Tests also show that the covers often leak badly.
Tests also take time away from lecture and other more positive learning experiences.
Tests analyze the function and killing capacity of the phagocytic cells.
Tests appear well formulated and results accurate.
Tests appear well formulated and the results, accurate.
Tests Apply the theoretical concepts in human lives.
Tests are a challenge.
Tests are a combination of brief response questions, such as definitions, and short essays.
Tests are a combination of essay and short answer type questions.
Tests are a combination of multiple choice, matching and short answer essay questions.
Tests are a combination of multiple choice, short answers questions, and definitions.
Tests are a double-edged sword.
Tests are a piece of cake.
Tests are a set-up for failure.
Tests are a traditional way of assessing student learning.
Tests are a vehicle for what appears to be a straightforward and well-intentioned policy.
Tests are a very poor indicator of whether an individual has really learned something.
Tests are against the tobacco bud worm and cabbage looper on cotton, tomato, and leafy vegetables.
Tests are all at their grade level.
Tests are all essay.
Tests are all tests.
Tests are almost never exhaustive.
Tests are almost non-existent.
Tests are already in progress for calls to international locations while roaming.
Tests are already underway at Chalk River.
Tests are also an important component of each course.
Tests are also by chapters and have the answers.
Tests are also divided, in separate volumes, into nine subject areas.
Tests are also to be included.
Tests are always different.
Tests are always open book.
Tests are an additional charge.
Tests are an application of skills practiced in class, in lab, and on homework.
Tests are an essential part of that reform.
Tests are an important and serious aspect of the learning process.
Tests are an important part of an evaluation, but they are only a piece.
Tests are an unavoidable part of school life.
Tests are antithetical to learning.
Tests are appropriate for use in placement and evaluation.
Tests are appropriate for use with infants, children, adolescents, and adults.
Tests are at best indications, hints, estimations, rough guideposts and generalistic suggestions.
Tests are attempts.
Tests are available all year.
Tests are available around the clock to support patient care in every unit of the hospital.
Tests are available by chapter.
Tests are available for at least three days.
Tests are available for characters, strings, lists, and numbers.
Tests are available for children, adolescents, adults and older adults.
Tests are available for experienced touch typists to increase speed and accuracy.
Tests are available for only four weeks.
Tests are available for operators, technicians, maintenance workers, and other craft personnel.
Tests are available for PCBs in blood, body fat, and breast milk.
Tests are available for use on urine or serum samples for certain drugs.
Tests are available from several sources.
Tests are available in a wide variety of academic departments.
Tests are available in English and Spanish.
Tests are available in French, German, Japanese, Latin, Russian, and Spanish.
Tests are available in large-print form.
Tests are available in several languages and formats.
Tests are available in various areas of the arts and sciences, as well as in business.
Tests are available nearly every day of the year, except Sundays and holidays.
Tests are available on software, through consulting agencies and through the mail.
Tests are available online.
Tests are available paper based or computer based.
Tests are available that measure the amount of cresols in the urine.
Tests are available that some experts claim can detect a leaky gut.
Tests are available through doctors that can confirm chemical and hormonal changes.
Tests are available to certify proficiency in a wide variety of languages.
Tests are available to check progesterone levels.
Tests are available to check the ketone levels of milk and urine.
Tests are available to determine antibiotic residues in milk.
Tests are available to determine if milk sugar is being absorbed normally.
Tests are available to determine recent high exposures to fluorides.
Tests are available to determine whether someone has a genetic predisposition to the disease.
Tests are available to diagnose the disease.
Tests are available to identify carriers.
Tests are available to measure antimony levels in the body.
Tests are available to measure boron levels in blood and urine.
Tests are available to measure cobalt levels in the urine and blood.
Tests are available to measure endosulfan levels in the body.
Tests are available to measure mercury levels in the body.
Tests are available to measure PCBs in the blood, body fat, and breast milk.
Tests are available to understand individual strength n weakness.
Tests are bad because they foster a competitive spirit that is unhealthy and immoral.
Tests are before and after any self cures.
Tests are between the sliding bars.
Tests are both essay and identification or short answer and include a midterm and a final.
Tests are by chapters and have the answers.
Tests are cheap and attractive, and they allow the facade of objectivity to rank kids and schools.
Tests are cheap and easy to do.
Tests are clear, appropriate, and challenging.
Tests are closed book and closed note.
Tests are closed book and closed notes.
Tests are closed book exams with no notes of any kind.
Tests are closed book exams with no notes.
Tests are closed book.
Tests are closed books and notes.
Tests are closed books, closed notes, and closed neighbors.
Tests are closed note and closed book.
Tests are closed-book .
Tests are closed-book tests and can only be taken once.
Tests are computer graded and curved by percentages.
Tests are computer graded.
Tests are configurable separately and by card type.
Tests are consumable.
Tests are costly and very time consuming.
Tests are covering.
Tests are cross-referenced with the groups of tests of which they form a part.
Tests are cumulative insofar as they apply to that particular area.
Tests are currently available for only a subset of our most popular tests.
Tests are definitely artificial situations.
Tests are designed by north carolina teachers.
Tests are designed by teachers.
Tests are done to see how good a match the donor 's organ of tissue is to the proposed host .
Tests are done to see how good a match the donor's organ of tissue is to the proposed host.
Tests are due as indicated on the class schedule .
Tests are easy to maintain and update using any text editor.
Tests are easy.
Tests are economical and covered by insurance.
Tests are either subjective or objective.
Tests are either take home, or open note, open book.
Tests are every fifth lesson.
Tests are executable requirements.
Tests are expensive and an embarrassing lost of face if they uncover failure.
Tests are facts to be dealt with.
Tests are fair.
Tests are fallible.
Tests are fast and simple with visually dramatic and technically accurate results.
Tests are Free and use the new rapid technology.
Tests are free No appts.
Tests are free Testing is anonymous No appts.
Tests are free.
Tests are frequent, very frequent in the last term.
Tests are generally multiple-choice questions .
Tests are generally stressful situations.
Tests are gifts.
Tests are given by colleges and universities, so check on costs.
Tests are hard.
Tests are helpful, but they also have limitations.
Tests are here to stay.
Tests are highly specialized and complicated.
Tests are important and unique.
Tests are important measurements of student learning, but the time spent on testing is a concern.
Tests are important, especially to school children.
Tests are important.
Tests are in class open book.
Tests are in essay form.
Tests are in progress to determine what species of Armillaria are present.
Tests are in progress.
Tests are in the form of take-home projects.
Tests are in the same language as the implementation.
Tests are in-class and closed notes and books.
Tests are inexpensive and easy to do.
Tests are intrinsically imperfect, and psychologists tend to be quite honest about the shortcomings.
Tests are job related if they test whether an applicant or employee can perform the job in question.
Tests are job specific with some developed by outside agencies.
Tests are just a part of the measure of the school.
Tests are just hints.
Tests are just one tool of assessment.
Tests are just one tool to help ensure an informed hiring decision is made.
Tests are likely to include a biopsy.
Tests are limited to one per phone number per day.
Tests are located in laboratories.
Tests are mandatory.
Tests Are Misused and Misinterpreted.
Tests are most useful for people who have recently been exposed to high levels.
Tests are mostly multiple choice with no time limit.
Tests are much better.
Tests are multiple choice and essay examinations.
Tests are multiple choice and short answer.
Tests are multiple choice and take-home essays.
Tests are multiple choice and usually ten questions in length.
Tests are multiple choice in format with an occasional essay question at the end.
Tests are multiple choice, define, explain, describe, matching, and problems.
Tests are multiple choice.
Tests are multiple-choice.
Tests are negative at the primate center.
Tests are never too hard.
Tests are non competetive and include land, water, and tracking.
Tests are non destructive.
Tests are now underway in South Carolina.
Tests are now underway to approve magnetic-optical disks.
Tests are now underway to try to get DNA out of the nanobacteria.
Tests are now underway using other possible probe compounds.
Tests are objective and hands-on activities.
Tests are objective and non-cumulative.
Tests are objective covering material from the chapters and lectures.
Tests are of two types- diagnostic and screening.
Tests are often a problem.
Tests are on paper.
Tests are one way students can earn college credit by examination.
Tests are ongoing.
Tests are only one facet of a sound assessment program.
Tests are only one part of the grading system for most subjects.
Tests are only one way of assessing students.
Tests are only one way to look at children's achievement.
Tests are only useful if they are used to improve student learning.
Tests are open book and open notes.
Tests are open book in a multiple choice form.
Tests are open book, notes, etc.
Tests are open book, open note, and PC on.
Tests are open book.
Tests are open notes and closed book.
Tests are oral, written and hands-on.
Tests are over, and it's time to go.
Tests are painless, quick, and inexpensive.
Tests are partly enter into the computer and partly done on paper and mailed in.
Tests are performance-based and individuals interact within the test environment to complete tasks.
Tests are powerful policy tools for educational improvement.
Tests are powerful.
Tests are pretty hard.
Tests are primarily objective, and they count equally towards the final grade.
Tests are primarily short essay.
Tests are private, if requested.
Tests are quick and simple to perform.
Tests are rapidly accessible.
Tests are rare.
Tests are reproducible.
Tests are reserve and on the Web.
Tests are rigorous, targeting all the objectives for the courses covered.
Tests are safe and private.
Tests are secure throughout the testing process.
Tests are self-administered and can be taken once daily.
Tests are semi-comprehensive in nature.
Tests are sensitive to school quality differences.
Tests are serious business in China, and only a lucky few obtain coveted places at a university.
Tests are short answer and quantitative.
Tests are short answer, fill in the blank and essay.
Tests are simply more cost-effective than fully funding schools.
Tests are simply samples of performance taken under standardized conditions.
Tests are simulations of the actual exam.
Tests are simulations of the acual exam.
Tests are simulations.
Tests are single-vendor tests.
Tests are site-specific, using organisms and water actually derived from the study site of interest.
Tests are society's gates.
Tests are sometimes tricky.
Tests are standardized procedures for measuring a sample of behavior.
Tests are subject to change.
Tests are subject to insufficient public accountability.
Tests are suitable for human resources, medical diagnostics and clinical neuropsychological use.
Tests are take home and are to be done as individuals.
Tests are take home mailed back to the instructor.
Tests are take home.
Tests are taken on classroom computers and progress is recorded.
Tests are tests that are taken in lieu of a credit course.
Tests are tests.
Tests are the basis for judging a child's intelligence.
Tests are the best way to measure student progress.
Tests are the exception, naturally.
Tests are the main thinking strategy every teacher uses.
Tests are the natural exception.
Tests are the traditionally used instruments for measuring the development of cognitive skills.
Tests are thorough, long, and hard.
Tests are to be completed during one class session.
Tests are to be kept by the supervisor until administered.
Tests are to be made up prior to the next class meeting.
Tests are to be recommended only if they have an impact on the outcomes listed below.
Tests are to be taken at the time assigned unless the instructor approves another time.
Tests are to be taken at their stated times.
Tests are to be taken during the first day's return.
Tests are to be taken on the assigned date.
Tests are to be taken on the assigned day.
Tests are to be taken on the day they are scheduled in the calendar.
Tests are to be taken with one's own knowledge development and learning as the goal.
Tests are to be taken with pencil or non-red pen.
Tests are to be written in pen only.
Tests are to begin in autumn.
Tests are too easy.
Tests are too hard.
Tests are too short to assess a driver s abilities.
Tests are tools for educators and employers.
Tests are tools that are frequently used to facilitate the evaluation process.
Tests are tools.
Tests are traceable to a test outline.
Tests are under way in Erie County in New York and in Minnesota.
Tests are under way on a pill that appears to cure one of the most common types of leukemia .
Tests are under way to determine how far tritium-contaminated water extends from the lab.
Tests are under way to determine if the cause of the pneumonia is legionella.
Tests are under way to see if the technology can detect common infections.
Tests are under way.
Tests are underway fabricating a section of the camera.
Tests are underway to determine if the double-peaked emission lines indeed arise in a disk.
Tests are underway to determine the cause of the die-off.
Tests are underway to determine the feed value of the self-collected prepupae.
Tests are underway to evaluate replacing lead shields with stainless steel.
Tests are underway wherein both methods are used over a range of l values, and results compared.
Tests are underway.
Tests are unfair.
Tests Are Unfair.
Tests are used in a great many situations.
Tests are useful tools for measuring how well students are doing.
Tests are usually longer than other work, so they naturally weight themselves heavier.
Tests are usually necessary to distinguish it from other causes of arthritis.
Tests are usually objective in nature, composed mainly of multiple choice and short essay items.
Tests are usually questions to be answered by essays.
Tests are valuable.
Tests are very accurate.
Tests are very common.
Tests are very critical and precise to cut down on failures and improve product liability.
Tests are very different from the material covered in class.
Tests are very easy to set up and manage.
Tests are very sophisticated and require expertise.
Tests are very straight forward.
Tests are way too extensive.
Tests are ways to see how the body is working .
Tests are ways to see how the body is working.
Tests are word-wrap enabled and support user defined fonts.
Tests are wrestlers.
Tests are yardsticks.
Tests assess attention, memory, mood, general intelligence and motor function.
Tests assess learner performance.
Tests assess the learning outcomes.
Tests associated with the program are currently free to Ohio residents.
Tests based on aggregation of protein again measure storage deterioration.
Tests based on potyvirus group-specific antibodies are nearly independent of strain variation.
Tests become our judge.
Tests begin at the start of class.
Tests begin on fiber optics.
Tests begin promptly at scheduled times.
Tests begin through the chip set's loopback feature, which verifies modem functionality.
Tests begin to communicate via fiber optics.
Tests boiler and chill water for chemical requirements and adds treatment as necessary.
Tests boycott That is proving controversial, however.
Tests bring stress and fear into students' learning lives.
Tests can also assist employers in the selection of entry-level workers, trainees and apprentices.
Tests can also be available to anyone at the organization's discretion.
Tests can also be of use for the person being tested.
Tests can also be useful for documentation.
Tests can also include conceptual questions.
Tests can also serve the function of defining and reinforcing the goals of a course.
Tests can be a critical tool to track the progress of student, curriculum, and school.
Tests can be an efficient way to learn about an engineer's grasp of relevant technical issues.
Tests can be automatically graded and recorded.
Tests can be data driven from testing data files.
Tests can be diagnostic, formative, or summative.
Tests can be e-mailed to the instructor or can be gathered in a database and then retrieved.
Tests can be expensive and some carry health risks.
Tests can be expensive.
Tests can be in class or take-home.
Tests can be inconclusive.
Tests can be negative.
Tests can be useful providers of quantitative data that is the bases for comparisons and tracking.
Tests can detect if the brain has stopped functioning.
Tests can determine gender.
Tests can determine the levels of mycotoxins, particle sizes, and minerals.
Tests can determine the viral load, the level of the virus in a patient's body.
Tests can easily misrepresent the achievements of a school.
Tests can give an idea of what the level is.
Tests can have false negative and false positive results.
Tests can have results.
Tests can have several possible results.
Tests can include urine analysis, imaging tests, neurological tests or urodynamic tests.
Tests can measure beryllium in the urine and blood.
Tests can measure endrin in the blood or fat of people recently exposed.
Tests can occur at the transplant center or at a laboratory designated by the transplant center.
Tests can only sample the content that is covered in a chapter or unit.
Tests can only test so much.
Tests can outline the affected part of the brain and help define the problem created by stroke.
Tests can provide immediate feedback for each question or be marked and sent via e-mail.
Tests can result in both false negative and positive readings.
Tests can show which ones are serious.
Tests can take place in person at the lab or through remote testing.
Tests can take various formats.
Tests can tell if fertility problems are caused by an autoimmune disease or an unrelated reason.
Tests cause unhealthy anxiety for students.
Tests certify that adults possess the major and lasting outcomes of a high school program of study.
Tests check for weaknesses in the system, and then a tool installs the appropriate fix.
Tests Click on tests for the most up to date listing of in vitro tests currently available.
Tests Click on the test button to go to a test for any lesson.
Tests come at the worst possible time.
Tests come straight from reviews.
Tests comparing the durability of latex and plastic condoms are under way now.
Tests compromise national interest.
Tests conducted by manufacturers use various fuel sources and vary in intensity and duration.
Tests conducted by the company show that it is as effective as oral contraceptives and easy to use.
Tests conducted in the Pacific using megaton-class weapons show the opposite effect.
Tests conducted so far indicate salinity levels well within the established healthy range.
Tests confirm an outbreak of the disease at a farm adjacent to the abattoir.
Tests confirm diagnoses.
Tests confirm lots more speed, improved battery life.
Tests confirm results.
Tests confirm suspicion.
Tests consist of both a closed book section, and an open book section.
Tests consist of essay questions and short answer identification.
Tests consist of essay questions that oyu pick one of and write a page about.
Tests consist of listening, reading and writing portions and structure exercises.
Tests consist of multiple choice, matching, problems, essay and short answer questions.
Tests consist of multiple-choice, problems and essays.
Tests consist of multiple-choice, problems, and essays.
Tests consist of problems covering assigned problems, readings, and lectures.
Tests consist of samples.
Tests consist of straight forward, short, single retrieves.
Tests consist of tasks chosen at random from a store of typical day to day computer operations.
Tests consist of tasks chosen at random from a store of typical day-to day computer operations.
Tests consists of listening, reading,and writing portions and structure exercises.
Tests consists of multiple choice questions which are sampled from a database of questions.
Tests contain problems associated with the different chapters and topics of the product.
Tests continue in an attempt to find the est alternative to coir string.
Tests continue in Australia, India, China and Singapore.
Tests continue in Northern Ireland after the discovery of a third suspected case.
Tests continue on cattle farms across Michigan.
Tests continue on products from Belgium.
Tests continue to be made to monitor any progress being made.
Tests continue to evaluate process economics and operation.
Tests continue to reflect a gender gap, particularly high stakes tests like the SATs.
Tests continue to reveal dangerous contaminants and poor quality control in supplement ingredients.
Tests contribute to assessments.
Tests contribute to diagnosis treatments.
Tests contribute to treatments.
Tests count twice as much as homework.
Tests cover BOTH text and lectures.
Tests cover every subject area in the curriculum.
Tests cover material from the text, other assigned reading, lecture, and discussion.
Tests cover material students have practiced in daily lessons.
Tests cover reading assignments, lectures, all multimedia presentations, and outside performances.
Tests cover specific functionality without covering more than necessary.
Tests cover the five major parts of the hyperlink book and their related discussions.
Tests cover the material presented in class, the text, and homework assignments.
Tests cover whatever sections are completed as of the test date.
Tests cover wheat, oats, barley, spelt, triticales.
Tests create a sense of objectivity when, in reality, a great deal of subjectivity is involved.
Tests dairy food products for quality.
Tests deal mostly with the latter.
Tests demand techniques.
Tests demonstrate knowledge.
Tests demonstrate presence.
Tests demonstrate values.
Tests detect antibodies and are done on blood samples.
Tests detect presence.
Tests determine how well both perform their duties.
Tests determine insulin levels.
Tests determine levels.
Tests determine requirements.
Tests determine the student's entry level into the programs.
Tests determine the treatment plan.
Tests do exist to determine if an item has been engineered.
Tests done around the area indicate unsafe levels of PCBs.
Tests done by a certified water laboratory are the only reliable method to detect their presence.
Tests done by development engineers are yet another thing.
Tests done in our office such as urinalyses are include in the office visit fee.
Tests done in the United States show no evidence of mad cow disease.
Tests done on milk from bulk storage tanks are much more likely to arrive at the correct result.
Tests draw conclusions.
Tests drive development.
Tests edits comming.
Tests emphasizing traditional school knowledge show much less progress.
Tests enable physicians.
Tests encompass the entire life cycle or most sensitive life stage of the organisms.
Tests encourage the learning of isolated information, which is by necessity temporary.
Tests ensure that the products are pure, safe, potent, and efficacious.
Tests evaluate absorption.
Tests evaluate fat absorption.
Tests evaluate muscle strength and endurance, flexibility, aerobic capacity and body composition.
Tests exist that can be done on young dogs to determine if their hearing is working properly.
Tests exist to measure asbestos fibers in urine, feces, mucus, or material rinsed out of the lung.
Tests exist, however, that can measure the blood flow in the brain.
Tests explain results.
Tests explain test results.
Tests fail to reveal a cause for the pain.
Tests fast shake with both solute and water.
Tests find levels in kids worse than previously figured.
Tests flunk, study finds.
Tests focus on a narrow band of learning, emphasizing memorization skills.
Tests focus on features.
Tests focus on one chapter, but they are always cumulative.
Tests focus on two chapters, but they are always cumulative.
Tests follow a multiple-choice plus essay format.
Tests follow each lesson with further practice exercises on each application.
Tests follow methods.
Tests follow the completion of each module.
Tests folowing each chapter track overall comprehension.
Tests function differently for different groups.
Tests generally consist of identification and essay questions.
Tests generally draw from the vocabulary and experiences of white middle and upper class students.
Tests generally follow after two chapters.
Tests Give Changing Results.
Tests give evidence.
Tests give information in the form of comparisons with other children of the same age.
Tests give information.
Tests give results.
Tests give teachers a way of measuring student learning.
Tests given after one month are more reliable.
Tests given are almost always for the express purpose of ruling out other afflictions.
Tests have a nasty way of tearing all of that down.
Tests have a profound impact on students' approach toward, and success in, learning.
Tests have advantage.
Tests have benefits.
Tests have details.
Tests have diagnoses.
Tests have limitations.
Tests have questions about values.
Tests have reputations.
Tests have requirements.
Tests have rules.
Tests have so far failed and simple countermeasures such as decoys can render a system ineffective.
Tests have steps.
Tests have sufficient details.
Tests have the ability, if used correctly, to help students learn.
Tests have the benefit that they provide individual grades.
Tests have their function.
Tests have to be carried out in real space to establish the correct enantiomer.
Tests have to be done by a licensed asbestos tester.
Tests have to be taken at their scheduled times.
Tests have to reflect the curriculum.
Tests have utilities.
Tests have yet to reveal, though thought unlikely, whether the javelina was rabid.
Tests help causes.
Tests help conditions.
Tests help diagnoses.
Tests help physicians.
Tests help rule out other possible causes of symptoms.
Tests help serious conditions.
Tests help specific conditions.
Tests help students.
Tests help teachers to determine if their students are learning and what they are learning.
Tests include additional blood tests.
Tests include additional tests.
Tests include blood tests.
Tests include effects.
Tests include tests.
Tests indicate a high level of diagnostic agreement between the system and human experts.
Tests indicate adequate math skills.
Tests indicate antibodies.
Tests indicate at least a gallon capacity is required.
Tests indicate benefits.
Tests indicate capability.
Tests indicate capacity.
Tests indicate characters.
Tests indicate conditions.
Tests indicate contamination just below the levels permitted by law.
Tests indicate differences.
Tests indicate genetic variation.
Tests indicate high sleeping comfort and considerably less tossing and turning.
Tests indicate improved sleep quality.
Tests indicate it also controls plant growth regulator tolerant kochia.
Tests indicate it only governs the rate of print-through for the first few minutes.
Tests indicate potential benefits.
Tests indicate responses.
Tests indicate stability at frozen temperatures for up to six months.
Tests indicate that all jobs get roughly an equal slice of available time, except sponge jobs.
Tests indicate that arctic ice also is thinning at an alarmingly fast rate in geological time.
Tests indicate that hummers have little if any sense of smell.
Tests indicate that man is most like apes.
Tests indicate that propagules remain viable for at least four months.
Tests indicate that the first days in a stand are most crucial to moisture uptake.
Tests indicate that the nozzle giving the jet the least spread is the most efficient.
Tests indicate that the pericardial fluid amount is less than last week.
Tests indicate that the vast majority of chips in cars aren' t dependent on a calendar date.
Tests indicate that there is no glucose in the urine.
Tests indicate that upper and lower case letters read better than all capital letters.
Tests indicate the water is cleaner than what the city pumps from the ground.
Tests indicate they are on the right track.
Tests indicate variation.
Tests input encoding handling.
Tests involve analyses.
Tests involve both the acquisition of steady-state and transient data.
Tests involve follow steps.
Tests involve samples.
Tests involve situations.
Tests involve steps.
Tests lead to diagnoses.
Tests lie ahead for Western leaders' budgets and, even more, their political imagination.
Tests liquor for fineness.
Tests look for healy metals, pesticides and other potential toxins.
Tests look good.
Tests made at birth reveal exquisite taste discrimination and definite preferences.
Tests measure a wide range of software skills, from basic skills to advanced features.
Tests measure ability.
Tests measure amounts.
Tests measure average blood glucose levels.
Tests measure average levels.
Tests measure blood glucose levels.
Tests measure blood.
Tests measure capacity.
Tests measure effects.
Tests measure ever smaller, more incomprehensible bits of knowledge out of context.
Tests measure exact amounts.
Tests measure functions.
Tests measure growth hormone blood.
Tests measure levels.
Tests measure responses.
Tests measure the breadth of knowledge.
Tests measure the learner s progress.
Tests measure their progress toward that goal.
Tests measure throughput and packet loss for different traffic patterns.
Tests measure thyroid levels.
Tests measure whether students are acquiring the skills to function effectively.
Tests meet standards for bacteria, nitrate, and other contaminants.
Tests meet standards for bacteria, nitrates and other contaminants.
Tests missed for any reason become the dropped test.
Tests never kills anybody.
Tests normally consist of multiple choice, matching, fill-in, and essay questions.
Tests normally performed include total aerobic plant count, coliforms.
Tests now are available both in vivo and in vitro to help sort out allergies.
Tests now are under way.
Tests now contain all possible shading, texture and semi transparency modes.
Tests now exist for distinquishing vaccinated antibodies in an animal from an infected animal.
Tests now exist to measure the quantity of IgG antibodies produced to different foods.
Tests null hypothesis of equal population covariance matrices.
Tests obtain data about people in a neutral way.
Tests occasionally utilize the corporate production network in off-peak periods as well.
Tests occure at the end of each module.
Tests only gauge a narrow range of abilities.
Tests only measure specific types of abilities, primarily relating to verbal and math skills.
Tests perform in laboratories.
Tests perform trials.
Tests performed in various laboratories differ in their reliability.
Tests performed there include alignment measurements, centre of gravity and moment of inertia.
Tests play a useful, but limited, role in our selection.
Tests play the central role in the incentive system underlying today's schools.
Tests proctored by third parties also have security problems.
Tests produce mix results.
Tests produce negative results.
Tests produce oxygen demand results.
Tests produce results.
Tests prove ability.
Tests Prove It .
Tests prove it.
Tests prove more memory more computing power.
Tests prove skin displays immediate visible improvements form topical application of antioxidants.
Tests prove that color improves the speed and accuracy with which information is communicated.
Tests prove that diapers with built-in plastic still leak through.
Tests provide accurate classifications.
Tests provide an operational definition of goals that is very compelling for the students.
Tests provide answers.
Tests provide classifications.
Tests provide conditions.
Tests provide details.
Tests provide different habitat types.
Tests provide different types.
Tests provide ecological information.
Tests provide effective techniques.
Tests provide evidence.
Tests provide frameworks.
Tests provide guidelines.
Tests provide habitat types.
Tests provide information.
Tests provide insight.
Tests provide irrefutable data about which kids are learning what, and in which classrooms.
Tests provide practical information to educate boaters and help with purchase decisions.
Tests provide practical information to educate boaters and to help with purchase decisions.
Tests provide proof.
Tests provide results.
Tests provide samples.
Tests provide techniques.
Tests provide types.
Tests provide useful information.
Tests provide valuable ecological information.
Tests provide valuable information.
Tests range from mathematical and analytic modeling to rigorous laboratory and field trials.
Tests range from standard meter tests to robust spectral analysis.
Tests range from table-top simulations to live operational tests.
Tests read aloud.
Tests read on tape.
Tests reflect functions.
Tests reflect overall achievement, so regular attendance is important .
Tests reflect renal functions.
Tests relate to gravity.
Tests remain the property of the instructor.
Tests remain to prove hydrodynamic stability.
Tests represent requirements.
Tests requested by a non-UHS private physician are also available on a fee for service basis.
Tests require a basic command of English.
Tests require a mandrel wrap, or similar termination, at the far end of a cable.
Tests require analyses.
Tests require creative thinking, application of principles and relationships, and problem solving.
Tests require decisions.
Tests require definition.
Tests require different skills.
Tests require drug test results.
Tests require focus on various techniques and aspects of the art.
Tests require further investigations.
Tests require inspections.
Tests require investigations.
Tests require measurements.
Tests require negative results.
Tests require precise measurements.
Tests require quick decisions.
Tests require results.
Tests require samples.
Tests require skills.
Tests require urine samples.
Tests requiring antibodies or special materials cost extra.
Tests requiring far fewer animals are preferred.
Tests result in reaction.
Tests result in type skin reaction.
Tests return usually after one week.
Tests reveal age of mysterious Miami Circle site.
Tests reveal answers.
Tests reveal behavior.
Tests reveal bilateral sensorineural hearing loss in the high frequencies.
Tests reveal conditions.
Tests reveal decline kidney functions.
Tests reveal deficiencies.
Tests reveal e-coli.
Tests reveal exist health problems.
Tests reveal follow conditions.
Tests reveal functions.
Tests reveal health problems.
Tests reveal information.
Tests reveal kidney functions.
Tests reveal liver problems.
Tests reveal no antibodies or the viral organism.
Tests reveal problems.
Tests reveal symptoms.
Tests reveal that the problem is heartburn.
Tests reveal the quality of our vision, our faith, and the quality of our message.
Tests reveal truth.
Tests reveal versions.
Tests run fully automatically.
Tests run here by department of irrigation.
Tests run in the observation wells demonstrated how effectively benzene was removed from the water.
Tests run status flag.
Tests sample with meter to ensure neutral product.
Tests seal on vacuum bagging apparatus, using leak detector.
Tests See schedule for dates.
Tests seem impressive.
Tests Select the test from the pull-down list below.
Tests serve several purposes, and different tests are used for different reasons.
Tests serve to qualify skaters for various levels of competition.
Tests set the wheel in motion.
Tests show a significant reduction in finite-lattice spacing effects.
Tests show activities.
Tests show blood glucose levels.
Tests show blood sugar elevates with stress and declines over time with the removal of stress.
Tests show calcium levels.
Tests show capability.
Tests show conditions.
Tests show differences.
Tests show difficulty.
Tests show estrogens.
Tests show everything works fine.
Tests show exposure.
Tests show frictional properties.
Tests show functions.
Tests show ginseng increases learning and memory in animals.
Tests show high blood glucose levels.
Tests show high cholesterol and electrocardiogram abnormalities.
Tests show high levels.
Tests show hormone levels.
Tests show hybrid poplar wood is exceptionally well suited for manufacture of quality paper.
Tests show improvement.
Tests show it can be a strong skin irritant.
Tests show it kills a greater percentage of microorganisms than heat pasteurization.
Tests show it pulls with the same tension after sitting for a week in the conduit.
Tests show kidney functions.
Tests show levels.
Tests show low calcium levels.
Tests show low estrogens.
Tests show low levels of oxygen in the blood, at first only during exercise but later at rest, too.
Tests show low levels.
Tests show mercury levels.
Tests show methods.
Tests show no other brand stops shorter.
Tests show normal functions.
Tests show normal kidney functions.
Tests show our students are receiving a top-notch education.
Tests show potency.
Tests show promising results.
Tests show properties.
Tests show rainbow and cutthroat trout are highly susceptible with brook and brown trout less so.
Tests show red tide levels in the area have decreased in the last week to almost normal levels.
Tests show results.
Tests show significant differences.
Tests show significant improvement.
Tests show significant increases in hardness and wear durability of the treated surface.
Tests show signs that pure gasoline is standing in one of the monitoring wells.
Tests show steady improvement.
Tests show subtle differences.
Tests show that about half of the wells are contaminated with coliform bacteria.
Tests show that air filters help clear the air of allergy-causing agents.
Tests show that alcohol has a negative effect on individuals before they think they are drunk.
Tests show that as speed is doubled, drag is squared.
Tests show that atrazine is present in drinking water in Missouri.
Tests show that birds do learn what to eat by sampling when they are young .
Tests show that birds do learn what to eat by sampling when they are young.
Tests show that buffer requirements climb significantly with gigabit desktop networking.
Tests show that canned corn is probably the most effective bait for carp fishing.
Tests show that children with music instruction show greater flexibility in math and reading.
Tests show that contamination from a previous sewage overflow had subsided.
Tests show that dendritic salt dissolves at over twice the rate of conventional salt.
Tests show that diluted concentrations work just as well.
Tests show that echinacea stimulates immune system cells into action.
Tests show that Flytrap attracts and traps significantly more insects than conventional machines.
Tests show that grazing in winter and spring is most effective.
Tests show that groundwater quality in leading cattle feeding regions remains good.
Tests show that ice in the joint can inhibit proper secondary seal performance.
Tests show that Internet filters fail to block some sites that they claim to block.
Tests show that it prevents blood clots that can cause heart attacks.
Tests show that it treats heart disease effectively by reducing cholesterol levels.
Tests show that only a third of veal calves receive adequate colostrum.
Tests show that other schools aren t as contaminated as Belmont.
Tests show that punctuated equilibrium is predominant.
Tests show that starch-based paints are just as tough, shiny and runny as synthetic paints.
Tests show that swallowing increases with sweet tastes and decreases with bitter and sour tastes.
Tests show that the muscular strength of men is much greater than that of women.
Tests show that the patches hold up after five home launderings.
Tests show that the poisonous fungus is confined to the space above the ceiling tiles.
Tests show that the proposed method is robust, efficient, and needs minimal storage requirement.
Tests show that the rod-shaped nanocrystals emit light that is polarized along their long axis.
Tests show that the system seems rigid and reliable, so it is in routine use.
Tests show that their anti-oxidant value actually increases a little bit.
Tests show that velvet antler contains all eight essential amino acids.
Tests show that visual lighting devices have the most significant effect on motorists.
Tests show that warning colours definitely do deter predators.
Tests show that when used in the barrel it cuts down lead build-up.
Tests show the bone cancer has traveled to the skull.
Tests show the cgihandler leaking some memory when processing a lot of file uploads.
Tests show the complete character set of an individual font.
Tests show the firefighter's tank was working properly at the time of the accident.
Tests show the flip is working.
Tests show the lake's water quality is consistent with the water's quality before the tornado.
Tests show the method kills a greater percentage of microorganisms than heat pasteurization.
Tests show the newly-developed method to be extremely effective.
Tests show the quality of the water improved enough to allow fish and aquatic insects to thrive.
Tests show the shield is porous, even against minor-league missile pitching.
Tests show the snowpack is unstable.
Tests show they are highly corrosive to metal.
Tests show they are three times stronger than competing products.
Tests show transmission errors, but the connections seem fine.
Tests show values.
Tests show variation.
Tests show variations in genes that are associated with variations in structure and behavior.
Tests slurry for acidity periodically, using litmus paper.
Tests soil, develops and implements irrigation, feeding, pesticide and fungicide programs.
Tests spark plug wires for continuity on all vehicles.
Tests standalone PCs and network workstations.
Tests strengthen and mold the soul.
Tests strictly cover material presented in lecture.
Tests support observations.
Tests support the curriculum and provide feedback to students, parents and teachers.
Tests take approximately two hours.
Tests take five minutes and are free to members.
Tests take less time.
Tests take many forms but they all have the same pattern.
Tests take on a totally different meaning with 'Beat the clock'.
Tests take only a few minutes and are easily run by production personnel without laboratory support.
Tests take only seconds to complete.
Tests take place in the volcano's core.
Tests Take tests on dozens of French grammar and verb concepts.
Tests taken at regional test centers take longer to process.
Tests taken during the junior and seniors years of high school are acceptable.
Tests taken in different months require separate fee payments and registration forms.
Tests taken within the last four years are acceptable.
Tests taken within the preceding five years are acceptable.
Tests tell only part of the story.
Tests tend to be short and easy to grade.
Tests tend to test how one individual performs on that kind of test.
Tests test how well the student has learned.
Tests to detect abnormalities.
Tests to detect infection.
Tests to detect presence.
Tests to detect thymus gland abnormalities.
Tests to evaluate effects.
Tests to evaluate functions.
Tests to evaluate gland functions.
Tests to evaluate normal functions.
Tests to evaluate pituitary functions.
Tests to evaluate pituitary gland functions.
Tests to measure levels.
Tests typically take four to six weeks.
Tests typically take ten minutes or less.
Tests unfairly disadvantage the life-chances of poor and minority students.
Tests update procedures of system including altering offender segment data upon arrest.
Tests use all available restraints.
Tests use analyses.
Tests use approaches.
Tests use blood samples.
Tests use crude instruments.
Tests use culturally diverse materials in the items and prompts.
Tests use experimental approaches.
Tests use fecal samples.
Tests use formulae.
Tests use instruments.
Tests use iodine solutions.
Tests use letters.
Tests use measurements.
Tests use methods.
Tests use needles.
Tests use numbers.
Tests use procedures.
Tests use rules.
Tests use samples.
Tests use small samples.
Tests use solutions.
Tests use such instruments.
Tests used for diagnosis include chromosome analysis and various protein tests.
Tests using a common method show higher intercorrelations than do different kinds of tests.
Tests using actual data are now under way.
Tests utilize a group format.
Tests vary depending on the grade.
Tests vary depending on the specific cause.
Tests vary depending on the suspected cause.
Tests vary depending on the suspected disorder.
Tests vary in price.
Tests verify advantages of horizontal wells in offshore China oil field.
Tests wait to confirm the nature of the substances involved.
Tests yield additional information.
Tests yield information.
Tests yield positive results.
Tests yield results.
Tests yield same results.
Tests yield similar results.
Tests often ask only for right answers.
Tests often reveal surprising results.
Tests sometimes contain bias.
Tests usually are twice the value of quizzes and projects.
Tests usually consist of both objective and practical parts.
Tests usually cover two or three chapters in the text.
Tests usually have clear benefit to the newborn because treatment is available.
Tests usually show higher levels of white blood cells.
Tests usually take less than one minute.
All tests sometimes give both false positive and false negative results.
All test are free of any bias towards any computer producer or software.
All test report negative causal factors.
All test show no reason for the high temperature, and no elevated white count.
All test show no sign of seizure activity in the brain.
All test subjects over the age of thirty made at least one error during their test.
All test turn up normal.
All tests are automatically graded and stored in the central database.
All tests are available in French.
All tests are beyond the standard level of achievement.
All tests are black box tests and are formally documented.
All tests are by appointment.
All tests are closed book and closed notes.
All tests are closed book and the final is comprehensive.
All tests are closed book, closed notes, no calculator.
All tests are closed book.
All tests are closed books no notes.
All tests are comprehensive unless otherwise stated .
All tests are comprehensive.
All tests are confidential.
All tests are cumulative .
All tests are cumulative and primarily short answer essay.
All tests are cumulative, i.e. they cover all material discussed to date.
All tests are cumulative.
All tests are due at the beginning of class on the day so marked.
All tests are entry level tests.
All tests are extensively and professionally validated .
All tests are free and have in-depth information accessible.
All tests are free and results are confidential.
All tests are free of any bias towards any computer producer or software product.
All tests are free of charge.
All tests are from the textbook.
All tests are full-length, with answers and explanations provided.
All tests are fully automatic.
All tests are Honor Pledged.
All tests are in a large envelope with instructor's name written in the upper right hand corner.
All tests are in class, and are open book, open notes, etc.
All tests are in class, and are open notes and open book.
All tests are in class.
All tests are in English unless otherwise mentioned.
All tests are in-class and closed books and notes.
All tests are like take-home tests in a traditional class.
All tests are multiple choice and are cumulative.
All tests are multiple choice format.
All tests are multiple choice type.
All tests are multiple choice. .
All tests are multiple choice.
All tests are multiple-choice.
All tests are necessarily cumulative.
All tests are negative.
All tests are non-destructive.
All tests are non-invasive without venipuncture.
All tests are normal in tension-type headache.
All tests are normal.
All tests are objective tests.
All tests are of equal value towards the final grade.
All tests are of the essay type.
All tests are on an open book basis which includes any available reference material.
All tests are on the PC - no paper to key from.
All tests are on-line tests.
All tests are online.
All tests are open book and notes.
All tests are open book and open notes.
All tests are open book, open notes unless otherwise stated.
All tests are open book.
All tests are open books and open notes.
All tests are open note, open book.
All tests are open notes and closed book.
All tests are open-book, closed notes.
All tests are optional.
All tests are paper and pencil tests.
All tests are password protected for maximum security.
All tests are projectives.
All tests are punitive to some extent.
All tests are safe and available to most people in the country.
All tests are scantron.
All tests are scorable.
All tests are sectional tests.
All tests are secure.
All tests are self-correcting, and the programs track students' progress.
All tests are short answer.
All tests are short in length, minimally invasive, and can be done on the same day.
All tests are simple and noninvasive.
All tests are sixty minutes long.
All tests are ten questions long.
All tests are the most recent analyses.
All tests are time-limited, open book assignments.
All tests are to be completed individually.
All tests are to be paid for prior to testing.
All tests are to be ridden entirely from memory.
All tests are to be taken closed-book in accordance with the University Honor Code.
All tests are to be taken in class, closed book and closed note.
All tests are to be taken in pen.
All tests are to be taken in pencil.
All tests are two-tailed.
All tests are voluntary and all information is strictly confidential.
All tests assume a fully charges battery.
All tests assume z-buffering with one light in addition to specification of a color at every vertex.
All tests begin promptly at the designated time.
All tests begin promptly at the stated time.
All tests begin promptly at the time stated.
All tests can be quickly and easily scheduled and are performed by highly skilled professionals.
All tests carry equal weight.
All tests cause anxiety to a greater or lesser degree, depending on the individual.
All tests come up negative.
All tests come with answers and explanations.
All tests come with complete, detailed instructions for use .
All tests come with complete, detailed instructions for use. .
All tests consist of calls to the public interface of classes.
All tests count for attendance .
All tests count in the final grade.
All tests count towards final grade.
All tests count.
All tests cover basic, intermediate and advanced levels of knowledge.
All tests emphasize problem solving or the reasoned analysis of situations.
All tests employ simple and fast titrations.
All tests give qualitative results for the specific nutrients.
All tests have a beginning and ending date.
All tests have a similar passing rate.
All tests have equal value in computing the final grade.
All tests have limitations.
All tests have the same output format.
All tests have to be passed in order to demonstrate basic competency and pass the course.
All tests have to be taken at their scheduled times.
All tests involve on-line multiple choice examinations.
All tests involving ranked data, i.e. data that can be put in order, are non-parametric.
All tests involving ranked data, i.e. data that can be put in order, are nonparametric.
All tests is based on vendor published objectives and the experience of our respected authors.
All tests measure performance at the time the test is given.
All tests meet the standard level of achievement.
All tests now pass again for non-threaded perl.
All tests occur during recitation, roughly every two weeks.
All tests offer astrological compatibility.
All tests pass.
All tests relating to the study are free.
All tests require a piece of stone that is approximately the size of a match head.
All tests require advance registration.
All tests require essay writing.
All tests run automatically.
All tests say all ok.
All tests show a significant association between treatment and outcome.
All tests show up good spinal,blood,stool,heart, abdomin,toxins,scans and x-rays.
All tests start on time.
All tests take place in the resource room unless marked.
All tests taken includes the reading, mathematics, and writing tests only.
Any test is an expression of values on teaching and learning.
Every test also has an answer key filled out for grading purposes.
Every test contains a section of terms to identify or define.
Every test gets a nice set of initials.
Every test has a margin of error.
Every test has an essay component.
Every test has inherent dangers and inaccuracies.
Every test has measurement error.
Every test includes a complete otoscopic examination.
Every test involves trying to remember information.
Every test is accompanied by loads of study guide questions.
Every test is important.
Every test is performed on data that have aleady been collected.
Every test is portrayed as if it produced some objective fact.
Every test is recorded the same way.
Every test is verified by the data recorded on each vessel tested.
Every Test seems to bring more 'sympathy' from card buying areas of the globe.
Every test shows normal.
Every test thus reflects a particular set of assumptions about leadership.
Every test yields some result.
Many tests are also expensive, and some tests for mass screening have been shown to be inaccurate.
Many tests are available for testing vo- cational aptitude.
Many tests are available including a sleep study.
Many tests are available to help with the diagnosis of gallbladder and gallstone disease.
Many tests are available, but relatively few improve patient care.
Many tests are available, order a catalog.
MANY tests are available.
Many tests are inadequate to predict success.
Many tests are language intensive.
Many tests are straightforward, though.
Many tests are subject to interference.
Many tests ask for recall of information as opposed to simple recognition.
Many tests cover a number of different skills or topics, however.
Many tests depend for their accuracy on the voluntary and honest participation of the patient.
Many tests done on site are free of charge to eligible students.
Many tests examine neuromusculoskeletal components.
Many tests have inadequate replication.
Many tests have local norms in addition to broader national or regional norms.
Many tests have time limits.
Many tests monitor short-range forecasts and the speed at which they degrade.
Many tests require a waiting period of time before performing the next step.
Many tests require the use of scantron.
Many tests support the safety of drinking water containing a small amount of chlorine.
Many tests take days or weeks to obtain results.
More tests are forthcoming.
More tests are on the way.
More tests are pending and the case remains open.
More tests are to be done in the next time.
More tests are underway.
More tests can give the South Pacific tests a chance to succeed or fail.
More tests have yet to yield results.
More tests mean more equipment, and higher bills.
More tests remain to be done.
Most tests allow detection.
Most tests allow identification.
Most tests are automatically graded so that results can be viewed immediately.
Most tests are available for either salt or fresh water aquariums.
Most tests are available free to active-duty military personnel.
Most tests are available in either Spanish or English.
Most tests are available in English and French.
Most tests are designed by north carolina teachers.
Most tests are designed by teachers.
Most tests are either in multiple choice or essay formats.
Most tests are free to active duty personnel but there is a nominal fee for others.
Most tests are non-invasive and easy to complete with the assistance of our staff.
Most tests are quick.
Most tests are somewhat consistent about the length of correct answers.
Most tests ask users to test first morning urine on the first day after a missed period.
Most tests can have results.
Most tests can have several possible results.
Most tests confirm diagnoses.
Most tests confirm results.
Most tests confirm suspicion.
Most tests consist of samples.
Most tests consist of ten multiple choice questions and take from five to seven minutes to complete.
Most tests contribute to assessments.
Most tests contribute to diagnosis treatments.
Most tests contribute to treatments.
Most tests demonstrate knowledge.
Most tests demonstrate presence.
Most tests demonstrate values.
Most tests detect presence.
Most tests determine insulin levels.
Most tests determine levels.
Most tests determine requirements.
Most tests draw conclusions.
Most tests drive development.
Most tests enable physicians.
Most tests evaluate absorption.
Most tests evaluate fat absorption.
Most tests explain results.
Most tests explain test results.
Most tests focus on features.
Most tests follow methods.
Most tests give evidence.
Most tests give information.
Most tests give results.
Most tests have a registration deadline.
Most tests have a small variation of precision.
Most tests have a third date as a rain date.
Most tests have advantage.
Most tests have benefits.
Most tests have details.
Most tests have diagnoses.
Most tests have limitations.
Most tests have reputations.
Most tests have requirements.
Most tests have rules.
Most tests have sample tests or practice versions.
Most tests have steps.
Most tests have sufficient details.
Most tests have the user urinate on a plastic indicator stick about the size of a nail file.
Most tests have utilities.
Most tests help causes.
Most tests help conditions.
Most tests help diagnoses.
Most tests help physicians.
Most tests help serious conditions.
Most tests help specific conditions.
Most tests help students.
Most tests indicate antibodies.
Most tests indicate benefits.
Most tests indicate capability.
Most tests indicate capacity.
Most tests indicate characters.
Most tests indicate conditions.
Most tests indicate differences.
Most tests indicate genetic variation.
Most tests indicate potential benefits.
Most tests indicate responses.
Most tests indicate variation.
Most tests involve analyses.
Most tests involve follow steps.
Most tests involve looking directly at the DNA in a specific disease-associated gene.
Most tests involve observations of patient behaviors and reflex testing.
Most tests involve samples.
Most tests involve situations.
Most tests involve steps.
Most tests involve taking a sample of urine.
Most tests involve two or more species, since responses often vary from species to species.
Most tests lead to diagnoses.
Most tests measure ability.
Most tests measure average blood glucose levels.
Most tests measure average levels.
Most tests measure blood glucose levels.
Most tests measure blood.
Most tests measure capacity.
Most tests measure effects.
Most tests measure exact amounts.
Most tests measure growth hormone blood.
Most tests measure how a child performs compared to other children.
Most tests measure responses.
Most tests measure thyroid levels.
Most tests only identify a specific gene defect in a particular breed.
Most tests perform in laboratories.
Most tests perform trials.
Most tests produce mix results.
Most tests produce negative results.
Most tests produce oxygen demand results.
Most tests produce results.
Most tests prove ability.
Most tests provide accurate classifications.
Most tests provide answers.
Most tests provide classifications.
Most tests provide conditions.
Most tests provide details.
Most tests provide different habitat types.
Most tests provide different types.
Most tests provide ecological information.
Most tests provide effective techniques.
Most tests provide evidence.
Most tests provide frameworks.
Most tests provide guidelines.
Most tests provide habitat types.
Most tests provide information.
Most tests provide insight.
Most tests provide proof.
Most tests provide results.
Most tests provide samples.
Most tests provide techniques.
Most tests provide types.
Most tests provide useful information.
Most tests provide valuable ecological information.
Most tests provide valuable information.
Most tests reflect functions.
Most tests reflect renal functions.
Most tests relate to gravity.
Most tests require analyses.
Most tests require decisions.
Most tests require definition.
Most tests require different skills.
Most tests require drug test results.
Most tests require further investigations.
Most tests require inspections.
Most tests require investigations.
Most tests require measurements.
Most tests require negative results.
Most tests require normal control drawn and sent at same time.
Most tests require precise measurements.
Most tests require quick decisions.
Most tests require results.
Most tests require samples.
Most tests require skills.
Most tests require urine samples.
Most tests result in reaction.
Most tests result in type skin reaction.
Most tests reveal answers.
Most tests reveal behavior.
Most tests reveal conditions.
Most tests reveal decline kidney functions.
Most tests reveal deficiencies.
Most tests reveal exist health problems.
Most tests reveal follow conditions.
Most tests reveal health problems.
Most tests reveal information.
Most tests reveal kidney functions.
Most tests reveal liver problems.
Most tests reveal problems.
Most tests reveal symptoms.
Most tests reveal truth.
Most tests reveal versions.
Most tests see if kids can read factual exposition.
Most tests show activities.
Most tests show blood glucose levels.
Most tests show calcium levels.
Most tests show capability.
Most tests show conditions.
Most tests show differences.
Most tests show difficulty.
Most tests show estrogens.
Most tests show exposure.
Most tests show frictional properties.
Most tests show gloves are dirtier than bare hands.
Most tests show high blood glucose levels.
Most tests show high levels.
Most tests show hormone levels.
Most tests show improvement.
Most tests show kidney functions.
Most tests show low calcium levels.
Most tests show low estrogens.
Most tests show low levels.
Most tests show mercury levels.
Most tests show methods.
Most tests show normal functions.
Most tests show normal kidney functions.
Most tests show potency.
Most tests show properties.
Most tests show results.
Most tests show significant differences.
Most tests show significant improvement.
Most tests show steady improvement.
Most tests show subtle differences.
Most tests show values.
Most tests show variation.
Most tests take longer because the tester generally explains the test to the occupant.
Most tests use a urine, saliva or hair sample.
Most tests use analyses.
Most tests use approaches.
Most tests use blood samples.
Most tests use crude instruments.
Most tests use experimental approaches.
Most tests use fecal samples.
Most tests use formulae.
Most tests use instruments.
Most tests use iodine solutions.
Most tests use letters.
Most tests use measurements.
Most tests use methods.
Most tests use needles.
Most tests use numbers.
Most tests use procedures.
Most tests use rules.
Most tests use samples.
Most tests use small samples.
Most tests use solutions.
Most tests use such instruments.
Most tests work toward the more difficult questions.
Most tests yield a continuum of values, and a threshold is set for positive or negative.
Most tests yield additional information.
Most tests yield information.
Most tests yield positive results.
Most tests yield results.
Most tests yield same results.
Most tests yield similar results.
Some test are only available on a local basis.
Some tests also account for transactions costs and execution feasibility.
Some tests also confuse linguistic ability with overall ability. .
Some tests also focus on detecting pathology, such as paranoia, depression, or alcohol abuse.
Some tests also indicate if a patient is sitting up.
Some tests also indicate the onset of chemical degradation.
Some tests are already available.
Some tests are also too slow to affect the diagnosis and management of iron poisoning.
Some tests are available at our computer stations in the testing room.
Some tests are available in languages other than English.
Some tests are basic literacy tests.
Some tests are comprehensive, as over a unit or a review section.
Some tests are designed to measure the smallest amount of odor that someone can detect.
Some tests are done by doctors.
Some tests are done by scientists.
Some tests are easy.
Some tests are even more complicated.
Some tests are for all pregnant women.
Some tests are for fun, some are more serious.
Some tests are free, and for others there is a fee.
Some tests are helpful to the patient, others aid the doctors' research.
Some tests are invasive.
Some tests are just too strange to classify.
Some tests are more ambiguous than others.
Some tests are more like games.
Some tests are more resistant than others.
Some tests are more serious than others.
Some tests are more straightforward than others.
Some tests are necessary to make the diagnosis.
Some tests are now computerized and can be taken any time.
Some tests are on a walk-in basis and others require an appointment.
Some tests are on crack.
Some tests are optional and are often done only if they are medically necessary.
Some tests are painfully long, but others are a breeze.
Some tests are quite tough, while others are delicate and nearly translucent.
Some tests are required by state law.
Some tests are routine and done for all pregnant women.
Some tests are simple, others are more complicated.
Some tests are specific to a certain form of the disease.
Some tests are thousands of dollars while others are just a few dollars.
Some tests base on antigen detection.
Some tests base on detection.
Some tests base on facts.
Some tests can actually help to prevent the development of disease.
Some tests can also help determine the next step in an employee's training.
Some tests can be self-administered using a computer.
Some tests can detect a lower number of copies than others.
Some tests carry a risk of anaphylaxis.
Some tests combine reading and writing in communicative situations.
Some tests compare patients.
Some tests conduct at sites.
Some tests confirm infection.
Some tests confirm pregnancy.
Some tests confirm problems.
Some tests confirm urinary infection.
Some tests consist of components.
Some tests consist of identification.
Some tests consist only of abstract-reasoning problems etc.
Some tests cover aspects.
Some tests cover general science.
Some tests cover science.
Some tests create problems.
Some tests demand the completion of a diagram.
Some tests demonstrate levels.
Some tests demonstrate pregnancy.
Some tests depend on abnormalities.
Some tests detect antibodies.
Some tests detect deformities.
Some tests detect hormones.
Some tests detect physical deformities.
Some tests detect pregnancy as early as the first day of a missed period.
Some tests detect pregnancy.
Some tests detect proteins.
Some tests determine presence.
Some tests display information about their environment.
Some tests enable optimization.
Some tests establish guidelines.
Some tests evaluate storage.
Some tests find quality.
Some tests find tentative but ambiguous evidence for oscillation.
Some tests focus on areas.
Some tests focus on gravity.
Some tests focus on tests.
Some tests follow procedures.
Some tests have a charge, depending on whether samples are sent away to the laboratory.
Some tests have additional assessment modes.
Some tests have effectiveness.
Some tests have ideas.
Some tests have instructions for advance preparation.
Some tests have instructions.
Some tests have links to photos of that test.
Some tests have many parts.
Some tests have no charge.
Some tests have power.
Some tests have separate answer sheets. understand and follow directions.
Some tests have short time limits.
Some tests have special fees.
Some tests have sufficient power.
Some tests have to be made to prove the implementation right.
Some tests have values.
Some tests help breast cancer.
Some tests help cancer.
Some tests help chances.
Some tests help cost.
Some tests help counselors.
Some tests help decisions.
Some tests help diseases.
Some tests help drug usage.
Some tests help environmental pollution.
Some tests help family members.
Some tests help members.
Some tests help nutrition counselors.
Some tests help patients.
Some tests help pollution.
Some tests help problems.
Some tests help tumors.
Some tests help usage.
Some tests however use a tactile marker.
Some tests identify majorities.
Some tests indicate activities.
Some tests indicate air.
Some tests indicate antibiotic compounds.
Some tests indicate compounds.
Some tests indicate deficiencies.
Some tests indicate diabetes.
Some tests indicate effects.
Some tests indicate energy nutrients.
Some tests indicate germination.
Some tests indicate infection.
Some tests indicate liquids.
Some tests indicate nutrients.
Some tests indicate presence.
Some tests indicate reductions.
Some tests indicate serious effects.
Some tests indicate specific activities.
Some tests indicate tendencies.
Some tests indicate wheat yield reductions.
Some tests involve allergen.
Some tests involve balls.
Some tests involve determination.
Some tests involve equipment in a sports laboratory.
Some tests involve injections.
Some tests involve normal urination.
Some tests involve soccer balls.
Some tests involve the use a computer system and a monitor.
Some tests involve urination.
Some tests involve use.
Some tests involve women.
Some tests involve wood.
Some tests lead to synthesis.
Some tests measure acid.
Some tests measure antigen.
Some tests measure concentration.
Some tests measure hormones.
Some tests measure oxygen carbon dioxide.
Some tests measure seek time.
Some tests only take five minutes to perform.
Some tests produce output for manual checking.
Some tests prove effects.
Some tests provide comfort.
Some tests provide distinction.
Some tests provide examples.
Some tests provide information about acquired as well as inherited disease.
Some tests provide sharp distinction.
Some tests receive irrigation.
Some tests receive supplemental irrigation.
Some tests reduce uncertainty more than others do.
Some tests reduce uncertainty more than others.
Some tests rely on detection.
Some tests rely on enzymes, which are sensitive to heat as well as the usual material interactions.
Some tests require a college degree to administer or other special requirements.
Some tests require a registration fee.
Some tests require a scientific calculator.
Some tests require dietary restrictions or special preparation.
Some tests require different areas of focus.
Some tests require only simple blood work.
Some tests require participation of both partners.
Some tests require refrigeration.
Some tests require special preservatives in the tube.
Some tests require that more than one form be filled out.
Some tests require the author to confirm actions.
Some tests require the person to co-operate.
Some tests result in appearances.
Some tests result in removals.
Some tests reveal acid levels.
Some tests reveal aerosols.
Some tests reveal alcohol.
Some tests reveal anemia.
Some tests reveal blood lead levels.
Some tests reveal blood.
Some tests reveal branches.
Some tests reveal capacity.
Some tests reveal chemicals.
Some tests reveal concentration.
Some tests reveal dead branches.
Some tests reveal depth.
Some tests reveal deterioration.
Some tests reveal drug intake.
Some tests reveal food.
Some tests reveal imbalances.
Some tests reveal infection.
Some tests reveal intake.
Some tests reveal livers.
Some tests reveal negative blood.
Some tests reveal presence.
Some tests reveal reaction.
Some tests reveal respiratory capacity.
Some tests reveal same levels.
Some tests reveal success.
Some tests reveal tolerance.
Some tests reveal toxic levels.
Some tests reveal urine.
Some tests save life.
Some tests see flames.
Some tests seem to be outdated.
Some tests serve different purposes.
Some tests serve purposes.
Some tests show abnormalities.
Some tests show an image of the fetus in the uterus .
Some tests show anemia.
Some tests show babies.
Some tests show blood pressure.
Some tests show boron deficiencies.
Some tests show calcium.
Some tests show concentration.
Some tests show contamination.
Some tests show cubes.
Some tests show defects.
Some tests show degrees.
Some tests show develop anemia.
Some tests show diets.
Some tests show different genetic defects.
Some tests show dust.
Some tests show edges.
Some tests show effectiveness.
Some tests show effects.
Some tests show elevation.
Some tests show empty sacs.
Some tests show enzymes.
Some tests show excretion.
Some tests show fathers.
Some tests show fruit.
Some tests show fungi.
Some tests show genetic defects.
Some tests show good agreement.
Some tests show health.
Some tests show high phosphorus.
Some tests show house dust.
Some tests show images.
Some tests show locations.
Some tests show majorities.
Some tests show markers.
Some tests show mass.
Some tests show mercury.
Some tests show mite dust.
Some tests show mold.
Some tests show musks.
Some tests show permeability.
Some tests show phosphorus.
Some tests show positive reaction.
Some tests show presence.
Some tests show pressure.
Some tests show products.
Some tests show reaction.
Some tests show responses.
Some tests show sacs.
Some tests show skin reaction.
Some tests show specks.
Some tests show starches.
Some tests show time.
Some tests show urine.
Some tests show viable seeds.
Some tests show water.
Some tests span years.
Some tests support assumptions.
Some tests take a few hours, some as long as two weeks.
Some tests take more time.
Some tests take quite a while to complete.
Some tests use a self-report method.
Some tests use antibodies.
Some tests use competent people.
Some tests use devices.
Some tests use people.
Some tests use polymerase chain reaction.
Some tests use reaction.
Some tests use sound waves.
Some tests use technology.
Some tests use textbooks.
Some tests use the sexually-transmitted pathogen itself, which is the best model of a pathogen.
Some tests use time polymerase chain reaction.
Some tests use types.
Some tests use versions.
Some tests use waves.
Some tests work well even with very wide deviations from normality.
Testable requirements are a way to estimate tests at a detailed level.
A testament is credo
Every testament is a risk.
Testamentary capacity is an issue of fact.
Testamentary disposition is at the sole discretion or preference of an individual.
Testamentary trust is trust
Testamentary trust is trust.
Testamentary trusts are no longer under the direct, ongoing supervision of the court.
Testamentary trusts are subject to continuing court supervision beyond the probate proceeding.
Testamentary trusts are trusts that come into existence or are funded on the death of an individual.
A testator is a person
Testators do it willingly.
Testbed measurements are underway to verify our calculations.
Testbed staff believe that such privacy helps build a successful learning community.
Testdrive Release Go ahead.
Tested capability is enough to assure deterrence without in itself leading to a fresh arms race.
Tested devices dry quickly with no residue, and no post-test cleaning is required.
Tested products are available for sale to call center managers nationwide.
Tested software fixes.
Tested versions are consistent in slightly distorting the dimensions of images.
Most tested youth intend to practice safer sex .
A testee is a communicator
Testees look at the visual and decide if the statements are true or false.
A tester is a canopy
Tester administers tests to student.
Tester can be beneficial to the novice or expert player.
Tester drags handle of reflex handle across the abdomen laterally from the midline.
Tester fills in bug log with test that fails and information available.
Tester holds subject's forearm and strikes the back of the elbow just above the olecranon process.
Tester installs product.
Tester isa speaker.
Tester measures the transfer rate of packets.
Tester picks up fixed bug list, finds the test to run, reruns the test, it passes.
Tester places a closed fist beneath the subject's chest.
Tester records time to completion.
Tester takes subject's height, weight, and residual lung capacity.
Tester teaches graduate and undergraduate fiction workshops.
Testers also have some responsibilities in the checklist.
Testers also try to find difficult problems to solve with the system.
Testers also try Web pages from their homes and offices.
Testers analyze customer requirements.
Testers analyze requirements.
Testers are available as single units or systems.
Testers are available with several options.
Testers are canopies.
Testers are like executives.
Testers are people.
Testers are responsible for the accuracy of their contact, location, and other information.
Testers are upbeat about the new service.
Testers are users of the product.
Testers are volunteers who receive a small stipend for their expenses.
Testers are welcome.
Testers can also provide written feedback to site designers, developers, and content writers.
Testers can do many things to make their own jobs easier.
Testers can earn more, but it takes time and persistence.
Testers can login to their accounts .
Testers can modify the code to their hearts' content.
Testers can take pictures that record how colors change on the scent-sensing plate.
Testers check problem.
Testers come with certificates and optional calibration data sheets.
Testers drop a head form from a likely height onto different materials.
Testers experience some problems with registration.
Testers get help on how and where to begin.
Testers have (part) arms.
Testers have (part) body substances.
Testers have (part) cell membranes.
Testers have (part) cells.
Testers have (part) corpi.
Testers have (part) cytoplasm.
Testers have (part) heads.
Testers have (part) human bodies.
Testers have (part) legs.
Testers have (part) material bodies.
Testers have (part) necks.
Testers have (part) nuclei.
Testers have (part) personality.
Testers have (part) plasma membranes.
Testers have (part) sections.
Testers have (part) vacuoles.
Testers have two best buys to recommend.
Testers heat safes in a furnace for half an hour or more to see how the contents fare.
Testers investigate habits.
Testers investigate spawn habits.
Testers look for any signs of aggression.
Testers look for manifest problems in the product, potential problems, and the absence of problems.
Testers make objective reports of what transpires.
Testers mark their scores and comments on the test card immediately following their run.
Testers monitor heart rate as it relates to the workload.
Testers never attempt to detect the fine particulates.
Testers now exceed four hundred.
Testers now exceed three hundred fifty.
Testers play a supporting role.
Testers play games for weeks to find problems in the games so that nothing goes wrong.
Testers receive a nominal payment for each game review and get to keep the games.
Testers receive our materials for free, in exchange of their feedback.
Testers repeatedly test existing products or prototypes under real-world conditions.
Testers report numerous problems with the thought icons included with the product.
Testers signify reasons for going to court.
Testers suggest ideas.
Testers support the grand mission of creating great products and running the business.
Testers use coverage tools to ensure that system tests adequately test the code before release.
Testers use coverage tools to ensure that test suites adequately exercise their code before release.
Testers work during normal business hours.
Testers work in control environments.
Testers work in environments.
Testers work in large teams to ensure that the entirety of the game has been checked for bugs.
Testers often have a difficult time reaching remote villages due to flooding and poor roads.
Testers sometimes watch study participants tackle assigned tasks from behind a one-way window.
All testers take the same morning test covering general engineering principles.
Every tester is shipped with a warranty card and a serial number for tracking after the sale.
Many testers also follow their own rules.
More testers are available.
Most testers analyze customer requirements.
Most testers analyze requirements.
Most testers investigate habits.
Most testers investigate spawn habits.
Most testers suggest ideas.
Most testers work in control environments.
Most testers work in environments.
Some testers also indicate the amount of attenuation per foot.
Some testers are quieter than others.
Some testers can read as much as four points high or low for dry hay.
Some testers change status.
Some testers find defects.
Some testers find positions.
Some testers have automatic compensation, and some compensate when a button is pushed.
Some testers help customers.
Some testers say the code has progressed well coming into the third beta.
Some testers work in clean and orderly comfortable shops or laboratories.
Some testers work with developer.
Testicle size is a good indication of a ram's sperm-producing ability.
A testicle is a gland
A testicle is a sex organ
Testicles also make sperm which can join with ova to make new life .
Testicles also make sperm which can join with ova to make new life.
Testicles are a type of organ called glands .
Testicles are a type of organ called glands.
Testicles are abdominal.
Testicles are gonads.
Testicles are in the scrotum because the temperature there is cooler than it is inside the body.
Testicles are interesting devices that overide the brain in most cases.
Testicles are largest in polyandrous birds.
Testicles are male reproductive organs.
Testicles are part of the male body.
Testicles are smooth, oval- shaped, and somewhat firm to the touch.
Testicles are smooth, oval-shaped, and somewhat firm to the touch.
Testicles are temperature sensitive sperm factories.
Testicles are the great equalisers, men-wise.
Testicles begin to produce sperm.
Testicles descend during breeding season.
Testicles develop in the abdomen of the fetus and then descend into the scrotum after birth.
Testicles drawing up into the scrotum is a protective reflex and is totally normal.
Testicles function best when they keep their cool.
Testicles have two important jobs in the body .
Testicles have two important jobs in the body.
Testicles make several types of chemical substances .
Testicles make several types of chemical substances.
Testicles originate in the abdomen while the fetus is developing.
Testicles produce sperm and the hormone testosterone.
Testicles shrink and the prostate gland enlarges.
Most testicles match in size , but some testicles are much larger or smaller than others .
Testicular aspiration causes minimal injury to the testes.
Testicular atrophy can also occur with steroid users.
Testicular atrophy is seen off and on.
Testicular atrophy occurs in old dogs due to alterations in hormone concentrations.
Testicular biopsy demonstrates the presence of a lymphoblastic lymphoma.
Testicular cancer affects the tissues in one or both testicles.
Testicular cancer can cause a number of symptoms.
Testicular cancer can present with or without pain.
Testicular cancer develops in one or both testicles in men or young boys.
Testicular cancer does tend to run in families.
Testicular cancer exhibits no early symptoms, so early detection is crucial.
Testicular cancer grows rapidly.
Testicular cancer is a cancer of the testicle.
Testicular cancer is a disease caused by the uncontrolled growth of abnormal cells in the testicle.
Testicular cancer is a fast spreading cancer.
Testicular cancer is a form of cancer that specifically affects one or both testicles.
Testicular cancer is a highly treatable and curable form of cancer.
Testicular cancer is a rare disease in men caused by abnormal growth of cells of the testicle.
Testicular cancer is a relatively common form of cancer.
Testicular cancer is a very curable disease if it is diagnosed early.
Testicular cancer is a very rare disease.
Testicular cancer is almost always curable if it is found and treated early.
Testicular cancer is almost always curable if it is found early.
Testicular cancer is among the most treatable ones around.
Testicular cancer is cancer of the testicles.
Testicular cancer is cancer.
Testicular cancer is carcinoma
Testicular cancer is diseases.
Testicular cancer is highly curable, especially when treated promptly.
Testicular cancer is highly treatable and highly curable.
Testicular cancer is more common in men who have a testicle which has failed to descend.
Testicular cancer is more common in white men than black or Asian.
Testicular cancer is more common in white men than black.
Testicular cancer is more common in white people than black people.
Testicular cancer is of special concern to young men.
Testicular cancer is often curable if found and treated at an early stage.
Testicular cancer is one of the more rare forms of the disease.
Testicular cancer is one of the most common cancers in young men.
Testicular cancer is one of the most curable forms of cancer.
Testicular cancer is one of the most curable forms of the disease.
Testicular cancer is rare before puberty.
Testicular cancer is rare but is easily treated if spotted early.
Testicular cancer is serious stuff.
Testicular cancer is still rare in spite of the steady increase.
Testicular cancer is usually curable even when thedisease is advanced.
Testicular cancer is very curable in the early stages.
Testicular cancer kills hundreds of men each year in America when undiagnosed.
Testicular cancer represents the most common solid tumors for men of college age.
Testicular cancer starts in the testicles , and is most common in young men .
Testicular cancer starts in the testicles, and is most common in young men.
Testicular cancers are very rare and almost always benign.
Testicular cancers have a good cure rate when caught early, so discovering the tumor is important.
All testicular cancers are highly sensitive to treatment.
Most testicular cancers develop in the sperm-producing cells and are classified as seminomas.
Testicular carcinoma includes embryonal cell, choriocarcinoma, and teratocarcinoma.
Testicular dissymmetry is a common clinical presentation.
Testicular enlargement is most commonly the first physical sign of puberty in males.
Most testicular growth occurs from nine to twelve months of age.
Testicular hydrocele is a disfiguring enlargement of the scrotum.
Testicular implants are pouches that are placed in the scrotum.
Testicular injuries are painful, often require surgery, and can result in a loss of the organ.
Testicular lymphoma is associated with a high incidence of extranodal recurrence.
Testicular mumps is another cause.
Testicular necrosis is where there is death of regions of the testis.
Testicular pain can be due to trauma or infection.
Testicular pain is a symptom of torsion.
Testicular secretions drive the masculinization of the reproductive system.
Testicular seminomas are the most frequently occuring tumors in young men.
Testicular sperm leave the testis through the rete testis.
Testicular torsion is a clinical diagnosis.
Testicular torsion is a surgical emergency.
Testicular tumors are extremely rare in pigs and cats.
Testicular tumors are one such example.
Testicular tumors are very common in older dogs.
Some testicular tumors produce proteins, which can be detected in the blood called tumor markers.
Testicular ultrasound is a very useful tool in describing the characteristics of a scrotal mass.
Testicular ultrasound is used to confirm the diagnosis.
Testimonial evidence is likely to be used as well.
Testimonial evidence is what someone says under oath or affirmation at the hearing.
Testimonial letters are available and patents are issued and pending.
Testimonial is evidence
Testimonials abound supporting progesterone cream.
Testimonials add believability.
Testimonials also are more effective when they are from experts or people with congruous experience.
Testimonials also encourage greater participation from other institutions in promoting the guide.
Testimonials are a great way to gain credibility.
Testimonials are a valuable sales tool.
Testimonials are also important tools in the perception game.
Testimonials are also invaluable in designing research.
Testimonials are always welcome.
Testimonials are an effective way of screening out the good from the bad.
Testimonials are an extremely powerful tool.
Testimonials are available below and on other pages in the site.
Testimonials are available on request.
Testimonials are easy to come by, and they come from teenagers, seniors, and all ages in between.
Testimonials are good as far as they go.
Testimonials are illegal.
Testimonials are inherently selective.
Testimonials are on our international site here.
Testimonials are one of the most effective means of promoting a product.
Testimonials are one of the most powerful ways to persuade someone.
Testimonials are one thing, but proof is another.
Testimonials are plentiful.
Testimonials are powerful because they generate immediate trust.
Testimonials are powerful marketing messages.
Testimonials are powerful marketing tools in any culture.
Testimonials are printed under aliases to protect privacy, and edited for length.
Testimonials are probably the most powerful tool one can have.
Testimonials are proof.
Testimonials are statements from alleged satisfied customers.
Testimonials are the most popular tools of deception used by modern day marketers.
Testimonials are the sole support.
Testimonials are the strongest form of advertisement a company, product or service can have.
Testimonials are very important credibility builders.
Testimonials are very persuasive and effective.
Testimonials are very powerful.
Testimonials are welcome.
Testimonials are when individuals offer anecdotal evidence based on personal experience.
Testimonials arrive abundantly in the daily mail.
Testimonials build trust by allowing the prospect to picture themselves as the customer.
Testimonials can be very effective.
Testimonials carry an amazing spectrum of biases, even in situations with high levels of conviction.
Testimonials carry clout with customers.
Testimonials carry tremendous weight.
Testimonials Check out the employment opportunities for our graduates.
Testimonials Choosing a builder is a very important decision to make.
Testimonials defuse potential problems and client objections.
Testimonials Feel free to view our client list and testimonials .
Testimonials Find people.
Testimonials Following are excerpts from letters received from satisfied clients.
Testimonials Get the inside track from the experts.
Testimonials Growing a business is like growing corn.
Testimonials have zero scientific value.
Testimonials Hear from people using colostrum and the benefits they have received.
Testimonials Hear from satisfied merchants.
Testimonials Hear what other users have said.
Testimonials Hear what our participants and program sponsors are saying about the organization.
Testimonials help as well.
Testimonials help persuade the potential customer to purchase the product.
Testimonials indicate strong user satisfaction.
Testimonials Join our list of happy clients.
Testimonials keep coming in from customers whose satisfaction is our primary goal.
Testimonials Keep it simple, safe and effective.
Testimonials Let our clients speak for our work.
Testimonials Moving is a stressful endeavor.
Testimonials provide insight to career options and offer direction to uncertain students.
Testimonials Read about what some of our customers are saying about our products and services.
Testimonials Read the stories of others who have healed themselves.
Testimonials Read what everyone is saying about the world's best soccer travel package provider.
Testimonials Read what other users have been saying about our graphical adventure games.
Testimonials Read what others are saying about our services.
Testimonials Read what others have to say.
Testimonials Read what our clients have to say about our work.
Testimonials Read what our clients have to say.
Testimonials Read what our customers are saying.
Testimonials Read what our customers think of our bus and coach tours.
Testimonials Read what our satisfied customers say.
Testimonials Read what our students have to say about our excellent program.
Testimonials Read what participants have written about the workshop.
Testimonials Read what past participants have written about the workshop.
Testimonials Read what people are saying about our line of women's designer clothing.
Testimonials Read what people from all over the world have to say about their experience.
Testimonials Read what some of our customers are saying about our products and services.
Testimonials Read what some of our happy subscribers have to say about our service.
Testimonials Read what some participants had to say about their experience.
Testimonials Read what some satisfied customers have to say about their stay.
Testimonials Read what some satisifed clients had to say about our services.
Testimonials reflect the personal experience of each person quoted.
Testimonials report that membership helps make more sales.
Testimonials represent best case results.
Testimonials Request additional information or make a reservation.
Testimonials See what others have to say about our websites.
Testimonials See what our clients are saying about laser vision correction.
Testimonials See what our customers say about our company.
Testimonials See what people are saying about our products.
Testimonials sound better with dramatic turning points, but life is usually more complicated.
Testimonials speak to potential customers in a honest, believable way.
Testimonials tell the story.
Testimonials Traveling to Vietnam for a cycling tour can be a big decision.
Testimonials work anywhere.
All testimonials are available for inspection on request.
All testimonials are from real past clients.
All testimonials are genuine.
All testimonials are in writing and kept on file for review.
All testimonials are on file for inspection.
All testimonials are on file.
All testimonials are real.
ALL testimonials are welcome.
Many testimonials abound, but no scientific evidence supports their claims.
Many testimonials talk of extremely fast networking, combined with super uptimes.
More Testimonials View a sample issue here .
Some testimonials are complete fabrications.
Some testimonials are just complete fabrications.
Testimonials evidence is by definition biased and unreliable.
Testimonies abound about answered prayer.
Testimonies abound to support both sides of the claim.
Testimonies are a valuable addition to any church web-site too .
Testimonies are available for download.
Testimonies are cited merely by their designated numbers.
Testimonies are crucial.
Testimonies are forthcoming.
Testimonies are powerful.
Testimonies are usually simple, reflexive professions of faith.
Testimonies can be a powerful force to building godly homes.
Testimonies Find out what our workshop participants have to say.
Testimonies have powerful impersonal intentions.
Testimonies run about two hours, and are conducted in survivors' homes.
Testimonies speak of hearing shots there.
Testimonies tell of transformed lives.
Testimonies tend to create a revival atmosphere.
Testimony abounds about the relief of chest pain that occurs after a series of treatments.
Testimony begins after a jury is selected.
Testimony begins today.
Testimony below is listed in descending order by date given.
Testimony can be both verbal and written.
Testimony can be brief, or can take many months to complete.
Testimony can be in person or submitted in writing.
Testimony can be issue-coded or categorized as it is happening.
Testimony can cover thousands of pages.
Testimony comes by revealed action.
Testimony comes from across the political spectrum.
Testimony comes from trustworthy persons and from revelation.
Testimony consists of statements made by witnesses under oath.
Testimony contains sexually explicit details.
Testimony continues in the first Orange County, California, bankruptcy criminal trial.
Testimony continues today in the case in which hundreds ofmillions are at stake for each company.
Testimony continues today in the case.
Testimony continues today.
Testimony continues tomorrow.
Testimony describing a defendant invoking constitutional rights is improper.
Testimony gives voice to the magnificence and quiet majesty of southern Utah's wilderness lands.
Testimony has more weight than comment because testimony is evidence given under oath.
Testimony having that intent and so limited as to achieve that intent is error.
Testimony includes engineers, architects, building officials and property owners.
Testimony includes witnesses impeached on the stand.
Testimony indicates the bucket gave the vehicle a high center of gravity.
Testimony is a major element in the piety of evangelicalism.
Testimony is a spiritual practice with a long history in the Christian community.
Testimony is about tax credits as a solution to the problem of long-term care.
Testimony is additional and can be seen on the testimony form.
Testimony is also sufficient for tracing funds.
Testimony is also well dealt with.
Testimony is assertions.
Testimony is available on the subcommittee website .
Testimony is available online.
Testimony is based on fidelity to a light or, to use another language, to a grace received.
Testimony is estimated to take about two weeks.
Testimony is evidence
Testimony is evidence.
Testimony is evidence.
Testimony is given under oath and documentary exhibits are submitted.
Testimony is given under oath, a legally binding promise to tell the truth.
Testimony is given under oath.
Testimony is given.
Testimony is good, and can sway votes.
Testimony is heard from both sides.
Testimony is in Spanish.
Testimony is limited to listed agenda issues only.
Testimony is limited to ten minutes per person and a written copy of the comments is requested.
Testimony is material if it is relevant to a main or collateral issue on trial.
Testimony is oral evidence on any relevant matter given by a witness who is under oath.
Testimony is part of trials.
Testimony is presented here for downloading.
Testimony is presented in person or by written statement.
Testimony is recorded verbatim by a court reporter or electronically.
Testimony is required in Court and recommendations for disposition are made.
Testimony is scheduled to continue today in the trial.
Testimony is scheduled to end with a ruling to follow on that motion today.
Testimony is scheduled to resume today.
Testimony is statements made by a witness under oath at the trial.
Testimony is sure.
Testimony is taken under oath and evidence is presented.
Testimony is taken under oath and the proceedings are recorded.
Testimony is taken under oath.
Testimony is the declaration of deep experience and conviction, which great teachers possess.
Testimony is the most common evidence provided at grievance hearings.
Testimony is the word of a well-known person to endorse an idea.
Testimony is thin and unconvincing.
Testimony is under oath or affirmation before a certified court reporter.
Testimony is under oath.
Testimony is welcome at the meeting or by submission of a written statement in advance.
Testimony is what is given in a trial.
Testimony refers to Scripture.
Testimony regarding economic damages is presented by a confident, credible and persuasive witness.
Testimony regarding the southern edge of the site is potentially relevant.
Testimony resumes today.
Testimony resumes tomorrow.
Testimonies usually follow, with an offering taken for one of our outreach ministries of the church.
All testimony concerning resolutions to the HOD occurs at the reference committee hearings.
All testimony given at the hearing is taken under oath and tape-recorded.
All testimony is confidential within the confines of the investigative panel.
All testimony is given under oath and is tape-recorded.
All testimony is given under oath or affirmation, and the hearing is tape recorded.
All testimony is subject to cross-examination.
All testimony is taken separately.
All testimony is taken under sworn oath.
All testimony is to be made under oath.
All testimony is under oath and recorded.
All testimony is under oath or affirmation.
Many testimonies have the photos also of the individual.
Some testimonies are droll, others more pointed than the toughest lyric.
Some testimonies contain misleading or false information.
Testing devices are important for the development and evaluation of multimedia products.
Testing kits are available at nurseries and garden centers.
Testing kits are commercially available for detecting lead.
Testing time can cause anxiety with everyone.
Testing time is an hour.
Testing time is approximately an hour and a half.
Testing time is approximately eight hours.
Testing time is approximately four hours.
Testing time is approximately twenty minutes.
Testing time is approximately two and a half hours.
Testing time is considered as length of service.
Testing time is over.
Testing time is recommended within two hours, or as quickly as feasible.
Testing times are by appointemnt only.
Testing times are flexible and participants are reimbursed for time and travel expenses.
Testing times are normally available within a day.
Testing times vary with each office.
Testing tools are awesome.
Testing tools support effective testing from requirements to deployment.
Testing acts as a strong additional deterrent to client use and allows for user accountability.
Testing adds a lot of stress to people, and high-schoolers have enough stress.
Testing adds more to a strained budget and creates more paperwork.
Testing allows educators and parents to help children early, so that no child is left behind.
Testing allows for early intervention that can prevent catastrophic illness and death.
Testing also can provide a powerful educational and motivation tool.
Testing are examinations.
Testing are experiments.
Testing are human activities.
Testing are performance testing.
Testing assumes faults have escaped the design and programming process.
Testing based on software fault injection is performed and performance-related analysis is provided.
Testing based on the induction of tumors in whole animals usually requires more than two years.
Testing based on the source code is referred to as white-box testing.
Testing based on the specification is referred to as black-box testing.
Testing Be sensitive to the student's reactions to aspects of assessment.
Testing becomes all the more crucial as the nuclear stockpile ages.
Testing becomes more comprehensive.
Testing begins as soon as possible.
Testing begins automatically.
Testing begins in the ninth grade.
Testing begins in two weeks.
Testing begins on backpack flying vehicles designed for vertical takeoff and landing.
Testing begins on the first day of classes and ends on the last day of classes.
Testing begins on time.
Testing begins promptly at the scheduled time.
Testing begins promptly on the hour.
Testing begins the sixth week of the school semester.
Testing begins there.
Testing begins with the push of one button.
Testing brings with it the whole of our academic experiences.
Testing builds endurance.
Testing can also be equivocal.
Testing can also be necessary for multimedia synchronization.
Testing can also detect PCBs in human fat or breast milk.
Testing can also reveal more enduring aspects of our personality.
Testing can be a double-edge sword.
Testing can be a powerful educational tool.
Testing can be a problem, however, when a number of systems are interrelated.
Testing can be a sticky issue for test takers.
Testing can be a time consuming and expensive process.
Testing can be a very valuable tool if it is done correctly and in the proper situations.
Testing can be an ongoing process.
Testing can be confidential or anonymous .
Testing can be easy and inexpensive.
Testing can be formal or informal and can be job specific.
Testing can be formal or informal.
Testing Can Be Formal, Too.
Testing can be more tiring than racing.
Testing can be portable or by using a fixture that rotates the tire.
Testing can be quite costly when done properly.
Testing can be routine to protect the whole population, and to avoid stigma.
Testing can be useful as an adjunct.
Testing can be useful during initial development, before a redesign, or as a periodic checkup.
Testing can be useful for diverse reasons.
Testing can be very useful for families and students to learn about the student's strengths.
Testing can begin immediately on chemicals subject to voluntary testing agreements.
Testing can confirm or disconfirm the hypotheses.
Testing can damage the system and cause a malfunction.
Testing can damage the trust relationship between teacher and student.
Testing can detect dirt, metal particles, fuel, water, coolant, acids and other contaminants.
Testing can determine at what loft a particular player gets most carry.
Testing can determine whether filtration or bottled water are worthwhile investments.
Testing can even start in early prototype phases.
Testing can extend beyond the criteria needed to establish a diagnosis.
Testing can fail to cover key customer environments.
Testing can indicate physiologic benefit.
Testing can make a school look real good.
Testing can move forward.
Testing can only prove the presence of bugs.
Testing can present a challenge.
Testing can prevent a costly mistake.
Testing can proceed as planned with confidence in the positive control as originally intended.
Testing can quickly become a dominant part of a product's cost.
Testing can quickly become a nightmare.
Testing can range from one afternoon to several days.
Testing can relieve anxiety, especially if the test has a negative results.
Testing can result in unfairness.
Testing can significantly reduce the risks associated with internal promotion decisions.
Testing can take as little as two days.
Testing can take place at almost any stage of development - in general, the earlier the better.
Testing can take place at almost any stage of development in general, the earlier the better.
Testing can then continue throughout the pregnancy until farrowing.
Testing ceases at a given level that is the test-taker's highest sustainable performance.
Testing Check the product to ensure that it complies with accessibility requirements.
Testing cited by the incinerator industry is highly flawed.
Testing claims for on-line conferences.
Testing claims to knowledge in biology and medicine.
Testing comes next.
Testing concludes at Barcelona tomorrow.
Testing concludes today.
Testing concludes with the breaking.
Testing confirms successful connection to Perm.
Testing consists of a slalom, figure eight, handbrake turn, and reversing course.
Testing consists of a written examination, a physical agility test, and an oral interview.
Testing consists of appropriate screen and confirmation of any positive.
Testing consists of measuring body fat, flexibility and cardiovascular endurance.
Testing consists of module tests and a cumulative common final exam.
Testing consists of module tests, a midterm, and a cumulative common final exam.
Testing consists of three sessions, two for the testing itself with one more to go over the results.
Testing consists of unannounced quizzes, chapter tests, a written and oral midterm and final.
Testing continues ad hoc.
Testing continues and minor correction implemented.
Testing continues annually for three years after which time it is biannual.
Testing continues but is limited due to the pregnancy.
Testing continues by completing the current test and executing subsequent tests.
Testing continues for other configurations.
Testing continues on a weekly basis.
Testing continues on performance, reliability, cost of operations and emissions.
Testing continues on the aluminum vacuum chamber prototype.
Testing continues on the RF board with good results and testing begins on the digital board.
Testing continues through the summer.
Testing continues throughout the year on a monthly basis.
Testing continues throughout the year, approximately twice a week.
Testing continues to determine the effect Barrier has on hog performance and herd health.
Testing continues tomorrow.
Testing continues with one-step sparring first then free sparring.
Testing continues with the visual interferometer and illumination has been significantly improved.
Testing continues within the group as well.
Testing continues, but at a reduced frequency.
Testing costs a lot and can delay release of a product to market.
Testing covers math, English, writing and reading skills.
Testing covers perception, reaction behavior and concentration.
Testing covers reading, writing, computation, and algebra.
Testing covers the area of methods, tactics, laws, team management and practical coaching.
Testing creates a new group of patients.
Testing creates a psychological climate of immense fear.
Testing customarily done for routine care is billed to insurance carriers.
Testing damages the condoms.
Testing denoted by italics require prior approval.
Testing depends on simple design, and pair programming.
Testing depends on the clinical situation.
Testing depends on the drugs most commonly used in the hospital.
Testing depends on the problem.
Testing depends on their personal history, family history and genetic makeup.
Testing depends on what is found during the physical examination.
Testing depends upon individual attendance and progress.
Testing describes the use of tests for some purpose.
Testing determines if the woman has a regular ovulatory pattern.
Testing determines the proper wrist to wear the bracelet.
Testing dictates the curriculum.
Testing distributed applications is often complex.
Testing does include the regional campuses.
Testing done with time accommodations is provided on the main campus in a small group setting.
Testing done, it's time to proceed.
Testing dovetails into documentation.
Testing employs the honor system .
Testing enables teachers and parents to know who is falling behind and who needs help.
Testing enjoys broad popular support.
Testing ensures a program runs correctly.
Testing ensures that all areas have been covered.
Testing ensures the student's accurate placement within the program.
Testing ensures the use of accurate formats and claims data quality.
Testing equals accountability.
Testing establishes minimum competence.
Testing extends to interfaces with key business partners.
Testing falls into three main categories.
Testing first makes the code testable.
Testing focuses on instructional utility rather than on product stability or viability.
Testing follow written test procedures and test cases covering all aspects of the code.
Testing follows finding and fixing date processing.
Testing follows registration.
Testing generally focuses on memory, attention, mental processing speed, and motor speed.
Testing generally is available on demand.
Testing generates more work necessary to insure safe, efficient and reliable operation.
Testing gets in the way.
Testing gives the multicar team owner a tremendous advantage.
Testing gives the vegetable producer information on the available nutrient level in the soil.
Testing has legitimate uses even in the delicate arena of human reproduction.
Testing has particular difficulties in organic projects such as Teleworking.
Testing has to be done quickly, in line with today's high-throughput lines.
Testing has to be performed with the allergen against which the patient is allergic.
Testing has to do with individuals.
Testing helps assure eligibility for special schools, programs and extra-curricular activities.
Testing helps assure that standards are met.
Testing helps schools identify weaknesses.
Testing helps the therapist design a program of treatment.
Testing helps to differentiate between seemingly similar candidates, reducing selection risks.
Testing helps ward off excessive enthusiasm.
Testing here is all about scale-up.
Testing here is fine, however.
Testing immediately post-exposure is of no value without a later convalescent specimen.
Testing implies that data are compared to see if there are major differences between groups.
Testing improves viral meningitis diagnosis.
Testing includes a product's subcomponents.
Testing includes an interpretation session with a career consultant.
Testing includes both stress tests and crash tests of the production environment.
Testing includes energy efficiency, product durability, quality, and much, much more.
Testing includes flexibility, percent body fat and more.
Testing includes fuel consumption, wick endurance and combustion gas analysis.
Testing includes immunohistochemistry and frozen section screening.
Testing includes Internet perimeter, network architecture, and end-user computing resources.
Testing includes metals analysis and sulfur testing.
Testing includes obtaining a blood carboxyhemoglobin concentration.
Testing includes physical testing as well as chemical analysis.
Testing includes piezoelectric as well as mechanical and microstructural properties.
Testing includes pre-employment, random and for cause.
Testing includes soil, concrete, aggregate, and asphalt.
Testing includes solar, electric, hybrid, fuel cell and gaseous fuel vehicles.
Testing includes specifying the test that are to be performed in the permit space.
Testing includes specifying the tests that are to be performed in the permit space.
Testing includes speed and accuracy, data entry, error detection, and a letter.
Testing includes static, renewal and flowthrough methodologies.
Testing includes the interview process, general information, and drawing skills.
Testing includes user codes.
Testing includes vision, hearing, and tuberculin skin test.
Testing includes, where appropriate, tension, compression, torsion, bending, shear and columns.
Testing indicates a high possibility of bore failure, due to numerous rocks near the river.
Testing indicates good flexibility and resistance to changing environments.
Testing indicates that a large number of clusters is almost always best.
Testing indicates that our coatings are worm-proof.
Testing indicates that the size of the results can now be least one megabyte.
Testing indicates the same frequency, voltage range, and power consumption regardless.
Testing initially is for the usual route of infection which is vertical from mother to infant.
Testing involves a limited number of subjects, who are generally followed for a very short time.
Testing involves reading letters,words, or text displayed on charts or computer screens.
Testing involves sampling student knowledge.
Testing involves simulating two-way communications with the satellite in a special chamber.
Testing involves the frequent use of hazardous chemicals.
Testing is a batch process that runs every morning.
Testing is a big job.
Testing is a complex subject.
Testing is a complicated issue in itself.
Testing is a component of the maintenance.
Testing is a constant chore, but the bikes are awesome.
Testing is a continual ongoing, dynamic process.
Testing is a critical component of the manufacturing function.
Testing is a critical component of the selection process.
Testing is a critical element of proper installation.
Testing is a critical part of the web development process.
Testing is a critical part of Web development.
Testing is a critical step in the process.
Testing is a delicate matter.
Testing is a discipline that is as important or more so than design or development.
Testing is a high priority.
Testing is a hot issue all over the country.
Testing is a key aspect of direct marketing.
Testing is a little tedious and laborious.
Testing is a method for strengthening things.
Testing is a necessary evil.
Testing is a neglected stepchild.
Testing is a part of our interviewing process and shift work is a necessity of our operation.
Testing is a politically charged issue as well.
Testing is a process of executing a program with the intent of finding an error.
Testing is a process of verifying that a program does what it is supposed to do.
Testing is a process that can be conducted in a manual or an automated fashion.
Testing is a proxy for the customer.
Testing is a quality control method, as are inspections.
Testing is a related area.
Testing is a start.
Testing is a stepping-stone toward instilling competition into school systems across the country.
Testing is a subset of evaluation.
Testing is a technique for obtaining information in an organized, reliable, and valid manner.
Testing is a thermometer for the health of education.
Testing is a topic of critical importance, but one that is often overlooked.
Testing is a two-part process.
Testing is a very important part of the educational process.
Testing is a very important part of the evaluation process.
Testing is a very sophisticated technology which is very demanding.
Testing is a vital part of developing and deploying an effective corporate Website.
Testing is a vital requirement for achieving and maintaining such compatibility.
Testing is a way of measuring differences in treatment.
Testing is a way of sorting out candidates.
Testing is a way to measure that.
Testing is a wonderful constraint.
Testing is a world unto itself.
Testing is about assessing how well an individual student learns.
Testing is about feedback - knowing what works and when.
Testing is absolutely critical for electronic and mechanical equipment.
Testing is absolutely essential to understand any material s behavior.
Testing is absolutely vital.
Testing is accomplished by comparing a known good microphone to a suspect microphone.
Testing is accomplished by placing a tablespoon of the feces on the back of the tongue.
Testing is accomplished using materials laboratory equipment.
Testing is administered and graded during the same day.
Testing is administered at the center.
Testing is administered at the end of each phase via a written test.
Testing is advised for anyone who has ever had unprotected sex or shared needles.
Testing is advised whenever there is an increased risk of exposure to lead-based paint hazards.
Testing is aimed at couples of child-bearing age.
Testing is aimed at outbreaks, and requires prior arrangement in order to submit samples.
Testing is almost always a life crisis.
Testing is already a part of the regular routine in public schools across the country.
Testing is already a reality for our customers.
Testing is already in progress for many systems.
Testing is also a good time to try out variations to the procedure outlined here.
Testing is also a major challenge.
Testing is also a requirement for wind turbine certification.
Testing is also an important component of several other plastics classes.
Testing is also available in Spanish.
Testing is also available on a non-contract basis.
Testing is also available over the internet.
Testing is also available through the coordinator's office.
Testing is also available to diagnose allergic contact dermatitis.
Testing is also available when necessary.
Testing is also available.
Testing is also crucial.
Testing is also easier, since there is less new code to test.
Testing is also essential.
Testing is also haphazard, inconclusive and expensive.
Testing is also important in order that problems with learning can be identified.
Testing is also underway to explore the card's suitability for security and other uses.
Testing is also very helpful for devising avoidance strategies.
Testing is always a controversial issue.
Testing is always a matter of timing, time, and money.
Testing is always incomplete.
Testing is an activity necessary in all phases of a development or maintenance project.
Testing is an art in and of itself.
Testing is an effective means to evaluate whether a participant learned.
Testing is an effective way promote studying and assessing progress.
Testing is an essential ingredient in ensuring that no child is left behind.
Testing is an essential part of a model's career, whether a new model or an established model.
Testing is an essential part of software development.
Testing is an essential part of the cleaning process, and is performed on a regular basis.
Testing is an essential, key part of the education overhaul.
Testing is an example of an appropriate entry for the tasks table.
Testing is an expensive investment.
Testing is an expensive process but can be done at buyers request at a higher seed cost.
Testing is an experience where the child is actively involved.
Testing is an extremely important part of a copper regimen and can determine success or failure.
Testing is an implicit part of each assignment.
Testing is an important bellwether to determine if our goals are being met.
Testing is an important but complex and time consuming part of each year.
Testing is an important part of a project.
Testing is an important part of engineering.
Testing is an important part of martial arts training.
Testing is an important part of our readiness plan.
Testing is an important step in building a reliable voice-mail system.
Testing is an indispensable technique for the validation of reactive systems.
Testing is an integral part of ensuring risk exposure is at a minimum.
Testing is an integral part of instruction.
Testing is an integral part of site development and design.
Testing is an integral part of that mission.
Testing is an integral part of the learning process.
Testing is an interactive process.
Testing is an ongoing process.
Testing is an ongoing, dynamic process and is necessary for a successful ad campaign.
Testing is an open-ended process.
Testing is an opportunity to demonstrate knowledge that the student has mastered.
Testing is an unending process.
Testing is anonymous No appts.
Testing is anonymous.
Testing is another key ingredient.
Testing is arranged by the student and department chairperson.
Testing is arranged through a voucher system.
Testing is arranged upon return of an application and testing fee.
Testing is as for incremental maintenance.
Testing is at the Airport's expense.
Testing is at the expense of the housing authority.
Testing is at the heart of the battle to win user-hearts and minds, and cut costs.
Testing is automated where possible and checklist driven.
Testing is automatic and releases are frequent.
Testing is available and it comes in the body.
Testing is available anonymously and confidentially.
Testing is available as well.
Testing is available at parents' requests for any of the above services.
Testing is available at twenty local testing sites in New Hampshire.
Testing is available before entering to insure correct placement.
Testing is available by appointment.
Testing is available during all hours of operation.
Testing is available during mandated state testing dates.
Testing is available every day, except Sundays and most major holidays.
Testing is available for a reasonable fee from commercial testing laboratories.
Testing is available for children and adults.
Testing is available for learning disabilities, giftedness, and learning styles.
Testing is available for select Saturdays by appointment.
Testing is available for students living overseas.
Testing is available for students, faculty, and staff.
Testing is available from private companies and state universities.
Testing is available from private companies.
Testing is available in Canada in Vancouver, Saskatoon, Toronto, Montreal and Halifax.
Testing is available in English and Japanese, and the Western European languages.
Testing is available in English, Japanese, and English, and the Western European languages.
Testing is available in our assessment center to determine abilities and aptitudes.
Testing is available in Spanish, audio cassette and large print format.
Testing is available in Spanish.
Testing is available locally for both technical and non-technical applications.
Testing is available on an outpatient and inpatient basis.
Testing is available on specific, predetermined dates.
Testing is available once every semester.
Testing is available only on a walk-in basis.
Testing is available through the education center.
Testing is available through the state of Florida's new hotline.
Testing is available to predict the presence of patellar luxation in a dog.
Testing is available to screen for certain birth defects.
Testing is available year-round in many locations.
Testing is available year-round in many sites.
Testing is available, but only as a screening test and of little value in nestling birds.
Testing is available.
Testing is basically a three step process.
Testing is best suited for persons at a realistic risk of infection.
Testing is best, if circumstances permit.
Testing is boring work for most business owners.
Testing is both easy and inexpensive.
Testing is by appointment only .
Testing is by appointment only and can be done during the week, as well as on weekends.
Testing is by appointment only and test dates are available during daytime and evening hours.
Testing is by appointment only.
Testing is by appointment.
Testing is by urine microscopy.
Testing is cast as a generic change-point problem, or probabilistic diagnostics.
Testing is certified by date and serial number.
Testing is characterized by extensive collaboration among clinicians.
Testing is cheap.
Testing is clearly one main issue.
Testing is closely related to inspection, but can be more sophisticated.
Testing is closely related to our business.
Testing is commenced as positions become available.
Testing is complete and contingency plans are in place.
Testing is complete on all mainframe business systems.
Testing is complete when all tests have been executed correctly and reviewed.
Testing is complete with the report presented to the client.
Testing is complete.
Testing is completely confidential.
Testing is completely up to the individual, but it is highly recommened.
Testing is complicated because the genes are personalised to each family.
Testing is computer monitored, and completed reports are ready to be presented for approvals.
Testing is conducted as needed and announcements sent to the candidates.
Testing is conducted as needed.
Testing is conducted at atmospheric pressure.
Testing is conducted during preregistration and registration each semester.
Testing is conducted evenings by appointment.
Testing is conducted for the purposes of variety release and variety evaluation.
Testing is conducted in the classroom.
Testing is conducted in the field or in our laboratories equipped with hemi-anechoic test cells.
Testing is conducted on a daily, weekly, quarterly and annual basis.
Testing is conducted on a regular basis in the Southwestern Michigan area.
Testing is conducted on a walk-in basis and no application is required to take the tests.
Testing is conducted on actual end use samples under pressure in a flowing system.
Testing is conducted once a month.
Testing is conducted prior to and throughout each semester, and remedial options are provided.
Testing is conducted six times per year.
Testing is conducted three times during the school year.
Testing is conducted to either acute or chronic endpoints.
Testing is conducted twice a month.
Testing is conducted very two years, sometimes more often if student support is available.
Testing is conducted within a controlled, repeatable environment.
Testing is confidential, but a fee is required.
Testing is confidential.
Testing is confined to test running, and sandwiched between code writing and project completion.
Testing is considered continuous as dates can be set at any time.
Testing is consistent, repeatable.
Testing is continuous, sometimes daily and door to door.
Testing is critical and time consuming.
Testing is critical for newly developed systems.
Testing is critical to ensure the systems are working correctly prior to full implementation.
Testing is critical.
Testing is crucial in making sure it comes to fruition.
Testing is crucial to business continuity.
Testing is currently for multiple conductors.
Testing is currently free.
Testing is currently in process.
Testing is currently in progress.
Testing is currently under way in a number of schools around London.
Testing is currently underway at a military laboratory.
Testing is currently underway to determine the fuel economy on Manitoba's road conditions.
Testing is currently underway.
Testing is defined in terms of both breath and blood now.
Testing is definitely important.
Testing is different.
Testing is done a single track at a time, as a compromise between speed and wasted space.
Testing is done and special materials are used to enhance the textbooks.
Testing is done annually at the same time as the safety inspection.
Testing is done at an agreed upon site, usually near the student's home or a regular high school.
Testing is done at different environmental conditions within the datasheet spec.
Testing is done at import by statistical sampling plans that miss most of the actual imports.
Testing is done at most of the libraries where telecourses are offered.
Testing is done at random and unannounced.
Testing is done at the ministry of health laboratory and through a private lab.
Testing is done at the pharmacy during certain hours of the day and evening.
Testing is done at the respective high schools and homework.
Testing is done at the start of each term.
Testing is done before any assisted reproduction is started.
Testing is done by appointment in Pasadena, CA in a comfortable suite with garden surroundings.
Testing is done by appointment only.
Testing is done by appointment.
Testing is done by examination of vaginal fluid.
Testing is done by measuring the bodies' level of testosterone to epitosterone.
Testing is done by school groups and other groups, composed primarily of families and adults.
Testing is done by taking a water sample, and culturing colonies on agar plates in a laboratory.
Testing is done by the fragrance industry on the effects of fragrance chemicals on the skin.
Testing is done during the eighth month of the academic school year.
Testing is done each fall and spring semester.
Testing is done either online or via email.
Testing is done everywhere, on everything.
Testing is done in a quiet, comfortable environment.
Testing is done in four-hour sessions.
Testing is done in real system environment with the latest tools and techniques.
Testing is done in the afternoons and evenings.
Testing is done in the dark.
Testing is done in writing, reading, mathematics, and citizenship.
Testing is done monthly.
Testing is done often.
Testing is done on a computer.
Testing is done on a drop-in basis.
Testing is done on a walk-in basis unless otherwise indicated.
Testing is done on a weekly and monthly basis, but is less intrusive than before.
Testing is done on both the influent and effluent for plant efficiency and monitoring process.
Testing is done on children up to six years of age.
Testing is done on safety and appropriate use of tools and techniques.
Testing is done on the dorsal and plantar aspects of feet and toes.
Testing is done on the placement of monitors, outlets, amplifiers, and microphones.
Testing is done online as well.
Testing is done only after appropriate genetic counselling has been undertaken.
Testing is done periodically through the high school to update students service needs.
Testing is done prior to the season's start as well as randomly throughout the year.
Testing is done regularly to monitor people's fitness level.
Testing is done remotely and can be repeated more than once.
Testing is done several times a week and is the first step in our screening process.
Testing is done several times a week in a combination of random and scheduled testings.
Testing is done the second week of every month.
Testing is done through analysis of a blood sample or cells collected from inside the mouth.
Testing is done to determine the exact strain and a vaccine is developed accordingly.
Testing is done to diagnose the type of seizure disorder the patient has.
Testing is done to examine speech, language, coordination, and tremor activation, if any.
Testing is done to help determine choices of therapy that are going to be most effective.
Testing is done to rule out other causes of the symptoms.
Testing is done using a series of daily quizzes that cover the previous one or two lectures.
Testing is done using an interactive debugger with a hardware test set.
Testing is done using earphones thereby allowing each ear to be examined independently.
Testing is done using full scale operations as well as computer modelling and simulations.
Testing is done using the same blood samples as are used now.
Testing is done weekly and both morning and evening testing is available.
Testing is done with a simple and accurate DNA based blood test.
Testing is done with a special hypoallergenic diet.
Testing is done without the use of blood or needles, using an oral swab method.
Testing is easier than it looks.
Testing is easier to unify into one team.
Testing is easy and cost effective.
Testing is easy and inexpensive.
Testing Is Easy And Inexpensive.
Testing is easy to do.
Testing is easy, inexpensive and recommended for all New Jersey homes.
Testing is easy.
Testing is encouraged.
Testing is enhanced with scripts that mimic realistic network applications.
Testing is especially important in systems where bacteria is found.
Testing is essential .
Testing is essential for proper development and maintenance of standards-based products.
Testing is essential to maintaining the integrity of the certification process.
Testing is essential.
Testing is every even month at the New Eagle municipal building.
Testing is everything.
Testing is expensive and time-consuming.
Testing is expensive.
Testing is fairly straightforward.
Testing is fast - as brief as fifteen seconds per ear under optimal conditions.
Testing is fast, dry, and repeatable.
Testing is fast, easy, and painless.
Testing is finished on splits, transfers, and budgeting.
Testing is followed by final data conversion and roll out.
Testing is for wimps.
Testing is fraught with other issues of contention.
Testing is free .
Testing is free and anonymous and results are given by appointment only.
Testing is free and confidential.
Testing is free and often takes an hour to complete.
Testing is free of charge.
Testing is free to the public.
Testing is free.
Testing is frequent and covers small amounts of material.
Testing is gender independent.
Testing is generally simple and inexpensive.
Testing is generally very formal.
Testing is generally very simple, but it is also time consuming.
Testing is given on a quarterly basis.
Testing is hard because so many people are required to try one game.
Testing is hard work.
Testing is heavily reliant on ground commanding.
Testing is held and positions are filled as needed.
Testing is held each month at various centers across the state.
Testing is held every four weeks where students have the opportunity to move to higher levels.
Testing is held on a quarterly schedule.
Testing is held on the last day with use of a radar gun and timing device.
Testing is held once a semester for belt rank advancement.
Testing is held several times per year in a variety of places.
Testing is highly recommended.
Testing is imperative to prevent diseases that affect women.
Testing is important as a mile stone and for focusing.
Testing is important because it is at the heart of scientific methodology.
Testing is important for both high quality dairy hay as well hay that is off-color.
Testing is important whenever there is any question about air quality.
Testing is important.
Testing is improved as well.
Testing is in full gear as teams prepare for the season opener.
Testing is in groups, but feedback is individual and confidential.
Testing is in one month.
Testing is in process.
Testing is in progress.
Testing is in the news.
Testing is included and results given.
Testing is inconsistent with a commitment to quality.
Testing is inexpensive and easy.
Testing is inherently costly.
Testing is irrelevant.
Testing is just one variable used to assess individual students throughout their education.
Testing is just one way to measure what a student knows.
Testing is kept unrealistic, and done as few times as possible, as a result.
Testing is KEY to success.
Testing is key.
Testing is kind of fun and cool.
Testing is kind of problematical for people with lifelong neurological involvement.
Testing is largely a problem of economics.
Testing is legal.
Testing is less apt to discover a syndrome or chromosome diagnosis.
Testing is like a foot-race.
Testing is like inspection in the factory.
Testing is likely to include blood work, x- rays, and an electrocardiogram.
Testing is live, cheap and quick.
Testing is mandatory in order to graduate.
Testing is more complex and needs more time than anyone planned.
Testing is more dangerous than racing.
Testing is more effective when conducted by an independent party.
Testing is more frequent if required by a child's individual history.
Testing is more stringent.
Testing is More Than a Score.
Testing is most effective when the patient is sitting quietly or sleeping.
Testing is most useful for airborne allergies, such as pet dander, pollens and molds.
Testing is much easier too.
Testing is much more complex to plan and execute.
Testing is necessary and beneficial for the one being tested.
Testing is necessary to determine the source of the problem.
Testing is necessary.
Testing is needed to determine the exact virus that is at work.
Testing is needed to evaluate flame spread propensity.
Testing is needed to exclude processes such as malignancy.
Testing is never fun.
Testing is never popular.
Testing is no panacea.
Testing is no substitute for treatment.
Testing is now a regular part of most student's academic career.
Testing is now available through the risk consultation service.
Testing is now by appointment with judges and field crew.
Testing is of an educational nature.
Testing is on a walk-in basis and is open and free of charge.
Testing is on a walk-in basis.
Testing is one means of evaluating extrainstitutional learning.
Testing is one method to increase the quality of today's extraordinary complex software.
Testing is one of the basic tools of scientific and applied psychology.
Testing is one of the best ways to do so.
Testing is one of the first steps in the process of dredging the inner harbor area.
Testing is one of the formal steps used to gather information.
Testing is one of the last steps before the trains begin carrying passengers.
Testing is one of the most important features of the project.
Testing is one of the most important measures of ensuring quality of software products.
Testing is one of the most important phases of the software development process.
Testing is one of the most important stages of development.
Testing is one thing and actual use is something else again.
Testing is one thing and racing is another, but at least everything is beginning to fall into place.
Testing is one thing, but production is another.
Testing is one way to ensure that equipment can be used safely.
Testing is ongoing at Crossroads.
Testing is ongoing for the upcoming term.
Testing is ongoing with new systems tested as needed.
Testing is ongoing with various systems.
Testing is ongoing.
Testing is online as well.
Testing is online.
Testing is only another genealogical tool.
Testing is only available on-line.
Testing is only one means to determine if, and to what degree education is taking place.
Testing is only possible for proteins from commonly allergenic foods, such as nuts.
Testing is optional but encouraged.
Testing is optional for private schools.
Testing is optional, and there is no harm in vaccinating already immune individuals.
Testing is optional.
Testing is over for the day.
Testing is painless, comfortable and safe.
Testing is part of a lifecycle.
Testing is part of an oversight process.
Testing is part of most program development.
Testing is part of the game.
Testing is part of the selection process.
Testing is particularly important if the patient is sexually active.
Testing is particularly important if there is a family history of diabetes.
Testing is particularly important.
Testing is performed by a third party, independent laboratory .
Testing is performed by immunoassay.
Testing is performed by Registered technicians.
Testing is performed directly on the stool sample, no culturing of the viral agent is required.
Testing is performed exclusively at the testing facilities in Troy.
Testing is performed for physicians, clinics, and public health agencies.
Testing is performed manually and along with automated tools.
Testing is performed with an instructor.
Testing is performed with at least six users.
Testing is performed with minimal downtime.
Testing is performed with the exact same test signals used for differential phase.
Testing is probably haphazard.
Testing is probably the key word.
Testing is probably the most important step in developing a web site.
Testing is problem solving.
Testing is provided by the school system periodically throughout the school year.
Testing is provided to both the public and private sectors.
Testing is provided when appropriate with no charge to regularly enrolled students.
Testing is quick, easy and when applied appropriately can provide significant benefit.
Testing is quick, painless and accurate.
Testing is rapid and, normally, enjoyable.
Testing is recommended before actual use.
Testing is recommended for different dilutions.
Testing is recommended for other dilutions.
Testing is recommended prior to full-scale use to determine if there are any negative effects.
Testing is recommended.
Testing is relatively expensive but is covered by many forms of health insurance.
Testing is relatively simple since our product has simple functionality.
Testing is required at time of application.
Testing is required before enrollment into English or math courses.
Testing is required before interviews are scheduled.
Testing is required by state mandate.
Testing is required for all applicants for curriculum programs.
Testing is required for all patient care and administrative support positions.
Testing is required for certification.
Testing is required for clerical positions and available for non-clerical positions.
Testing is required for English composition and mathematics courses.
Testing is required for many of our clerical, secretarial and administrative assistant positions.
Testing is required for most positions.
Testing is required for reading, English, and mathematics placement.
Testing is required in Argentina.
Testing is required in such cases.
Testing is required of all workers even if they are wearing hearing protection.
Testing is required of water samples to determine the extent to which contaminants are dissolved.
Testing is required on each sample class and situation.
Testing is required prior to each confined space entry.
Testing is required to attend meetings and support the testing.
Testing is required to demonstrate college-level reading ability and meet course prerequisites.
Testing is required to determine the extent of the contamination.
Testing is required to identify and resolve safety problems in our nuclear stockpile.
Testing is required to pinpoint network timing conflicts and users in implementing solutions.
Testing is required whenever Cisco or the partner has a new product release.
Testing is required.
Testing is rigorous, and refresher courses are required throughout one's career.
Testing is scheduled at intervals throughout the year.
Testing is scheduled on a first come, first sever basis.
Testing is scheduled over several days.
Testing is scheduled so that test center personnel can complete their responsibilities by midday.
Testing is scheduled throughout the year.
Testing is scheduled to continue for at least three months.
Testing is scheduled to continue through tomorrow.
Testing is seen as bad because it compares children to each other.
Testing is serious business.
Testing is shown in a pictorial form, with text instructions indexed to the picture.
Testing is shown in The results of the tests of the five logs decks is shown in fig.
Testing is simple and can aid in the rapid removal of such pests.
Testing is simple and easy.
Testing is simple and inexpensive.
Testing is simple, and there are many actions they can take in the home to reduce high radon levels.
Testing is simple, effective and cheap.
Testing is simple.
Testing is simpler than verification.
Testing is simplified by the use of circuits to aid in testing the hardware.
Testing is simplified.
Testing is still a good idea for critical work.
Testing is still in progress, so expect some minor bugs.
Testing is still in progress.
Testing is still in the very early stages.
Testing is still under way.
Testing is still underway on two other manual typewriters taken from the site.
Testing is still underway.
Testing is straight-forward.
Testing is stressful enough without a teacher who s been helpful all year suddenly refusing to help.
Testing is stringent and carried out at regular intervals.
Testing is subject to seating and test booklet availability at each location.
Testing is such a vague activity compared to programming.
Testing is supported by an independent search for obvious vulnerabilities.
Testing is testing and racing is racing.
Testing is the answer .
Testing is the best way to be sure.
Testing is the cornerstone of reform.
Testing is the diagnostic tool that best enforces a school's goals.
Testing is the easiest way to preview the success or failure of a risky design.
Testing is the easy part, but interpreting the results can be confusing.
Testing is the integrity of any program to attack addiction.
Testing is the key and stabilizers are the answers.
Testing is the key factor in diabetes.
Testing is the key in a production environment.
Testing is the key to any tactical marketing effort.
Testing is the key to success.
Testing is the key.
Testing is the most critical phase of web site implementation.
Testing is the most expensive part of any new cipher effort.
Testing is the most important technique in assuring the quality of software.
Testing is the most time-consuming process.
Testing is the next phase of the process.
Testing is the obvious way to ensure quality applications.
Testing is the one of the most important ways to insure direct marketing success.
Testing is the only answer.
Testing is the only definite way to determine if mercury is the cause of the symptoms.
Testing is the only insurance worth buying.
Testing is the only sure way to detect carriers.
Testing is the only way providers can find out if they have a radon problem.
Testing is the only way to determine if shellfish contain unsafe levels of toxin.
Testing is the only way to determine if water from a private water supply is potable.
Testing is the only way to determine levels of radon in a structure.
Testing is the only way to ensure that the product meets user requirements.
Testing is the only way to find out what is amiss before a disaster condition turns into a disaster.
Testing is the only way to find out.
Testing is the only way to know for sure if a home is safe from radon.
Testing is the only way to know for sure.
Testing is the only way to know if a home has an elevated level of radon.
Testing is the only way to know that there is a radon problem.
Testing is the only way to tell.
Testing is the only way to truly determine the results.
Testing is the primary method of software validation.
Testing is the principal engine of nuclear proliferation.
Testing is the principal tool used to quantify security conditions on the internal network.
Testing is the process of creating, implementing and evaluating tests.
Testing is the process of executing a program with the intent of finding errors.
Testing is the process of executing software with the intent of finding errors.
Testing is the process of trying to discover every conceivable fault or weakness in a work product.
Testing is the responsibility of the provider.
Testing is the same as for stroke.
Testing is the way to go.
Testing is the word everyone loves to hate.
Testing is thus an important part of the design process.
Testing is thus far limited to small animals.
Testing is time consuming and difficult to do.
Testing is to assure that squad and individual levels are maintained.
Testing is to be done at defendant's expense.
Testing is to be done in designated testing areas.
Testing is to be done in pairs with the dual mazes.
Testing is to be done in three sessions.
Testing is to be done via weekly online quizzes.
Testing is too early.
Testing is too expensive, it is said.
Testing is trivial.
Testing is typically under tooled.
Testing is unavoidable since every conceivable hiring tool is a test.
Testing is undemocratic if it prohibits the creation of new education.
Testing is under development by the agency.
Testing is under way at a Texas site.
Testing is under way in lupus-prone mice to see if the compound can also prevent kidney damage.
Testing is under way.
Testing is underway on the hardware and software used by the bank.
Testing is underway on the radar server in Silver Spring.
Testing is underway to demonstrate how offices can share local data.
Testing is underway to determine the etiology of the illness.
Testing is underway to determine where the short is.
Testing is underway to enable certain workers, such as reservations agents, to work from home.
Testing is underway to reformulate the dry overspray power into a reusable coating material.
Testing is underway, and things appear to be going very smoothly.
Testing is underway.
Testing is undoubtedly the school reform with the highest ratio of benefits to costs.
Testing is useful for algorithm adaptable parameter studies and case study analysis.
Testing is usually infrequent and often covers large amounts of material.
Testing is usually much less rigorous than in industry.
Testing is usually unnecessary.
Testing is valuable to industry.
Testing is very difficult because conditions affect paint and that affects accuracy.
Testing is very dull.
Testing is very easy, though, as there's a full test suite in the perl distribution.
Testing is very simple.
Testing is via traditional written examination during lab times as noted in the syllabus.
Testing is vital because it holds drug abusers accountable during treatment.
Testing is vital to maintaining the reliability and credibility of our nuclear deterrent.
Testing is vital.
Testing is voluntary and free of charge.
Testing is voluntary in Wyoming and Nebraska.
Testing is voluntary on the part of vendors.
Testing is voluntary.
Testing is well underway, though new playtesters are always welcome.
Testing is well underway.
Testing is what direct marketing is all about.
Testing is wonderfully convenient and offered right on site.
Testing is, essentially, a destructive process whereas programming is a constructive process.
Testing is, in part, a way of ranking students.
Testing is, of course, already commonplace.
Testing lasts about two weeks in most instances.
Testing lasts five hours with results mailed back within five to seven working days.
Testing leads to refinement and improvement.
Testing lights the only way that matters.
Testing likewise requires languages.
Testing makes no sense.
Testing means different things to different manufacturers of foul weather gear.
Testing means more work for the crewmembers .
Testing means time away from coding.
Testing means verifying compliance with controls.
Testing misses many cases and makes diagnosis difficult.
Testing needs to be developed to determine which fragrance materials are respiratory allergens.
Testing needs to be done on the neurological affects of fragrance chemicals.
Testing needs to be done on the respiratory affects of fragrance chemicals.
Testing needs to be included here.
Testing needs to be tightly assigned and coordinated.
Testing needs to continue.
Testing now is done after the beef is ground.
Testing occurs approximately once every two months.
Testing occurs as needed .
Testing occurs at the exhaustive level where practical.
Testing occurs at the processing plant or on site, depending on the type of application.
Testing occurs on several levels as the application development progresses.
Testing occurs when the employee feels a comfort level of knowledge.
Testing occurs yearly.
Testing offered by the district is free of charge to parents or guardians.
Testing offers a way to verify that the product successfully fulfills the requirements.
Testing offers placement exam information and registration.
Testing only is also available.
Testing only reveals traces - the presence of absence.
Testing permits identification of carriers and their removal from the breeding population.
Testing precedes wrath.
Testing preorders for probabilistic processes.
Testing preserved on video is preserved forever.
Testing presupposes the performance of hundreds and sometimes thousands of experiments.
Testing produces a better product.
Testing produces data - and in the hands of concerned, involved parents, data equals power.
Testing proves it.
Testing proves that the requirements are satisfied.
Testing provided by the hospital includes cholesterol, diabetes and blood pressures.
Testing provides a baseline for mechanics and engineers.
Testing provides an important motivation to read the materials.
Testing provides important insight into how to model real physical phenomena.
Testing provides schools with critical information to improve student achievement.
Testing puts prototypes, sketches or finished code in front of real users to see how they react.
Testing raises other family issues as well.
Testing ranges from a few days to a year.
Testing Refer to the pkt page for more info.
Testing Refer to the writing section of the general strategies prior to writing test questions.
Testing reflects dual stage manifold operation in the secondary stage.
Testing remains relatively inexpensive to perform.
Testing remains to be done.
Testing reports with every consignment.
Testing requires a blood sample.
Testing requires a dual trace oscilloscope or a dual input waveform monitor.
Testing requires a small fee.
Testing requires about three to three and a half hours to complete.
Testing requires an additional fee.
Testing requires many units in diverse environments.
Testing requires sudents to go into the lab in person, right now.
Testing requires that a small sample of blood be taken.
Testing requires the exercising of many of the same mental muscles as programming.
Testing resembles a viva-voce examination.
Testing results registration forms included in the application packet.
Testing results registration materials included in the application packet.
Testing reveals a dramatic speed advantage for skip lists when compared to B-trees.
Testing reveals correct capacitance and insulation resistance.
Testing reveals one or more significant deficits in psychological processing.
Testing reveals that a large number of clusters is almost always best.
Testing seems to be a sore point in most development organizations.
Testing seems to have worked.
Testing seems to hold schools accountable and to stimulate educational improvement.
Testing seems to indicate that the thing actually works, to go give it a try.
Testing serves as the foundation for flower bulb quality.
Testing serves many beneficial purposes.
Testing serves primarily to measure quality, and only secondarily to detect residual defects.
Testing shows aptitude for computers and artistic endeavors.
Testing shows how the difference lists work.
Testing shows most conventional building materials are permeable to vapor.
Testing shows significant improvement in equipment efficiency.
Testing shows some very positive results so far.
Testing shows that all Internet filters fail to block some sexually explicit sites.
Testing shows that both can now fully support safe recreation.
Testing shows that cranberries aid the body by sloughing off uric acid both in humans and animals.
Testing shows that it floats well with no water ingress.
Testing shows that it is more prone to body impressions.
Testing shows that users tend to prefer short pages and clear navigation.
Testing shows the new program also is much more reliable than past operating systems.
Testing shows the truth.
Testing shows what can happen to a short female driver if the driver air bag is turned off.
Testing simply identifies a defect-it reveals nothing about how to fix it.
Testing soon begins and idle speculations begin to be replaced by fact.
Testing stands for fluids and filters. .
Testing starts after just three menu selections.
Testing starts on both sides of the tent.
Testing starts promptly at the assigned times so it is best to arrive a little early.
Testing starts promptly at the specified time.
Testing starts with running through all the forms.
Testing still needs to be done, to make sure the water is safe.
Testing stops immediately if a reaction is seen.
Testing takes about an hour to complete.
Testing takes about half an hour.
Testing takes approximately three hours.
Testing takes approximately two hours.
Testing takes less than one minute.
Testing takes less than two minutes.
Testing takes only two hours.
Testing Takes Over More money, more testing.
Testing takes place at a site separate from our center.
Testing takes place at specified intervals to ensure the student is on track.
Testing takes place before the start of each new course.
Testing takes place just before the course start date.
Testing takes place on a weekly basis, with each center open several days per week.
Testing takes place on main campus.
Testing takes place the first day of each session.
Testing takes place year 'round.
Testing takes time, and time is running out.
Testing takes time, money and effort.
Testing takes time.
Testing tells students how well they are progressing.
Testing thus becomes the messenger that delivers bad news.
Testing Turn on the parking lights and the hazards.
Testing Use the case study as a test item.
Testing uses ad hoc, uncalibrated test sets.
Testing Validate the HTML .
Testing varies for the different areas of the laboratory.
Testing varies significantly depending upon the needs of each patient.
Testing written work is considered a necessity.
Testing always follows the bestowment of a divine gift.
Testing always has priority over any other purpose.
Testing sometimes creates more work up front, but it definitely saves time over the long run.
Testing usually begins the day after collection.
Testing usually involves obtaining a blood sample for analysis.
Testing usually lasts about an hour or more, depending on the number of muscles and nerves tested.
Testing usually occurs at the computers.
Testing usually occurs once a year.
Testing usually takes less than one hour.
All testing begins at the home school.
All testing can include vibration monitoring, recording and analysis.
All testing employs an honors system in relation to personal integrity.
All testing involves the issue of sampling the content area or domain.
All testing is accompanied by a detailed report of the test results.
All testing is accomplished at independent labs qualified to conduct such tests.
All testing is administered by the school psychologist.
All testing is administered by trained kindergarten teachers in an instructional setting.
All testing is administered on a walk-in basis.
All testing is administered on an appointment basis and is free for military personnel.
All testing is anonymous with fictitious names and date of births.
All testing is anonymous.
All testing is based on merit.
All testing is by appointment only.
All testing is carried out in confidence.
All testing is carried out in home visits, and a departmental car is available.
All testing is closed book.
All testing is computer based.
All testing is conducted by a certified testing facility.
All testing is conducted in a soundproof room.
All testing is conducted strictly for editorial purposes only.
All testing is confidential and anonymous .
All testing is confidential and never released without proper authorization.
All testing is confidential.
All testing is covered by the company.
All testing is done at licensed testing stations that have diesel inspection equipment.
All testing is done at licensed testing stations.
All testing is done at the same time.
All testing is done by a nationally known and accredited laboratory.
All testing is done by a outside laboratory.
All testing is done by appointment only.
All testing is done by the milk bank at no cost to the donor.
All testing is done everywhere.
All testing is done in a safe and humane manner.
All testing is done in closed book fashion.
All testing is done in our members' homes and on their own computers.
All testing is done in-house at our facility.
All testing is done on in vitro human cell culture models.
All testing is done on line.
All testing is done online with immediate electronic results.
All testing is done using special-purpose standalone testers to ensure the most reliable results.
All testing is done with complete confidentiality .
All testing is free and compliments of the hospitals.
All testing is free and confidential.
All testing is free and there is no payment to the participants.
All testing is free of charge for students.
All testing is free of charge.
All testing is free.
All testing is Internet-based.
All testing is linked back to the objectives for the course.
All testing is on friends and family, never on animals.
All testing is performed against actual live viruses with the viruses non- memory resident.
All testing is performed at the highest frequency of each flavor.
All testing is performed by a trained experimenter that is blind to the genotype of the mice.
All testing is performed by an experienced independent laboratory.
All testing is performed by registered medical technologists.
All testing is performed by staff and customer volunteers.
All testing is performed in a controlled environment.
All testing is performed in accordance with national and international standards.
All testing is performed in accordance with recognised standards ie.
All testing is performed on a time and materials basis.
All testing is performed on inpatients and outpatients.
All testing is performed to provide a comprehensive profile of each stallion.
All testing is performed to the most up to date professional and technical standards.
All testing is performed with the most advanced testing equipment by qualified technicians.
All testing is provided by appointment only.
All testing is the responsibility of the retrofit technology manufacturer.
All testing requires preregistration and prepayment of all fees.
All testing requires written orders from a health care professional.
All testing simulates real world conditions.
All testing takes place at the same licensed facilities where safety inspections are performed.
All testing takes place in the morning.
Any testing conducted is for research purposes only.
Any testing done is only as good as the research questions asked.
Any testing is very dependent on the weather.
Any testing required by a course is done on-line.
More testing clearly is warranted.
More Testing Hook it up to a battery and test.
More testing however is probably in order.
More testing is due.
More testing is in order.
More testing is in progress.
More testing is necessary to establish the repeatability of our results.
More testing is needed to decide whether bupropion is safe and effective for use in children.
More testing is needed.
More testing is now under way to better understand the severity and duration of that damage.
More testing is planned with a piston especially plated to reduce detonation.
More testing is recommended.
More testing is required of the entire population to effectively detect infected animals.
More testing is required to determine the absolute limits of the methodology.
More testing is underway.
More testing means more accurate data on the suitability of the technologies being evaluated.
More testing needs more inspection.
More testing remains to confirm that it offers the same benefits to humans with diabetes.
More testing reveals more cases.
Most testing involves quantitative problem solving.
Most testing is conducted from the control room.
Most testing is done by the bottler only.
Most testing is performed during the morning and afternoon.
Much testing is needed before implementation can occur.
Much testing is performed using safety cabinets.
Much testing remains before it can be tried on humans.
Some testing goes on for a week.
Some testing involves the manipulation of DNA and the creating of clones.
Some testing is complete on campus PCs, and well under way on the student-designed legacy systems.
Some testing is complete.
Some testing is done on site, much is sent out to a reference laboratory.
Some testing is done with the sole purpose of measuring the effect of infrared energy on a product.
Some testing is offered on a fee per test basis, while other testing is paid for by student fees.
Some testing is performed using mock situations in the clinic.
Some testing is required as a condition for admission.
Some testing is required.
Some testing is still in progress.
Some testing reequires human verification, especially page rendering and copy editing.
Testis cancer affects men of middle age and older.
Testis cancer grows rapidly and has the shortest doubling time of any tumor.
Testis tumors can spread by one of three routes.
Testis weight varies during the year.
A testis is a gland
A testis is a sex organ
Testes are abnormally small and the male is sterile.
Testes are also involved in the creation and secretion of some steroid hormones.
Testes are composed of bundles of tubules in which sperm are produced and mature.
Testes are connected by ducts.
Testes are connected by sperm ducts.
Testes are generally white and ovaries orange.
Testes are normal.
Testes are often small or cryptorchid.
Testes are permanently abdominal and the uterus is duplex.
Testes are present but very small.
Testes are present inside a fibrous covering called scrotum or scrotal sac.
Testes are small and buried in the bottom of the vesicles.
Testes are small and there is a tendency toward androgen deficiency.
Testes are transplantable.
Testes are white and ovaries are bright red.
Testes become large and firmer Penis begins to enlarge.
Testes begin as retroperitoneal structures in the posterior abdominal wall.
Testes can be round to highly branched depending on species.
Testes can function without nerve supply.
Testes can overheat when a man wears brief underwear.
Testes contain numerous seminiferous tubules where sperm develop.
Testes contain tubules.
Testes develop earlier than ovaries.
Testes develop prior to ovaries.
Testes enlarge markedly and sperm develop tails during the last month before spawning.
Testes hang low.
Testes have (part) corpi.
Testes have (part) epididymises.
Testes have (part) lobes.
Testes increase dramatically in size during the breeding season.
Testes lie outside the body in the scortum because they can produce sperms in a cooler environment.
Testes normally descend from the abdomen into the scrotum at birth.
Testes produce and secrete the steroid hormone testosterone.
Testes produce hormone testosterone.
Testes produce hormones.
Testes produce male hormones.
Testes produce testosterone , and ovaries produce estrogen and progesterone .
Testes produce testosterone and ovaries produce oestrogen hormones.
Testes produce testosterone.
Testes produce testosterone.
Testes secrete fluid.
Testes synthesize testosterone.
Testis isa gonad.
Testis isa organ.
Testises are gonads.
Testes Always check the testes for abnormal condition.
Most testes are connected by ducts.
Most testes are connected by sperm ducts.
Most testes contain tubules.
Most testes produce hormone testosterone.
Most testes produce hormones.
Most testes produce male hormones.
Most testes produce testosterone.
Most testes synthesize testosterone.
Some testes have functions.
Testosterone derivatives are the most potent and androgenic.
Testosterone injections provide solutions.
Testosterone injections provide temporary solutions.
Testosterone levels reach high enough levels.
Testosterone levels reach high levels.
Testosterone levels reach levels.
Testosterone patches are already available for men who suffer from hypogonadism.
Testosterone patches are also available.
Testosterone patches are under investigation, and undergoing clinical trials.
Testosterone patches boost hormone levels and improve function in elderly.
Testosterone replacement can also improve osteoporosis, cardiovascular disease and depression.
Testosterone accelerates growth in tissues that have testosterone receptors.
Testosterone accelerates tissue growth and stimulates blood flow.
Testosterone acts as an aphrodisiac by stimulating brain cell receptor sites.
Testosterone acts on bone in the same manner as progesterone.
Testosterone circulates in blood.
Testosterone combines with enzymes.
Testosterone decreases body fat in men.
Testosterone decreases body fat, enhances lean muscle mass.
Testosterone decreases with age in both men and women.
Testosterone decreases with age in both sexes.
Testosterone drives muscle size, and that's a guy thing.
Testosterone exudes through that vision.
Testosterone has effects.
Testosterone has functions.
Testosterone has several major functions.
Testosterone increases blood cell production.
Testosterone increases cyclosporine concentration increasing the risk of nephrotoxicity.
Testosterone increases production.
Testosterone increases white blood cell production.
Testosterone inhibits breast development, while estrogen promotes it.
Testosterone is an androgenic hormone
Testosterone is androgens.
Testosterone is produced by testes.
Testosterone is sex hormones.
Testosterone isa hormone.
Testosterone mays have effects.
Testosterone powers the sex drive in both men and women.
Testosterone promotes production.
Testosterone relaxes rabbit coronary arteries and aorta.
Testosterone stimulates development.
Testosterone stimulates growth hormone responses.
Testosterone stimulates organs.
Testosterone stimulates reproductive organs.
Testosterone stimulates responses.
Testosterone stimulates sexual activity in women, as well as men.
Testosterone stimulates the development and functioning of the primary sex organs.
Testosterone stimulates the final steps of spermatogenesis in the seminiferous tubules.
Testosterone stimulates the growth of most prostate cancers.
Testosterone stimulates the prostate to grow.
Testosterone travels to every part of the human body.
Testosterone turns on higher production of the allergic protein.
Testosterone works on many parts of the body.
Testosterone works to improve circulation in both men and women.
Testosterones is the male sex hormone that creates muscles, aggression, sex drive and hair.
Most testosterone has effects.
Most testosterone has functions.
Most testosterone has several major functions.
Most testosterone increases white blood cell production.
Most testosterone is made in the testes.
Most testosterone is produced by testes.
Most testosterone promotes production.
Some testosterone causes enlargements.
Some testosterone comes from drink milk.
Some testosterone comes from drink whole milk.
Some testosterone comes from milk.
Some testosterone comes from whole milk.
Some testosterone has roles.
Some testosterone increases protein synthesis.
Some testosterone increases synthesis.
Some testosterone is necessary to have a sex drive.
Tests scores are only one measure of a students progress and ability.
Tests scores are valid for six months.
All tests scores are confidential.
Testudines have a hard covering most of their body.
Tetanic responses are more stable but only if examined infrequently.
Tetanus booster is recommended every ten years.
Tetanus can be a very deadly disease.
Tetanus can be fatal even when treated.
Tetanus bacteria can enter any wound but prefer deep puncture type wounds.
Tetanus coverage is provided.
Tetanus disease is rare now in the U.S. because of vigilant use of the vaccine.
Tetanus germ lives in the ground.
Tetanus immunisation is essential for all individuals working with animals.
Tetanus immunisation is recommended.
Tetanus immunization can be extremely important to adults.
Tetanus immunization is available, often in combination with the diphtheria vaccine.
Tetanus immunization is recommended every ten years for adults.
Tetanus immunizations are memorable because they usually cause a sore arm.
Tetanus inoculation is indicated whenever the eye is penetrated by injury.
Tetanus inoculations are a good idea.
Tetanus prophylaxis is advised.
Tetanus prophylaxis is indicated.
Tetanus prophylaxis is recommended, but the role of prophylactic systemic antibiotics is debatable.
Tetanus prophylaxis is recommended.
Tetanus prophylaxis is required for any burn.
Tetanus shots are advisable before coming to camp.
Tetanus shots are another issue.
Tetanus shots are mandatory.
Tetanus shots are optional.
Tetanus toxin is a neurotoxin that inhibits glycine release.
Tetanus vaccination is given.
Tetanus isa infection.
Tetanus requires injections.
A tetany is a syndrome
Tetanies are syndromes.
Tetany causes laryngospasm and also can mimic tracheomalacia.
Tetany develops if hypocalcemia is severe.
Tetany is a condition characterized by muscular numbness, tingling, spasms, and myopia.
Tetany occurs most frequently in beef cows grazing pastures.
Tetany refers to current induced muscle spasm.
Tetany resulting from vitamin D deficiency disappears when the deficiency is corrected.
Teteto Beach is on the western side of the island.
A tether is a constraint
Tethers also make it easier to securely install child safety seats in many vehicles.
Tethers are straps or cables that are used to tie things to the space ship.
Tethers provide one such option.
Most tethers are easy to attach.
Tetherball equipment is fairly inexpensive, but many of the cheapest setups are inadequate.
A tetherball is an athletic game
Tetherballs are to be shared between girls and boys, and among grade levels.
All tetherballs come with nylon rope attached to a durable recessed post.
Tethered balloons fill and light up for the spectacular display.
Tethered balloons light up the night as twilight takes over the park.
Tethered machines are more powerful, and use the brains of their operators.
Tetley beers are on handpump and lunches are sold.
A tetra is a bony fish
Tetras are companies.
Tetras are easy to care for and are ideal for aquariums because of their communal nature.
Tetras can become very un-tetrahedral in style, though still being based on that cellular design.
A tetracaine is a drug
Tetracaine inhibits initiation and conduction of nerve impulses at the site of application.
Tetracaine is a potent amino ester.
A tetrachloroethylene is medicine
Tetrachloroethylene shows only low acute toxicity in humans and in experimental animals.
A tetrachloromethane is a compound
A tetrachloromethane is a medium
Tetrachloromethane is therefore difficult to hydrolyse.
A tetrachoric correlation is a correlation
Tetrachoric correlation is two artificially dichotomous variables.
Tetrachoric series is computed.
Tetracycline antibiotics accumulate in the calcium shell, and have been shown to kill nanobacteria.
Tetracycline antibiotics are effective if instituted early enough.
Tetracycline antibiotics are usually rapidly effective for ehrlichiosis.
Tetracycline antibiotics kill bacteria and relieve rheumatoid arthritis.
Tetracycline antibiotics make penicillin antibiotics less effective.
Tetracycline derivatives are indeed in clinical trials in cancer patients.
Tetracycline drugs are effective against many bacterial infections.
Tetracycline resistance is common in isolates of E. faecalis from animal waste.
Tetracycline inhibits protein synthesis in pathogenic organism.
Tetracycline is antibacterial.
Tetracycline is drugs.
Tetracycline is medicine
Tetracycline reduces sedimentation damage to corals.
Tetracyclines are also on the list, however there is a theoretical problem with any antibiotic.
Tetracyclines are antibiotics that are used to treat a wide variety of infections.
Tetracyclines are bacteriostatic, amphoteric drugs with a high volume of distribution.
Tetracyclines are poorly and erratically absorbed after i.m. injection.
Tetracyclines are potent scavengers of the superoxide radical.
Tetracyclines are the most frequently prescribed oral antibiotics.
Tetracyclines are the second choice.
Tetracyclines belong to the family of medicines called antibiotics.
Tetracyclines can be bacteriostatic or bacteriocidal at clinically relevant doses.
Tetracyclines can inhibit the adherence and activation of leukocytes in vitro .
Tetracyclines can penetrate cells and fight intracellular bacteria.
Tetracyclines cause photosensitivity.
Tetracyclines cause stomach aches fairly often.
Tetracyclines Decreases tetracycline effect.
Tetracyclines destroy bowel flora which are needed to break down the methotrexate.
Tetracyclines form a stable calcium complex in any bone-forming tissue.
Tetracyclines inhibit bone resorption in organ culture.
Tetracyclines inhibit calcium absorption and vice versa.
Tetracyclines inhibit human synovial collagenase in vivo and in vitro.
Tetracyclines inhibit tissue collagenase activity.
Tetracyclines interfere with bacteria by inhibiting protein synthesis.
Tetracyclines interfere with tooth development.
Tetracyclines localize in bones, teeth, liver, speen, and tumors.
Tetracyclines penetrate into most tissues and body fluids.
Tetracyclines readily cross the placenta and are excreted in high amounts in breast milk.
All tetracyclines form a stable calcium complex in any bone forming tissue.
All tetracyclines form a stable calcium complex in any bone-forming tissue.
Tetrad analysis allows direct analysis of the products of meiosis in one cell.
A tetrad is a figure
Tetrads come in seven shapes.
Tetrads move to metaphase plate.
Tetrads toe the speed and order line like elementary schoolers on a pee parade.
Tetrads always stick to their meek and humble ways.
Tetragonal crystals are often long and slender, or can even look like a needle.
Tetrahedral elements are in an early stage now.
A tetrahedron is a polyhedron
Tetrahedra are pyramids with triangular bases.
Tetrahedrons only form in isometric minerals that have four fold rotoinversion axes.
Tetrahydrobiopterin levels regulate endothelial cell proliferation.
Tetrahymena has (part) cell membranes.
Tetrahymena has (part) cells.
Tetrahymena has (part) corpi.
Tetrahymena has (part) cytoplasm.
Tetrahymena has (part) lips.
Tetrahymena has (part) mouths.
Tetrahymena has (part) nuclei.
Tetrahymena has (part) plasma membranes.
Tetrahymena has (part) sections.
Tetrahymena has (part) vacuoles.
Tetrahymena isa ciliate.
Some tetrahymena has functions.
Some tetrahymena has types.
Some tetrahymena possesses cilia.
Tetraploid cells are also a normal feature of regenerating liver and other tissues.
Tetraploid cultivars have a slightly higher digestibility than diploid cultivars .
Tetraploid daylilies have double the normal amount of chromosomes.
Tetraploid daylilies have twice as many chromosomes as the diploids.
Tetraploid daylilies have twice the normal number of chromosomes.
Tetraploid plants are usually larger, show more variations, and have advantages in breeding.
Tetraploid plants have double the number of chromosomes and tend to be larger and more vigorous.
Tetraploid varieties are often bigger plants with larger flowers than diploids.
Tetrapod limbs have arrangements.
Tetrapod lineage has origins.
Tetrapod vertebrates have blood.
A tetrapod is a vertebrate
Tetrapod isa vertebrate.
Tetrapods adapt to environments.
Tetrapods adapt to life.
Tetrapods adapt to terrestrial environments.
Tetrapods also lack the first and second aortic arches.
Tetrapods are a group of vertebrates that includes amphibians, reptiles, birds, and mammals.
Tetrapods are amphibians, reptiles, birds and mammals.
Tetrapods are animals that have four legs or leg-like appendages .
Tetrapods are animals that have four legs or leg-like appendages.
Tetrapods are animals.
Tetrapods are vertebrates.
Tetrapods become vertebrates.
Tetrapods exhibit both a main and accessory olfactory system.
Tetrapods exhibit even lower stability than dolosse.
Tetrapods have (part) brains.
Tetrapods have (part) breasts.
Tetrapods have (part) cell membranes.
Tetrapods have (part) cells.
Tetrapods have (part) chest cavities.
Tetrapods have (part) chests.
Tetrapods have (part) corpi.
Tetrapods have (part) cytoplasm.
Tetrapods have (part) ears.
Tetrapods have (part) faces.
Tetrapods have (part) heads.
Tetrapods have (part) nuclei.
Tetrapods have (part) pedal extremities.
Tetrapods have (part) plasma membranes.
Tetrapods have (part) rib cages.
Tetrapods have (part) sections.
Tetrapods have (part) skulls.
Tetrapods have (part) sterna.
Tetrapods have (part) vacuoles.
Tetrapods have (part) vertebrate feet.
Tetrapods have heads.
Tetrapods have hips.
Tetrapods have jaws.
Tetrapods have limbs.
Tetrapods have single teeth.
Tetrapods have teeth.
Tetrapods have wide jaws.
Tetrapods include salamanders.
Tetrapods live in habitats.
Tetrapods vary greatly in size.
Tetrapods usually live on land and breathe with lungs.
All tetrapods share a variety of morphological features.
Most tetrapods adapt to environments.
Most tetrapods adapt to life.
Most tetrapods adapt to terrestrial environments.
Most tetrapods become vertebrates.
Most tetrapods have heads.
Most tetrapods have hips.
Most tetrapods have jaws.
Most tetrapods have limbs.
Most tetrapods have single teeth.
Most tetrapods have teeth.
Most tetrapods have wide jaws.
Most tetrapods live in habitats.
Some tetrapods become life.
Some tetrapods evolve from ancestors.
Some tetrapods face problems.
Some tetrapods face serious problems.
Some tetrapods have ancestors.
Some tetrapods have bones.
Some tetrapods have forelimbs.
Some tetrapods have lungs.
Some tetrapods have roots.
Some tetrapods have terrestrial ancestors.
Some tetrapods invade habitats.
Some tetrapods invade terrestrial habitats.
Some tetrapods live in lagoons.
Some tetrapods live in shallow water.
Some tetrapods live in water.
Some tetrapods lose limbs.
Some tetrapods possess features.
Some tetrapods possess scaly skin.
Some tetrapods possess skin.
Some tetrapods show ability.
Some tetrapods show diversity.
Tetrapolar interactions are more complicated.
A tetraspore is a spore
Tetraspores settle out of the water column and grow up into gametophytes.
A tetrode is a tube
All tetrodes share a disadvantage.
Tettigoniids are the most speciose of the ensiferan families.
Teutonic castle ruins dot the countryside which is pleasant, if undramatic.
Teva customers keep their sandals for years and years travelling to the ends of the earth together.
Teva shoes are comfortable and well made.
Teva shoes are here.
Teva shoes are probably the most popular shoes out today.
Teval soils have a lower clay activity class.
Texan farmer goes to Australia for a vacation.
Texas capital is Austin.
Texas fish are different from Eastern Gulf fish, and fishing community needs are also different.
Texas girls are basically frontier women.
Texas legislators believe in local home rule.
Texas loss is a great gain for America s schoolchildren.
Texas policy states that the person that owns the land above the water, owns the water.
Texas prisons are hell to do time in, or to await execution in.
Texas professors say chemist's effort to turn mercury into gold is embarrassing.
Texas rehabilitation is very inadequate to the real problems that are currently within our system.
Texas residency is required and the awards depend upon the availability of funds.
Texas residency is required.
Texas roads are all but lined with official signs.
Texas summers are brutal, but the winters can be too.
Texas summers are hot.
Texas tax is due on the charge for the damage appraisal.
Texas has (part) Amarillo.
Texas has (part) Austin.
Texas has (part) Dallas.
Texas has (part) Houston.
Texas has (part) Lubbock.
Texas isa thing.
Texel race do so at their own risk and responsibility.
TexShare borrowers are limited to two items checked out and to one renewal per item.
TexShare borrowers are limited to two items in circulation at one time.
TexShare borrowers are responsible for returning items to the library by the due date.
TexShare borrowers are responsible for returning materials by the due date of the material.
TexShare borrowers are responsible for returning materials they have borrowed by the date due.
Texshare borrowers can only check out three books at at time.
TexShare card is valid for the semester it was issued.
TexShare cards are valid for one year from date of issue.
TexShare cardholders are eligible to borrow all circulating materials.
TexShare patrons are limited to print materials for checkout purposes.
TexShare patrons are responsible for returning borrowed materials by the date due.
TexShare patrons can borrow books from the main circulating collection only.
TexShare patrons can borrow up to three books borrowing limit at one time.
TexShare project is funded by state funds.
Text adventures are a medium of the mind, graphic adventures are a medium of the eyes.
Text adventures can be a lot of fun, but they take some getting used to.
Text adventures depend heavily on description and interaction for their atmosphere.
Text alignment is now possible.
Text analysis is an integral part of scene study.
Text annotation is available as an image overlay.
Text annotation makes it easy to track multiple reviewers' comments on a document.
Text annotations describing the process appear in a separate frame.
Text area Allows the user to enter paragraph sized amounts of data.
Text areas allow for more free flowing data.
Text areas are rectangular boxes for entry of comments.
Text areas can be any size.
Text block has a crack in the middle.
Text block is of ingres antique in a variety of colors.
Text blocks are now the correct size when opened in Illustrator.
Text blocks are rectangular objects that contain text.
Text blocks bound in upside down are a common occurrence in edition binding.
Text book is included.
Text book is purchased from the Bookstore.
Text books aid in learning, but words are no match for personal experience.
Text books are also a great starting point but become dated very quickly.
Text books are available at a reduced price.
Text books are available at campus bookstores, organized by course.
Text books are available for quick referencing.
Text books are available from several sources.
Text books are available on site.
Text books are available to students for a fee.
Text books are current Armenian publications.
Text books are current United States publications.
Text books are located in classes.
Text books are located in schools.
Text books are necessary, but can become monotonous.
Text books are often years behind current scientific discovery even when they are brand new.
Text books are particularly susceptible to theft.
Text books are ridiculously expensive.
Text books are to be listed in the bibliography only if they have been cited in the paper.
Text books can be very expensive.
Text books can never replace the power of a library.
Text books explain the underlying encryption technology.
Text books have chapters.
Text books have long chapters and many exercises about the normal distribution.
Text books have separate chapters.
Text books prefer to use x's and y's with subscript to denote the two points.
Text books used are mainly British and regular homework is set.
All text books are in English.
Many text books have very good content, both in text and in graphics.
Most text books are in English.
Most text books are the product of one individual's heroic efforts.
Most text books describe three different types of collisions.
Most text books have a teacher version that have lesson plans, suggested homework, projects, etc.
Most text books have chapters.
Most text books have separate chapters.
Text box is a string of characters.
Text boxes add text to a slide with no placeholder or captions to images.
Text boxes are a thing of the past and text zooms without changing size or placement.
Text boxes are like miniature word processing boxes.
Text boxes are useful to draw attention to special notes or to add comments to a document.
Text boxes can be multi or single-line.
Text boxes can only contain one line of text.
Text boxes can respond to a broad variety of events.
Text boxes can serve a variety of purposes.
Text boxes give instructions and additional information.
Text boxes have no character limits.
Text boxes have two editing modes - editing the contents of the box and editing the box itself.
Text boxes highlight significant phrases.
Text boxes point out subtle features of each tool.
Text boxes provide detail on related topics, techniques, or theoretical approaches.
Text boxes provide flexibility inside the space parameters.
Text boxs are boxs.
Some text boxes allow entry of a limited number of characters.
Some text boxes contain explanations.
Some text boxes have additional directions .
Text browsers can only display text, while graphical browsers can display text as well as images.
Text browsers click here .
Text browsers have no use for frames either.
Text categorization is the task of classifying text into one of several predefined categories.
Text chat is a big help for people with slow modems.
Text chat is also available.
Text chat is also persistent, so there's always a record of written conversations.
Text chat is ideal for sending messages when audio quality is poor.
Text chat is less useful as it is slower and less spontaneous than whiteboard.
Text chat is the most basic form of Internet chat.
Text chats are exactly what they sound like.
Text compression focuses on finding ways to represent actual text in less space.
Text compression is regarded as a distinct problem from character encoding.
Text control allows wrapping or shrinking to fit long text within a cell and merging text.
Text controls can also support input and display of multiple writing systems.
Text controls offer extensive typesetting options, but there are limitations.
Text data are necessary in all types of indices, especially in topical indices.
Text data are statements, footnotes, references and other addenda.
Text data is far more important to researchers.
Text data is just text-letters, number, and perhaps a few special characters.
Text data is just text-letters, numbers, and perhaps a few special characters.
Text data is sorted case-insensitively.
All text data are available in electronic form.
All text data is left justified, while numeric data is right justified.
Text display can be stand-alone or associated with a map.
Text display is handled by text widgets.
Text display is sped up dramatically.
Text display leaves a lot to be desired.
Text documents come out clean and readable.
Text documents contain information that can be easily retrieved for use in various applications.
Text documents have extremely small file size.
Text Documents implement a view on a sequence of data characters, called the text .
Text documents require much less storage than images.
All text documents are fully-searchable.
All text documents are in pdf format.
Most text documents are Portrait-oriented.
A text editor is an editor
Text editor started by task Tasks can also request that a text editor be started.
Text editors allow users to create and edit text files.
Text editors appear to be descended from other platforms and earlier times.
Text editors are also very easy to learn.
Text editors are different from word processors in a number of ways.
Text editors are generally less computing resource intensive.
Text editors are ideal for drafting letters and articles, or just about anything, for that matter.
Text editors are local programs.
Text editors are programs that modify text files.
Text editors are programs used to create and modify plain text files.
Text editors are programs used to edit text files.
Text editors are simple, direct and quick.
Text editors are the most durable and venerable programs for entering text into a computer.
Text editors can be wonderful programs.
Text editors can only output such items.
Text editors contain a buffer overflow.
Text editors do their work after the fact.
Text editors put absolutely no gunk into the files they create.
Text editors tend to prefer soft tabs.
Text Editors Write a text editor.
All text editors allow the user to move the caret with the arrow keys.
All text editors have a means to save files to disk and to open existing files.
All text editors have their place.
Any text editor can create an HTML document.
Many text editors have options which ease the drudgery of entering Fortran statements.
Many text editors offer additional HTML authoring features which are very convenient.
Many text editors save things like font and size in the resource fork.
Most text editor provide now ways to save files into html format.
Most text editors are very easy to use.
Most text editors can do it.
Most text editors have operations called cut and paste .
Most text editors make it easy to modify code.
Most text editors provide text insertion capabilities by allowing the user to just type.
Most text editors use particularly keypad keys for certain purposes.
Some text editors can edit 'rich text'.
Some text editors have HTML extensions designed to make it easier to develop web pages.
Some text editors leave each paragraph as one long line.
Some text editors permit application of an arbitrary filter command to a region of text.
Text entry can be compulsory or optional, according to the event code selected.
Text entry is accomplished through simplified writing, a pop-up keyboard, or desktop computer.
Text entry is done with a special handwriting recognition system.
Text entry is remarkably fast.
Text entry requires some learning.
Text entry using navigation for instance, is a little time consuming.
All text entry is free-form.
Some text entries contain helpful information.
Some text entries contain information.
Text field contains below lines.
Text fields accept any type of text, alpha or numeric.
Text fields allow the user to specify the minimum and maximum number of rows, columns, and nonzeros.
Text fields are a common method to enter data into a form.
Text fields are editable, buttons are clickable, and so on.
Text fields are flexible in size and space availability.
Text fields are text containers in Flash that can hold variable data.
Text fields are very important, allowing, if needed, a detailed description of each feature.
Text Fields can be defined in length, that means how many characters the reader can enter.
Text fields can contain simple validations, such as email, monetary and credit card numbers.
Text fields can either be a single line of text, multiple lines of test and password text.
Text fields can limit the number of characters a user enters.
Text fields contain smaller amounts of text.
Text fields display data exactly as it is entered.
Text fields have many purposes.
All text fields are case-insensitive.
All text fields open right to left and cursor movement is opposite from the way it is in Latin.
Most text fields are searchable and displayable in both English and German.
Most text fields have a white background.
A text file is a computer file
Text file containing item means from deaf and hearing populations.
Text file is closed when done.
Text files are actual documents that contain information.
Text files are also available for downloading.
Text files are also available.
Text files are also welcome.
Text files are available which present indexes for the flowers.
Text files are basic, plain files that contain no special formatting.
Text files are compatible across all computer platforms.
Text files are computer files.
Text files are easy to search for keywords when a company is looking to fill a position.
Text files are easy to use, but even easier to lose.
Text files are files made up of the ordinary letters, numbers and punctuation found on the keyboard.
Text files are files that contain only characters, spaces and line returns.
Text files are files which have been created with a text editor such as emacs, pico and notepad.
Text files are in Rich Text Format.
Text files are in rtf format.
Text files are ok too, but require more work.
Text files are plain ascii, suitable for any text editor that can work with long files.
Text files are platform independent.
Text files are quite portable.
Text files are readable by the user.
Text files are single-spaced.
Text files are small, and easy to edit.
Text files are the classic case.
Text files are the lowest common denominator of files.
Text files are typical articles, stories or script files such as programming source code.
Text files are usually the simplest ones to figure out.
Text files are usually very small.
Text files are very basic, and can be understoof by any database or spreadsheet program.
Text files can also be e-mailed unless they contain a number of large graphic files.
Text files can be e-mailed or saved locally.
Text files can be of any type.
Text files can end with the suffix .txt or .doc.
Text files consist only of text.
